THE

Statutes at Large,

From the Twentieth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD

To the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD, inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Public and Private Statutes during that Time.

With a COPIOUS INDEX.

VOLUME the FOURTEENTH.

LONDON:

Printed by Charles Eyre and the Executors of William Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty;

And by W. Woodfall and the Executors of W. Strahan, Law Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXXXVI.

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo primo GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the FIRST Session of the

FIFTEENTH Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 21 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to extend the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrections), to Persons arrested and bailed since the Destruction of the said Gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other Prisons substituted in Lieu thereof.

2. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

5. An Act for extending the Provisions of three Acts made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of and ascertaining the Duties upon East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London; for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned abroad to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves; and for reducing the Duties on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

6. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

7. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia.

8. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

9. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

10. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, purchased in pursuance of two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Sheerness and Chatham; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort.

11. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

12. An Act to continue the Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York.

13. An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk.

14. An Act for raising a certain Sum by way of Annuities, and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain Annuities, which were made one joint Stock by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

15. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy.

16. An Act for repealing the Discounts and Abatements upon certain foreign Goods; and for granting additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great Britain.

17. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Britain.

18. An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein mentioned.

19. An Act to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom or Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, navigated with foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities.

20. An Act for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads subsequent to the passing of the said Act.

21. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

22. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River called Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn to its Junction with the River Glen at a Place called Tongue End, in the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

24. An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaieboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

25. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

26. An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in British or Foreign Vessels from any Place whatsoever; and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels, during the present Hostilities.

27. An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities, the Importation of Goods, the Produce of the Plantations of the Crown of Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in Portuguese Vessels; and the Importation of certain other Goods, therein enumerated, in any Neutral Ships and Vessels.

28. An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles, when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to charging the Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into the Isle of Man.

29. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica; to the allowing the free Importation of Sago powder and Vermicelli from his Majesty's Colonies in North America; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of his Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions; to the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying coast-wise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant ships on their Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships.

30. An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament passed for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and cleansing the Streets of the Town of Colchester; and also for lighting the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances in the said Town.

31. An Act for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

32. An Act to encourage the Manufactory of Verdegrease in Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on foreign Verdegrease imported.

33. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues therero; for widening some Part of the High Street and the Market Place; for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town.

34. An Act for further continuing and amending the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

35. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Adur, at or near Old Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

36. An Act for amending, regulating, cleansing, lighting, watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Borough of The Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

37. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

38. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the same Town.

39. An Act for further securing the Property of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels as are liable to Forfeiture for importing Spirits or other Goods, by the Misconduct of the Masters, Mates, and Seamen.

40. An Act for extending the Provisions of three Acts, made in the twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty, and in the tenth and nineteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, to British and Irish Linens, British Calicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted or stained in Great Britain, and to Buckrams and Tilletings, exported during the time therein limited; and for taking off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts.

41. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

42. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

43. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time.

44. An Act for the more effectually securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, all such forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money as shall arise from or in respect of any Prizes to be condemned and sold in His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Sea; and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof.

45. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

46. An Act to enable John Bowater Esquire to grant Leases, in Possession or Reversion, of a Dock Yard and Land at Woolwich, in the County of Kent, (being Part of his settled Estate) to the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, in Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

47. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign for performing several Works, and making Improvements within the University and City of Oxford, and the Suburbs thereof, and in the adjoining Parish of Saint Clement.

48. An Act to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit of the Public; and for indemnifying the said respective Persons, and their Representatives, in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord’s Day, called Sunday.

50. An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned.

51. An Act to explain an Act, passed in the third Year of George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates, and for enlarging the Time of such Registering, and for securing Purchases made by Protestants.

52. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

53. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Public Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the time of passing an Act, made in the twenty sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

54. An Act for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry.

55. An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in Lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act.

56. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Almanacks printed on one Side of any one Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a certain annual Sum out of the said Duty to each of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the Money heretofore paid to the said Universities, by the Company of Stationers of the City of London, for the Privilege of printing Almanacks.

57. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

58. An Act for rendering more effectual so much of an Act, made in the tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appropriating a Fund established by an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax, as relates to the distributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time limited.

59. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

61. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees for the better securing His Majesty's Decks, Ships and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at Plymouth.

62. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs, so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and also an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for the Prevention of the Clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty's Dominions; to permit the Importation of Orchillia Weed and Cobalt, during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irish or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and Essequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the British Islands in the West Indies.

63. An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors.

64. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts, in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act.

65. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public from the time the Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, until the first Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and also for securing to the Public in respect thereof, for a Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the sole and exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company.

66. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His Present Majesty, intituled, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements for the Use of their Benefices.(Also known as the Gilbert Act).

67. An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from Driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality.

68. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing Stealers of Lead and Iron Bars, fixed to Houses, or any Fences belonging thereunto.

69. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the stealing, and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell-metal and Solder; and for more effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice.

70. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, as relates tot he Administration of Justice in Bengal; and for the Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the undue Resistance made to the Process of the Supreme Court.

71. An Act for vesting the Parish Church of Saint Christopher le Stocks, in the City of London, and the Materials and Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for ever; and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint Margaret Lothbury, in the said City.

72. An Act for the better maintaining and regulating of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock, and Parish of Stoke Damarell, in the County of Devon; and for paving, cleansing and watching the Streets, Lanes and Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances and Annoyances, and regulating the Drivers of Coaches, Chaises, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Porters, within the said Town.

73. An Act for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the same.

74. An Act for erecting a new Gaol, and for removing certain Gateways in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving and regulating the Streets there.

75. An Act for appointing new Commissioners for continuing to carry into Execution the Trusts and Powers of an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the River Stower navigable from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, in the Room and Place of those named in the said Act who are since dead; and for explaining and amending the said Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

76. An Act for building a new Church and Rectory House within the Parish of Eserick, in the Country of York; and for confirming an Agreement with the Rector of the said Parish, for exchanging and exonerating from Tythes certain Lands and Tenements in Eserick aforesaid.

77. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts of the ninth and twenty eighth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the last mentioned Act as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks; and from The Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County.

78. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helstone and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge.

79. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrowstounness by the West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torphichen, Bathgate and Whitchurn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouseburn.

80. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an Act, made in the thirty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road.

81. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road, over Darley Bridge, to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge, in the County of Derby.

82. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bridge in Wilmslow, in the County of Chester, through Naher Aderley and the Town of Congleton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County.

83. An Act for repairing, widening and altering the Road from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, near Norton, in the County of Derby, to Hathersage, in the same County, through the several Parishes of Norton, Dronfield and Hathersage, in the said County of Derby; and also the Road from the Road leading from Chesterfield to Hernstone Lans Head, near Stoney Middleton, to Toiley, through the several Parishes of Bakewell, Hope, Hathersage and Dronfield, all in the said County of Derby.

84. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane in the County of Devon.

85. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, and in the County of the City of Coventry.

86. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the thirty third Year of His late Majesty King George, the Second, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall.

87. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road, at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County.

88. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester; and from Alcester through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick; and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay; and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester.

89. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tamworth to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry in the said County to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliff Lane, leading to, and in the Parish of, Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid.

90. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound in the County of Cornwall, through the Town of Saint Austell and Lostwithiel, and from thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane in the said County.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to repairing and widening the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham.

92. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an act, made in the Thirty third Year of His late Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Derby, Leicester and Warwick; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road branching from Part of the said Roads, between Measham in the said County of Derby, and Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road at or near The Ball's Head Alehouse, in Twycross, in the said County of Leicester.

93. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halesowen, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the Parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop, as relates to the Road from Dudley Worth to Rednal Green, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield.

94. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton.

95. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Otley Skip, in the County of York's from Skipton to Colne, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton to Clitheroe, in the said County.

96. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster; and from a Place called The Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said County of York.

97. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the ninth and twenty eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County.

98. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

99. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing, widening and amending, the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

100. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and for other Purposes.

101. An Act of enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Besselsleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downs; and from thence to Lambourn, in the said County of Berks; and for amending the Road through Pidgeon Lane instead of the said Road through Halfpenny Lane.

102. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act made in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in Walton, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Gisburn and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the said County of Lancaster, as relates to the Roads from Colne to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge.

103. An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing two Acts, made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, to take down the Turnpike erected in Sherrington Field, in the said County of Bucks, and to remove the same to the North End of Sherrington Bridge, in the said County.

104. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Ilmister, to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rain Hill to Ilmister, and from White Cross to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of Somerset.

105. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn in the Parish of Winstantow in the County of Salop; and also the Road from Bluemantle Hall near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymstrey Bridge.

106. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from The Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick; and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Duston, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road.

PRIVATE ACTS,

Anno 21 Georgii III.

1. An Act for naturalizing Simeon Pope.

2. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Kern, and Nathaniel Lewis Paleske.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes of Shotesham Saint Mary, Shotesham Saint Botolph, Shotesham All Saints, and Shotesam Saint Martin's, in the County of Norfolk.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Manors and Parishes of Highclere and Burghclere, in the County of Southampton.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Hingham, in the County of Norfolk.

6. An Act for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds ended Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Brecks, Commons, and Wastes, in Great Ringstead, in the County of Norfolk.

7. An Act for inclosing and improving certain Lands and Grounds within the Township of West Halton, in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for naturalizing Dame Charlotte Sophia Smyth, Wife of Sir Robert Smyth Baronet, and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name Of her Jointure.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Herman Kater.

10. An Act for naturalizing John Engelberts Ziegenbein and Charles Augustus Pieschell.

11. An Act for naturalizing George Lewis Kohn.

12. An Act for naturalizing Peter Chaffeaud.

13. An Act for naturalizing James Mary Siordet and John Lewis Hooffstetter.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Chicklade, in the County of Wilts.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Dillorn otherwise Dilhorne, in the County of Stafford:

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Stoney Middleton, in the County of Derby.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Ilmington, in the County of Warwick.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as well within the Parish and Township of Rothley, as within the Extraparochial Liberty of Rothley Temple, in the County of Leicester.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Little Harrowden, in the County of Northampton.

20. An Act to enable John Tripe Clerk, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Swete.

21. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of Sir Gregory Page, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Commonable Land, called or known by the Names of Tealham Moor, Blackford Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pit, within the Manor of Blackford, in the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of Somerset.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Winfarthing, in the County of Norfolk.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, and Places, of and within the Manor, Lordship, and Liberties of Mountsorrell, in the County of Leicester.

25. An Act for naturalizing Dorothy Hannah Louisa Harriot Henley, the Wife of William Henley Esquire.

26. An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the like Uses, instead thereof.

27. An Act for vesting Part of a certain Close called Shack Field, otherwise Vicar's Field, Parcel of the Lands belonging to the Vicarage of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees, for the Purpose of making a convenient Road from a Street called Southgate, in the Town of Halifax, over and through the said Close, to the Public Hall lately erected in the said Town of Halifax, called The Manufacturers Hall; and to enable the vicar Of the Parish of Halifax, and his Successors, to grant Building Leases of the other Parts of the said Close, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

28. An Act for diverting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of divers Manors, Messuages, Farms, Rectories, Advowsons, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, of the Right Honourable James Earl of Salisbury, out of Charles Banks and his Heirs, and for vesting the same in Trustees, and their Heirs, to, for, and upon such of the several Uses, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, mentioned and declared in and by an Indenture of Release of the nineteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect.

29. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Edmund Mapes Esquire, in Honeing, in the County of Norfolk, in the said Edmund Mapes, in Fee Simple; and for settling an Estate of the said Edmund Shapes, in Rollesby Burgh alias Burrow and Repps, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

30. An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Sussex and Kent, being Part of the settled Estates of John Radcliffe, of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, or one of them, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

31. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Baker, Esquire, in Folkstone, in the County of Kent, in the said John Baker, in Fee Simple; and for settling another Estate of the said John Baker, in the said County of Kent, of equal Value, in lieu thereof.

32. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement, for cancelling and making void a Settlement of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the North Riding of the County of York, the Estates of the Honourable Ann Fairfax Spinster; and for making another Settlement of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to the Uses mentioned in such Agreement.

33. An Act for effectuating the Sale of a Freehold Estate of Ann Pinnock, an Infant, at New Windsor, in the County of Berks, pursuant to an Agreement with Thomas Tildesley, Gentleman.

34. An Act for effecting an Exchange between John Pratchitt and William Pratchitt, Gentlemen, of their Estates in the Counties of Stafford and Salop; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made between the Devisee and Heirs at Law of Frederick Lord Baltimore, deceased, respecting the Province of Maryland in America, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; and for establishing and veiling the said Province in Henry Harford Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the several Payments, Terms, and Conditions, and in Manner, therein mentioned.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Mark Moor otherwise Thurll Moor, Mark Liberty Moor otherwise Yonder Moor, and Fole Moors and Commons, situate within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called Dale Moor, or Stanton Moor, within the Manors of Dale and Stanton, or one of them, in the County of Derby.

38. An Act for inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, and for setting out and regulating Part thereof, as a Common Pasture, and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Townships of Grinshill, Sansaw, and Clive, in the Parishes of Grinshill and Saint Mary, in the County of Salop.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places of, and belonging to, Cropston, in the Parish of Thurcaston, and County of Leicester

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Hanbury, in the County of Worcester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of Kington, in the County of Worcester.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the Manor and Parish of Preston Bissett, in the County of Bucks.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Vicesimo Primo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the thirty-first Day of October, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

Being the first Session of the fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act to extend the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, others, the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrections), to Persons arrested and bailed since the Destruction of the said Gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other Prisons substituted in Lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of the last Parliament

[20 Geo. III. Cap. 64. recited.]

(intituled, An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriff's, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and insurrections), divers Provisions were made for the Purposes therein particularly mentioned and expressed, which were to be in Force until the Prisons of the Kings Bench and the Fleet should be repaired and made fit for the Reception of Prisoners, or other Prison or Prisons substituted in Lieu thereof, and the same should be notified in the London Gazette by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State: And whereas it has not yet been practicable to repair the said Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, so as to make the same fit for the Reception of Prisoners, and no other Prisons have been substituted in Lieu thereof;

---

[Defendants in any Actions, in London or Middlesex, since the Destruction of the King’s Bench and Fleet Prison?, who have surrendered, or who, before the said Prisons shall be repaired, shall surrender, See. shall be intitled to the same Privileges as those arrested before the late Riots. No Debtor to be removed, by Habeas Corpus, into the King’s Bench or Fleet Prisons, before they are repaired, &c.]

and Doubts have arisen, whether Persons who have been arrested and given Bail since the Destruction of the said Prisons, or who may hereafter be arrested and give Bail before the said Prisons are repaired, or other Prisons substituted in Lieu thereof, are within the Intent and Meaning of the Provisions of the said Act

be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Defendant in any Action or Information, in London or Middlesex, hath, since the Destruction of the said Prisons, surrendered, or been surrendered j or before the said Prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet respectively shall be repaired, or other Prison or Prisons be substituted in Lieu thereof respectively, and Notice thereof given in the London Gazette, as in the said Act is mentioned, shall tender to surrender, or hath been or shall be tendered to be surrendered in Discharge of Bail, or shall be taken in Execution by virtue of any Process issuing out of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, such Defendant shall be intitled to the same Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, and subject to the same Penalties and Disabilities, and with the same Indemnity for the Marshal of the King's Bench, or Warden of the Fleet respectively, as any Defendant who was arrested before the Destruction of the said Prisons, and who has surrendered, or has been surrendered, in Discharge of Bail, would be by virtue of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the said Prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet respectively shall be repaired and made fit for the Reception of Prisoners, or other Prison or Prisons substituted in Lieu thereof, and the same notified in the London Gazette by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, no Debtor shall be removed or turned over, by virtue of any Writ of Habeas Corpus, from any Gaol whatsoever* to the Custody of the Marshal of the King's Bench or Warden of the Fleet; and the said Marshal and Warden respectively shall be indemnified with respect to all Defendants

2 C. 1 — 5. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Recital of his Majesty's Order in Council,

Dtc. %o, 17?©,

fendants removed or turned over, and such Defendants shall be subject to all the Regulations and Provisions concerning Defendants before expressed and contained, or referred unto, in and by this present Act.

---

[Directions relative to Persons, out of London and Middlesex, who have been or shall be arrested during the Time aforesaid, and who shall be surrendered, &c.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, who, since the destruction of the said prisons, hath been arrested, or who, before the Reparation thereof respectively, or Substitution of some other Prison or Prisons in Lieu thereof respectively, and Notification of such Repair or Substitution in the London Gazette as aforesaid, shall be arrested in any County in this Kingdom, except London and Middlesex, by virtue of any Writ or Process issuing out of any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, shall surrender or be surrendered, in Discharge of Bail, before the said prisons respectively shall be repaired, or other Prison or Prisons substituted in lieu thereof, and such notification given in the London Gazette as aforesaid, every such Person shall surrender him or herself, or be surrendered into the custody of the Sheriff of the County in which such Person was arrested, in the Gaol or Prison of such County, who shall thereupon confine such defendant or defendants, subject to all such regulations and provisions as County Gaols are by law subject to; which surrender shall, to all intents and purposes, be as effectual and available in the Law as a Surrender and Commitment to the Marshal or Warden of the Fleet would have been before the destruction of the said prisons of the King’s Bench and the Fleet; and every such prisoner, so surrendering or surrendered as aforesaid, shall be, and shall be deemed to be ipso facto on such surrender, without any Commitment by any Judge, a Prisoner in the custody of such Sheriff, in like Manner, and to every Intent and Purpose, as if such Prisoner never had been bailed.

[Under Sheriffs and Gaolers to make Entries of all Surrenders, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Under Sheriff, and also the Gaoler of every Prison, into whose Custody such Debtors shall surrender, or be surrendered, as aforesaid, shall make Entries of all such Surrenders in a Book to be kept by them respectively for that Purpose; which Book shall be open to the Inspection of all Persons requiring to examine the fame; and if any Under Sheriff or Gaoler shall make Default therein, he shall be adjudged guilty of a Contempt of the Court out of which the Process issued upon which such Debtor or Debtors was or were arrested; and shall and may be punished as in other Cases of Contempts of Court.

[Under Sheriffs to certify true Copies of such Surrenders to the Court of King’s Bench, &c.]

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Under Sheriff of every County for the Time being, from Time to Time, shall certify unto the Matter of the Court of King’s Bench, and unto the Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas, and unto the Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, on the last Day of every Term, true Copies of all such Surrenders which shall have been made in the County for which he shall be Under Sheriff; which respective Officers shall file the same of Record in the said Courts respectively.

CAP. II.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

[Further continued to Jan. 1, 1782.]

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

[4 s.]

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

CAP. V.

An Act for extending the Provisions of three Acts made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of and ascertaining the Duties upon East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London; for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned abroad to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves; and for reducing the Duties on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

---

WHEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council, dated the twentieth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, was pleased to order, thu Gerrra! Reprizals granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the States General of the United Provinces; so that as well as his Majesty's Fleet and Ships and also all other Ships and Vessels that shall be commissioned by Letters of Marque or General Reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commi/Irm^r? so executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall and may lawfully seize all Ships and Goods, belonging to the States General of the United Provincery or their Subjects, or others inhabiting

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5. 3

within any of the Territories of the aforesaid States General, and bring the same to Judgment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty's Dominions: And whereas it is expedient that such of the several Provisions of three Acts of Parliament, which are now in Force; the one made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[Act 18 Geo. III.]

intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes* with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom; one other Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign,

[19 Geo.

intituled, An Act for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in this Kingdom; and the other made in the last Session of c Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of two Acts, made in the eighteenth Year of his and *o Geo. III.

8och Parti of the recited Act* a* are now ift Force extended to Dutch Pria?* taken fioce > i Dec* ao, 1780k

What Articles shall be deemed Military and Ship Stoics*

India* Goods, condemned as Prizte at any Out-port, to London for Sally and of Prize Goods for Exportation;

and for reducing the Duty on Foreign Prize Tobacco \ should be extended in like Manner to all Prize Goods which have been or may be taken from the States General of the United Provinces, or their Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the said States General, in pursuance of his Majesty's said Order in Council, subject nevertheless to such Alterations and Regulations as herein after prescribed May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Acts made in the eighteenth and nineteenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, and all the Articles, Clauses, and Provisions therein which are now in Force (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all Prize Goods and Ships or Vessels which have been taken from the States General of the United Provinces, or their Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the said States General, fmee the twentieth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or which hereafter may be taken during the Continuance of the present Hostilities with the said States General, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private or other Ship or Vessel having Commission or other Authority front the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commi fli oner 9 for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, for that Purpose.

II. And whereas, by the hereinbefore recited Act, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's

Reign, it is, amongst other Things, provided. That no Duties or Customs whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Prize Goods consisting of any Military or Ship Stores: And whereas Doubts have arisen what Articles are and ought to be deemed Military and Ship Stores;’ for Remedy whereof, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Articles herein-afte^ enumerated, and no other, shall be deemed and taken to be Military and Ship Stores within the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act; (that is to say). Sails, Cordage, ^Anchors and Cables, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits,

Blocks, Guns, Gunpowder, Shot, Match, Gun-carriages, Cartridges, and other Materials thereto belonging; and all Timber and Iron converted into and made fit for ship-building, or for any of the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; Beef, Pork, and Butter, faked, Biscuit, Small Beer, Pease, and Oatmeal, Sailors Clothes, Hammocks, Bedding, and other Apparatus and Instruments of the Surgeons; any Custom ox tlfage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods of the Growth, Product, or< Regulations re. Manufacture of the East Indies, which have been taken as Prize during the present Hostilities, and brought Ja‘ive l by the Captofs into the Port of London, and which now remain there unfold, and all such East India Goods as shall be brought into, and condemned as Prize in the Port of London, after the passing of this Act,' shall be publickly exposed to Sale in the City of London, by the Captors or their Agents; and the Duties *)ue and payable thereon shall be computed and paid by the same Rules, Regulations, and Restriction?,' in all Respects, as are prescribed by the before-recited Act of the last Session of Parliament ft>r the like Goods carried into any Out-port in this Kingdom and there condemned, and afterwards brought to the Tort of London for Sale; any Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it frequently happens, that Prizes are taken and carried into Ports in Foreign Parts,

and condemned in some Court of Admiralty within his Majesty's Dominions out of this Kingdom, and the Captors may be under Necessity of dispoiing of the same there; now, to encourage the bringing such Prizes into, this Kingdom after Condemnation and Sale,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Purchasers of such Prizes of the Captors shall, upon Importation thereof into this Kingdom, have and be inti tied to the same Liberty of warehousing such Goods, and such Goods shall in fell other Respefls be subject and liable to the same Duties, Regulations, and Restrictions, as they would be subject Snd liable to by Law if the same had been imported by the Captors, without being sold abroad, subject nevertheless to the Proviso herein after mentioned; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prize Goods so imported into this Kingdom, after having been sold abroad as aforesaid, shall be Entitled to any of the

Benefits or Advantages intended by this Act> unless the Master, or Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel importing the same, shall, at the Time he makes his Report at the Custom-house, deliver to the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs^at the Tort of Importation, a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be laden on board his Vessel; or under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, if there shall not be any such Officer of the Customs there; or under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul, in case there shall not be any Governor or Lieutenant Governor at such Port or Place, certifying that such Goods have been bona fide taken and

4 C. 6 - 9. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Sale otj and Payment of th-Dutici r n, C*it JnHja Goods rondemried as Prize in the Port of London,

Purchase'f of Pnz» Gov>ds corukmieil a* broad may in"- port them into this Kingdom mi the Ume M inner a< the Captors themselves s

Provided the Matfer deliver proper Certificate to the Officer at the Port of Importation, &c.

foreign Prise Tobicco eiported before the pitting of the xecited Act of httSettiofy, taajf be re-in ported oq Payment of the same Dutioa* &c. u Tobacco taken since the paflinf of that Act)

[provided the Importer prove the Identity thereof.]

[Preamble.]

Recital of i§ Geo. III. Cap. 76,

No moreVoIan* teer Companies to be raised by virtue of the tld-Act* until authored by Proclamation, Ac* Not to aflFeft Volunteer Can* parties already raised.

condemned as Prize ih one of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty, or Vice-admiralty, naming the Place where, and the Time when, such Goods were so condemned, and the Name of the Ship or Vend or Ships or Vessels by which they were captured; which Certificate shall also describe the Species of such Goods, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages containing the same 5 and the Mailer, or Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall also at the same Time make Oath, before such Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation (which Oath such Collector and other proper Officer is and are hereby respectively authorised and impowered to administer), that the Goods so imported in such Ship or Vessel are the same Goods which are mentioned in such Certificate, and no other; and on Failure of any of the Particulars herein required, such Goods shall be subject and liable to the same Duties, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as they would be subject and liable to, if this Act had not been made.

VI. And whereas several Parcels of Tobacco of the Growth or Product of foreign Plantations in America, which have been taken and condemned as Prize in this Kingdom since the present Hostilities with France and Spain, were exported into foreign Parts before the passing of the herein-before recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, Part of which Tobacco has been returned for want of a Market abroad, and is now remaining on board Ships in this Kingdom, and other Part is still remaining abroad

in foreign Parts, and cannot be fold there: And whereas it is reasonable, for the Encouragement of the

Captors, to permit such Tobacco to be re-imported into this Kingdom, and admitted to an Entry here,

upon Payment of the same Duties as Tobacco of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America? be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, such Tobacco which has been, or may be re-imported into this Kingdom, shall be liable to pay the same Duties, and shall he subject, in all other Respects, to the same Securities, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as such Tobacco is and would have been liable to by the before-recited Act made in the last Session of Parliament, in case the same had been taken and condemned since the passing of that Act.

VII. Provided always, That the Person importing or returning such Tobacco into this Kingdom* shall, at the Time of entering such Tobacco, prove, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, that such Tobacco so returned is the identical Tobacco that was condemned in this Kingdom and exported from hence; referring to the Time of such Condemnation, and the Time of Exportation, with it Name of the Ship and Mailer ia which it was so exported.

CAP. VI.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

[Further continued to March 25, 1782.]

CAP. VII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia % it is enacted, That Volunteer Companies may be raised and added to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, in the Manner therein directed; and many such Companies have already been raised and added, in pursuance of the said Act \ but it is not expedient that any more such Companies should be raised at present ? be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no more foctr Volunteer Companies shall be raised or added to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia for any County or Riding, under and by virtue of the said Act, until his Majesty shall be pleased to authorise the same by Proclamation or Order in Council y. and that from and after the issuing of such Proclamation, the said recited Act shall be in full Force and Effect during the present Hostilities; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding*.

---

II. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any such Volunteer Companies as have been already raised and added to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia by virtue of the said Act; but that, with respect to such last mentioned Volunteer Companies, the said Act shall remain in full Force and Effect.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 10. 5

CAP. X.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, purchased in pursuance of two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Sheerness and Chatham; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[

intituled, An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort; certain Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, were vested in the Right Honourable Sir Fletcher Norton Knight, and other Persons therein mentioned, and their Heirs; in Trust nevertheless for such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as, at or immediately before the Time of making the said Act, were the several and respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, according to their several Estates and Iatercfts therein at the same Time, in Possession, Revetfion, Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and Interests should be respectively adjudged and determined,

or Possession thereof taken by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or Engineers, or other Officers acting under their Authority (which they were thereby impowered to do whenever it should be found necessary for his Majesty's Service), and the several Sum or Sums of Money, and Interest for the same, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum for one Year, for the gross Sum that should be afltssed for the Uue and real Value thereof, in Manner and Form therein mentioned, should be paid: And it was by the said Act also enacted, That, immediately after Payment should be made of the Sum and Sums of Money to be ascertained, in Manner therein mentioned, as the Value of the Rights and Interests of all Persons possessed of, or interested in, such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, unto the Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively, the said Trustees should be deemed and;

adjudged to (land seised of the Premises so paid for, to and for the Use of his Majesty, and his Heirs and Successors, for ever, freed and discharged of and from all Right, Title, Claim* and Demand whatsoever, jftut could or might be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil: And whereas his Majesty, by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, issued hi* Com- cni&on, by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster, the twenty-fijeth Day of August now aft pad, authorising and impowering certain Persons therein named,

or any five or more of them, to do* perform, and execute, all Powers, Directions, Authorities, Mat- tors, and Things* in the said Act contained, which by the said Act such Commissioners are authorised and required to do, perform, and execute: And whereas, by virtue of the said Commissionr and in ppr- fuance of the said Act of Parliament, five or more of the Commissioners in the said Commi/Jon named,

on the thirteenth Day of November last, did meet, pursuant to Notice thereof in Writing duly given and diced tip* and also published in the London Gazette* twenty Pays and more before such Meeting,

in such Manner as m and by the said Act of Parliament was directed, at the Town-hall in the City of Roehe/icr*} and did then and there adjourn to the fourth Day of December now last; on which Pay, and afterwards from Day to Day, until the eighth Day of the said Month of December, they proceeded, by and upon the Inspection and Examination of Deeds, Writings, and Records, and otherwise, to enquire and ascertain who were the Owners and Proprietors of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Act, and situate at Sheerness and Gravesend aforesaid, and the particular Estate and Imereft of each of such persons therein; and such Commissioners at the same Time proceeded, by and upon the Inquest of twelve or more g od and lawful Men, qualified to serve upon Juries at the Affiaes for the said County of Kent, inpannelled, summoned, and returned, by Robert Burrow.

Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, to take the Inuueft (and before which Jurors Witnesses were ex-aroined), to enquire and ascertain the true and real value of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Act mentioned to be situate at Sheerness and at Gravesend, and of every Part and Parcel thereof* and the true and real Value of the particular Estate and Interest of each Person in- titled unto or interested in the same respectively; and five or more of the said Commissioners did after- wards meet pursuant to Adjournment, and did make their Determination and Decree, purfpant to the said recited Act, with regard to the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate at Sheerness and Gravesend; and thereby they determined and decreed, that the true and real Value of the said Messuages, Lands* Tenements, and Hereditaments, at Sheerness and Gravesend, including fame 4 (mail Sums for the Value of some Seed Town, and some Gardening Stock growing on fopie ftnall Parts of such Land* at Gravesend, is thirteen thousand four hundred ami fifty-two Pounds, and seventeen Shillings: And whereas five or more of the Cornerissioners, named in the said Commission*under the Great heal of Great Britain* did, on the twenty-seventh D*y of the said Month of November Uft, meet at the ff hte Hart Jnn in the Town of Romford, in the County of Effete, pursuant to Notice theiqof in Writing given and fixed ,up, and also pub^ftied in the London Gazette^ twenty Days and more before such Met ting, in such Manner as directed by the said recited Act of Parliament; and such Cocninilfionr

[Preamble.]

Recital of 10 Geo. III. Cap. jS.

His Majesty? by virtue of the ind Act, pointed certain-Persona Commissioners; who, on Nov. iji- met in tha Town-hall of Rockefter.

Their Proceed* inga the*c»

ers did men and there, in such like Manner as aforesaid, esquire who were the Owners and Pinpiietors of the L inds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in nhe said Act, fttuaie near Filmy Forty in c the said County, and the particular Estate and Inteseit of each of such Persons therein; and suc Commissioners

Commissioners?, on Nov. met at Romford.

Their. Proceedings mete.

6 C. 10. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Other Commissioners appointed on Aug. 26)

who met in the Town-hall of Rochester.

[Their Proceedings there.]

The federal

Sums decreed by the Commissioners to be paid amount to 34.173l.7s.6d. Eebdes Interest.

The said Sum to be paid out of any Supplies granted for *781.

missioners at the same Time proceeded, by and upon the request of twelve or more good and lawful Men, qualified to serve upon juries at the Assizes.for the County of Essex, impannelled, summoned, and returned, by Henry Hinde Petty Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, to take the Inquest, and before which Jury Witnesses were examined, to enquire and ascertain the true and real Value of the Lands Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Act mentioned to be situate near Tilbury Fort, and the true and real Value of the particular Estate and Interest of each Person intitled unto or interested in the same respectively; and it thereupon appearing, that two Persons, as Tenants of other Lands adjoining, would sustain Damage by the taking of the Lands, mentioned in the said recited Act of Parliament to be situate near Tilbury Fort, for the Purposes of the said Act of Parliament, the said Commissioners Acn and there also proceeded, by the Inquest of the said Jurors, on Examination of Witnesses betoie them,

to esquire and ascertain what Damage such Tenants of adjoining Lands would sustain thereby; and five or more of the said Commissioners did afterwards meet, pursuant to Adjournment, and did make theif Determination and Decree, pursuant to the said recited Act, with regard to the said Land-, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, situate near Tilbury Fort\ and they thereby determined and decreed, that the trufe and real Value of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Act mentioned to be situate near Tilbury Fort, including the Value or Amount of the Damage sustained by two T enants of adjoining Lands as aforesaid, is one hundred and forty-eight Pounds, and eighteen Shillings; and they thereby certified, that such Lands and Tenements were first made Uie of for the Purposes in the said Act 4 mentioned at Midsummer, one thnufarvd seven hundred and seventy-eight: And whertas, by another Act of Parliament, also passed in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to r fl certain Messuages Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing his Aiaiejif s 4 Dock, Ships, and Stores, <7/Chatham; certain other Meflunges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, were vested in the said Sir Fletcher Horten, and several other Persons therein mentioned, and their Heirs, upon the like Trusts as are herein-before mentioned: And whereas one other Commission, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, was, in pursuance of such last-recifed Act of Parliament, issued, bearing Date the aforesaid twenty-sixth Day of August last, authorising and impowering certain Persons therein named, or any five or more of them, to put the said latt-mentioned Act in hxe- cution, and giving to them, or any five or more of them, Power to do, perform, and execute, all Powers, Directions, Authorities, Matters, and Things, in the said lad-recited Act contained, which by the said Act such Commissioners were authorised and required to do, perform, and execute: And ‘ whereas, by virtue of the said last mentioned Commission, and in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act of Parliament, five or more of the Commissioners named in such last* mentioned Commission did,

on the aforesaid thirteenth Day of November, meet at the Town-hall of the City of RochejUr, pursuant to Notice thereof in Writing, duly given and fixed up, and also published in the London Gazette, twenty Days and more before such Meeting, in such Manner as was in and by the said last-recited Act of Parliament directed, and did then and there adjourn to the fourth Day of December now last past 3 on which Day, and afterwards from Day to Day, until the eighth Day of the said Month of December, they pro- cetded, by and upon the inspection and Examination of Deeds, Writings, and Records, and otherwise, to enauire and ascertain who were the Owners and Proprietors of the Messuages, Lands, Tenement*, and Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Act, and situate in the Parishes of Saint Morgan* and ^'Chatham, ift the said County of Kent, and the particular Estate and Interest of each of such Persons A therein respectively; and such Commissioners at the same Time proceeded, by and upon the Inquest df

fcWeKe or more good and lawful Men, qualified to serve upon Juries at the Assizes for the County rif Kent, impannelled* summoned, and returned, by the aforesaid Sheriff of that County, to take the Irf-

quest (and before which Jurors Witnesses were examined), to enquire into and ascertain the true and real Value of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Act mentioned, and of every Part thereof; and the true and real Value of the particular Estate and Interest of each Person + intitled unto or interred in the same respectively: And whereas five or more of the said last mentioned * Commissioners did afterwards meet pursuant to Adjournment, and did make their Determination and Decree pursuantTo the ft id last-recited Act; and thereby they determined and decreed, that the rrdfe and r*al Value of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the said Pa#- riflies of Saint Margaret and Chatham, including the Value of some Seeds Town, and Gardening Stock on some Particulars of such Lands, is twenty thousand six hundred and seventy-one Pound?, twelve

Shillings, and Sixpence: And whereas all the Sums so allcffrd and adjudged and decreed by the said Commissioners to be paid as aforesaid, amount together to the Sum of thirty-four thousand two hundred 4* and seventy-three Pounds, seven Shillings, and Sixpence, exclusive of the Interest by each of the said & feeltdd Afttf of Parliament directed to be paid; but no Provision hath yet been made for Payment of the said Money, or any Part thereof: Now, iof making Compensatiort to the several Owners and Pro-> prietork of such several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, other than those in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, and to the Persons who have or will sustain Damages, as mentioned 14 in the said Determinations or Decrees; and for the more effectual carrying the said several recited Acts of Parliament into Execution with respect to all the Messuages, Lands, Tenement, and Hereditament?, therein mentioned, other than and except those situate in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon, near Plymouth’,9 may j^ please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, Dy and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, there shall and may be issued and applied the aforesaid Sum of thirty-four thousand two hundred and seventy-three Pounds, seven Shillings, and Sixpence, with Interest as herein after is mentioned, for the Purpose of making reasonable and just Compensation and Satisfaction to all and

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. 7

every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, who, at the Time of making the said respective Determinations or Decrees, were the several and respective Owners and Proprietors of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said several recited Acts mentioned, and ndt situate in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to their several and respective Estates and Interests therein, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, as ascertained as aforesaid; >and to the Persons who have sustained or will sustain Damage by taking such Lands for the Purposes of §ach respective Ada> as mentioned in the said several and respective Determinations or Decrees. T j

II. And. to the Intent that all and Angular the Proprietors aforesaid may be paid for such theirire*-

spective Estates and Interests, and that the Persons so sustaining Damage may be paid for such Damage "

all and every such Sum and Sucns of Money as they have been adjudged and determined, byvthe said a

Commissioners, to be respectively intitled unto, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of

feve Pounds per Centum tier Annum from the respective Times following; that is to say. With respect 19

the said Lands in the County of Essex, from Midsummer~day, in the Year one thoustmd seven hundred -

? and even freight (.when the same appear, by the Judgment and Decree of the said Commissioners, to havebeera hrftjn4(k Use rif (for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned); and with respect. to the other Swrrf^enc

MeiTufcfcds and Lands* from such Time as Possession thereof shall be taken by the principal Officers of his rai of ihc OnU*

? Majesty's Ordnance, or the Engineers by their Direction, to such Time.as hereio-after oientioned > nance to make be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor-general B'llsto the of the Ordnance for the Time being, and he is hereby required to matte out and allow one or mote Bill foif^forThc icr Bills, to the tespective Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, for such Sum and Sums adjudged! Sums of Money as is or are to them respectively adjudged by theiaid several and respective Determinations to them, with our Decreed of the.feid Commissioners, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of five Pounds the.

psr Centum fio\Annum, frorii such respective Times as aforesaid* to the fifcieenth Day of ApriL one tb°u> ftroc*

fend feve n !hbmired and eighty-one; which Bill or Bills so made shall express. the respective Capds*; T^ Particulars to U jieffiems* or’JHerediuhaencs, or other Interest or Damage £0^ which such BUt or Bills shall be, naade Qyr^ 13

together with the Name of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate^ Ecclesiastical or Civil; and the respective Sum and Sums of Money he, she, or they, is or are to receive; and thereupon one or more I>eb*nn?rci to be Debenture or Debentures shall be prepared, for such several and respective Sums as aforesaid, by the Cleok Prcrarcd by of the Ordnance for the Time being, and signed by three or more of the principal Officers uf the QuL Qr^ivnc^ani* nance for the Time being j, which Debenture or Debentures is and are hereby required to be paid by the p,;d Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, who shall take Acquittances from the Panics indoried Treasurer. thereon: And, in order to obviatq any Doubt as to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate,

Ecclesiastical or Civil, who shall be intitled unco or interested in any such Money, having Notice that such Money shall be ready to be paid, the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance shall cause Notice thereof to be published in the London Gazette.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums which shall, in and by such The several Debentures, be payable to Persons to whom it is, by the said recited Decrees of the Commissioners, de* Sums to bepaW Permitted or decreed that the Money thereby determined to belong, to them Chould be absolutely paid tp Decree* o/the them, shall be paid to such Persons accordingly. Commissioners.

IV. And whereas, by the said Decree or Determination of the Commissioners, with regard to the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Chatham, it

was and is decreed. That certain Sums of Money should be paid to the three following Corporations;

(that is to say,) The Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Chriji and Blejpd Virgin Mary of Rochejhry and the Brethren of Saint Bartholomew's The Sums fc- Hospital, in or near the said City of Rochester, as a Compensation for their respvdive Estates and intecefts creed to errtan in such Particulars of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parishes

of Saint Margaret and Chatham^ as are for such Purpose mentioned in such Decree;7 be it further such PeHon* as enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums which shall, by the Debentures tr> be made out as they fry] au-aforesaid, be payable to* the said several Corporations respectively, shall be paid to such Person or Persons thyrife to re- as shall be, by such several and respective Corporations, by Writing under their common Seals, authorised cerve rheftme. or impowered to receive the same, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame: And that it D.'rcfUo for shall and may be lawful to and for each of the said three several Corporation?, as soon as conveniently may the said CorP°" be after they shall have respectively received such respective Sums of Money, to lay out such Parts thereof as shall be paid for Principal Money, or any Part of such Principal Money, either together or in Parcels, Money decreed-in the Purchase of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Thhes, and Hereditaments, in Fte-simple, to be con- to them. veyed to, or to and for the Use of, the said respective Corporations and their respective Successors, for such Estate and Estates, and tQ and for, and upon and subject to such U(es, lYufts,’Limitations and Purposes,.as the Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof such Money shall > be paid as aforesaid, were vested in such respective Corporations irnrncdtatvly before the paiHngof the said last-recited Act of Parliament; and to accept Conveyances of the Meffiuges, Lands, Tenements, Tithes*-and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, and from Time to Time to hold and erjoy the same according to* such Conveyances, without any Licence or Authority other than and befnes this profent Act; any Statute of Mortmain, or other Law to the contrary notwithstandinK: And in the mean-Time,* and until such

Purrhtfc or Purchases shall be made, to lay out such Principal Money at Imereft in some of the Government Securities;, and the JnteFeft arising from such Securities shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been intitled to the Rents and Profits of such-Mcffeages* Lands, enements?.

Tithes, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased a^id feit-cd as aforesaid.

V. And whereas it was ai d is, in and by the said several Decrees of the Commissioners, deicrmioM 4 and decreed, that several Sums of Money therein for such Purpose. mentioned, as being the Value of

8

All Money decreed to be paid to Trusteet, shall be paid to the Deputy King’s Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer}

who shall sign a Certificate to the Barona of the Exchequer acknowledging the Receipt thereof, &c.

t j

Deputy Remembrancer to pay such Money received by him into the Bank.

Barons of the, Exchequer to ihake such Orders as they shall think reakmable for Payment, &c. of the Money so received by the Deputy Remembrance t.

The fUftqr of

Milton, and the Vicar of Saint Margaret, dec. to have the yearly Income of the Money decreed to them *efjc£Uvely,

Preamble, relating that the Commissioners were doubful whether a certain Piece of kand, &c belonged to Elizabeth Gordon during her Use.

The Sum of 245 1. 6 s. 8d. icing the Value

C. 10. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. t*8r,

% several Particulars therein mentioned of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and hereditaments, or of the Estate and Interests of particular Persons therein, should, on account of the particular Estates or Interests of such Persons in such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, be paid to some proper Person or Persons, on certain Trusts, and for certain Purposes therein mentioned be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money to be, by such Debentures as aforesaid, made payable for or in respect of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which are by the said Decrees, or either of them, decreed or determined to paid to any Trustee or Trustees, shall be paid, by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, into the Hands of the Deputy King’s Remembrancer of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster for the Time being, for the Ufts, Intents, and Purposes herein after mentioned; and such Deputy Remembrancer is hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to receive the same, and to give a sufficient and effectual Discharge for tht fame; and the said Deputy Remembrancer shall, upon the Receipt of each of the several Sums so to be paid in for the Use and Benefit of each of the said Owners and Proprietors respectively, sign a Certificate to the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, under his Hand, purporting and signifying that every such Sum was received by and paid to him, in pursuance of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Ownet or Proprietor respectively, and who in such Certificate shall be named and described; and which Certificate shall be filed in the said Court of Exchequer, and a true Copy thereof, signed by the said Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer, shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purposes berem-after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Deputy Remembrancer for the Time being, upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money hereby directed and appointed to be paid to him as aforesaid, shall pay the same into the Bank of England.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster of the Degree of the Coif for the Time being, or any two or more of them, shall be, and are hereby authorised and impowered, in a furamary Way, upon Motion or by Petition, for and on the Behalf of any Person or Persons interafted m, or intided to, the Benefit of the Money so to be paid to, and received by, the said Deputy Remembrancer, or the Interest or Produce thereof; and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the same, as aforesaid, add receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions as they Hull think just and reasonable, for paying the said Money, and every or any Part or Parts thereof; or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the public Funds, or upon Government or real Securities, and for calling in, disposing of, and placing out, the same again, in or upon such new or other Funds or Securities as aforesaid, and for Payment of the Dividends, interest, or Produce thereof, to the several and respective Persons intitled to receive the same; or for laying out the said Principal Sums, or any Part thertof, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as the former Estates were settled at the Time of making the said respective Decrees, or as near as the same can be done; or for and concerning the receiving, issuing, paying, applying, and disposing of the said Money, for the Benefit of the Person and Persons intided to, or interested in, the same respectively, by virtue of and according to the Tenor and Purport of the said recited Acts, and this present Act; and for appointing a proper Person or Persons to be Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes; and that such Money shall be from Time to Time paid, by the said Deputy Remembrancer, according to the Orders to be so front Time to Time made; and the Rector of the Parish of Milton next Gravesend, and the Vicar of the PariQt of Saint Margaret next Chatham, and the perpetual Curate of the Parish of Chatham, and their Successors for the Time being, and the Objects of, or the Managers for the charitable institution, in one of the said Decrees or Determinations described by the Name of Chatham Chejl, for the Time being, shall from Time to Time for ever, have, receive, and be intitled to, the yearly Income of the Money in and by the said Decrees or Determinations respectively decreed or determined to be the Value of the Tithes, Lands, and Hereditaments, belonging to them respectively, and the yearly Income of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, T ithes, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased with such Money respectively, in like Manner as they could or might have received or been intitled unto the Tithes, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Satisfaction for which such respective Sums of Money are decreed or determined to be paid, without any Licence or Authority other than and besides this present Act; any Statute of Mortmain, or other Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas the said Commissioners, in and by their aforesaid Decree with respect to the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate at or near Grovefend, certified, that it appeared to be doubtful to them, on the Construction of an Indenture dated the twenty-sixth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, therein mentioned and set forth, whether Elizabeth Gar- don, therein named, was intitled unto the Piece of Land and Wharf and Bridge, therein for that Purpose mentioned, for her Life, unaffe&ed by such Indenture; or whether William Offley, Thomar Pattinf $n9

and Thomas Lloyd, therein named, are not intitled thereto during her Life, on the Trusts declared by such Indenture; and therefore the said Commissioners decreed, that the Sum of two hundred and forty- three Pounds, six Shillings, and eight Pence, determined by them to be the Value of the said Elizabeth Gordon's Estate for Life in such Particulars, should be in some Manner preserved and taken Care of 4 until it should, in some proper Manner, be determined whether the same ought to be paid unto the said Elizabeth Gordon, for her own Use, or whether the same ought to be paid unto the said William OJfley9 4 Tlwnas Pattinson, and Thomas Lloyd, on the Trusts declared by the said Indenture, dated the twenty- fix:h Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; sod that the same ought on such De-

termination to be paid agreeable thereto;* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Sum of two hundred and forty-three Pounds, six Shillings, and eight Pence, and the interest

a thereof.

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. io.

thereof, if any shall be payable thereon, shall and may be also paid, by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, into the Hands of the said Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, who shall accordingly receive the same, and whose Receipt shall be a sufficient and effectual Discharge for the same, as aforesaid; and the said Deputy Remembrancer shall certify his Receipt of such Money in Manner aforesaid, and such his Certificate shall be read as Evidence as aforesaid; and the said Deputy Remembrancer shall pay the same into the Bank of England\ in like Manner as aforesaid.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall affetfl the Interest either of the said Elizabeth Gordon, or of the said JVMiam Offley, Thomas Patti nfon9 and Thomas Lloyd, to the said Sum of two hundred and forty-three Pounds, six Shillings, and eight Pence, in the said Decree mentioned, or the Interest, if any, which shall be due in respect thereof; but that the same shall, when paid to the said Deputy Remembrancer as aforesaid, be laid out by him, by the Directions of the Barons of the Exchequer, or any two of them, in like Manner as the Monies herein-before mentioned are directed to be laid out, until the Right of the Parties thereto shall be determined; and upon such Determination the said Deputy Remembrancer shall, and he is hereby required to transfer, assign, and pay such Monies according to such Determination.

X. And be it further enacted and declared. That, upon the Death or Removal of the present or any future Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, all Mortgages, Stocks, and Securities, vested in him by virtue of this Act, shall vest in the succeeding Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer for the Time being subject to the Trusts and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, Without any Assignment or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the Bank in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Hands of the present or any future Deputy of the Kino’s Remembrancer at the Time of his Death or Removal, and not vested in the Funds, or placed out on Securities, as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the Time being.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if, on the Death or Removal of the present or any future Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, the King’s Remembrancer shall execute the said Office in Person, then and in such Case the several Trusts, rowers, and Authorities, in and by this present Act vested In the said Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer, and his Successors, shall, during such Time as no Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer shall be appointed, vest in, and be executed by, the said King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, who by Law are capable of receiving such Debenture as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to take the same before on the sixteenth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Ordnance for the Time being, to deposit the same with the Clerk of the Peace of the County where the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments therein mentioned, in respect whereof such Debenture or Debentures shall be made out, shall lie, and to take his Acquittance or Acquittances for the same, which such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to give without any Fee or Reward, and which shall be taken and deemed to be valid; and such Messuages, Lmds, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, of such Person or Persons respectively so neglecting or refusing to take such Debenture or Debentures, shall from thenceforth be vested to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as if such Debentures, or the Money payable thereby, had been received by t^e Parties intitled thereto, and the Money thereon due had been fully satisfied and paid; and such Clerk of the Peace shall and may afterwards deliver the same to the Pany or Parties who shall appear to be intitled thereto, on being fully paid all such reasonable Charges and Expences (if any) as he shall or may sustain or be put un.o relating thereto.

XIII. And whereas, by means of some Inaccuracy in the Description, in the said two recited Acts of Parliament, of the cxj1 Quantity, Abuttals, and other Descriptions of the several Messuages and Parcels of Lands in the Counties of Kent and Essex therein mentioned to be intended to be purchased and taken for the Use of his Majesty, some Doubt may possibly arise, whether every Particular of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which are described in the said Commissioners Decrees, and valued by the said respective Juries, are to be taken and paid for by his Majesty, appears by the said recited Acts to have been intended to have been comprised in the said Act of Parliament ‘ respectively 5 and also whether there are not some small Particulars in the said Counties of Kent and Essex, comprised, or appearing to have been intended to be comprised, in the said Acts, or one of them,

which are not described in the said Commissioners Decrees, nor have been valued by the said respective

Juries aa to be taken and paid for by his Majesty;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, in order to prevent any Inconvenience which may arise by means of any such Doubt, That all and every the Particulars of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which have been, in and by the said recited Decrees, or any of them, or the Verdicts therein respectively mentioned, valued as to be taken and paid for by his Majesty, and all Appurtenances thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts, shall, from and immediately after such Time as the Value thereof shall be paid by the Officers of the Ordnance, as aforesaid, be, and the same are hereby vested in his Majesty, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, unalienable, as mentioned in the said recited Acts with regard to the Particulars comprised therein, with respect to the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Kent and EJ[ex% notwithstanding any Inaccuracy in the Description thereof in the said recited Acts of Parliament, or either of them; and that all and every the Particulars of the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Kent and Essex^ or either of them, comprised in the said recited Acts of Parliament, or either of them, which (it any) are not valued in or by the said recited Verdicts and Decrees therein mentioned, or one of them, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act and for ever thereafter, be, remaio, and continue, veiled in such Persons or

9

of the 6Id Elf. laberh Gordon'# Estate for Life in the said Lend, Scc. to be paid to the Deputy Remembrancer. «rc.

The Interests of the said Elizafbeth Gordon, and the other Claimant!, preferred.

Upon the Deitfe

or Removal of the King*! Remembrancer, alt Mortgages, &c. vested in him by this Act shall vest io hit Successor, &c.

If the King’* Remembrance* shall hereafter execute hil Of. fice in Person, then the Tinftt and Powers hereby vested in the Deputy shall vest in the said Remembrancer.

Method of Procedure where tha proper Person shall neglect to take any Debenture till alter April l6, IjSlt

All Mtfliisget, &c.

which have been va’u-d 10 be taken for His Majesty, ftia‘l» immediately after the Office of the OHnaftre have paid for rbc Lroe, be vested in his Majesty; and a)i those comprised in tht recittJ Acts, wh ch are not valu'd, fliaM, from tht passing

10

of this Act, rc-m in vested in the forir.er Pro* prictors thereof,

J.ifrhaMon of Action:.

General IHue*

Treble Coff3,

'Preamble#

From the passing of this Act till March 35, 1782, Merchant Ships, &c. may be navigated by Three-fourths foreign Seamen.

This Act not to retrain any Royal Proclamation to be made pursuant to an Act 13 ' Geo»Il«

[Preamble.]

Recital of an Act 13 Geo. H»

C. 11, 12. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Person, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and to, for, upon, under, and subject to* such Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Conditions, and Rcltritifions, as the same would have been if the said recited Acts, or either of them, had not been made; any Thing herein, or in the said Acts, or either of them, contained, to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the af JteDid recited Acts, or any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action and Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after |he Cause of such Action or Suit shall have arifcri, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in all such Actions and Suits may plead the General lllue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was d.me in pursuance of the said Acts, or one of them, or in pursuance of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, then, and in either of such Cales, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Veroict Hull be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuittd, or Idler a Discontinuance after the Defe ndant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon any Demurrer, ju* gment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants; in each of the Cases afore (a id the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Luuidaius hath or have for recovering Costs in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

FOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels;’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and JKmporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Tin:, from and after me passing of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of AAn/*, one thousand even hundred and cghty-ttvo, and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or VdDL, which shall be on their Voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eig!?ty-two, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized Subjects, so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Manners do not exceed Three-fourms of tee Mariners at any one lime employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other Trad in; Ship or Vei-e!, and that One fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed, be at all d imes Natives, or his Majesty's naturalized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas, saved and excepted), one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majest King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasaig of Shipping and ±S ligation, or any other Statute or Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or retrain the Effect of any such Royal Proclamation, as his Majesty, his Hciis and Succtrfiors, are impowered tu nuke by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the baiter Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Mcjcjlys Ships of // ary and on Beard Merchant Ship* and other Trading Ships, and Privateers.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue the Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York.

WHEREAS the Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, has, from long Experience, been found to be very beneficial to the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms; 3nd several Acts of Parliament have been passed, for railing Money for the of enlarging and improving the said Harbour, and the Piers and other Works belonging thereto, particularly an Act, nude in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing and preservin? the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York; by which Act, after reciting that several Duties had been granted by former Acts of Parliament, for the Use of the Did Harbour* and particularly a Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on all Coals laden at Keivccjllc, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, for the Terms thereby limited, there was given and granted an additional Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on all Coals laden at JSeucajUe upon Tyne, or at Sunderland, Blyth, Seatonf.uice, Cullercoatesy or any other Harbour, Colliery, or Place, being, or reputed to be, a Member of the said Port of Neucafie upon Tyne, to be payable from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, for and during, and unto the full End and Term of thirty-one Years: And whereas, in consequence of the Did Acts, the said Harbour hath been greatly improved; for the Performance whereof a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed upon the Credit of the Duties,

A.D. 17#r. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 13, 14. 11

a great Part of which still remains due: And whereas, in order to finish the Repairs now carrying on, and to make the/aid Harbour more extensively useful, it will be necessary to raise a ftiJJ further large Sum of Money; which cannot be done without the further Assistance of Parliament, the said additional 1 Farthing per Chalder on Coals expiring upon the fuss Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said additional Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on Coals, given and granted by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty's Reign, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be continued from the Expiration thereof, upon the said first Day of stine* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for and during the further Term of thirty-one Years: And the said additional Duty hereby continued shall be, and is hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees, and other Persons, and thiir Successors, mentioned and described in the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty; who are hereby declared to have all the different Powers and Authorities, and to be subject to the like Regulations, Provisoes, and Restrictions, for collecting, receiving, recovering, and being pofftffed of the said additional Duty, and for mortgaging, aligning, laying out, and expending the lame, and the Money to arise therefrom, in repaying the present Works of the said Harbour and Piers, and in doing and constructing such other Works as shall f*om Time to Time be found necessary for the Benefit of the said Harbour, as are given,

granted, prescribed, reciced, and enacted, by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty, with respect to the said additional Duty thereby granted., as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act, and the Powers and Provisions therein contained, recited and enforced, had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences in and about obtaining and passing this Act, shall, as soon as the lame can be conveniently done, be paid out of the Monies already raised by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, or out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially raken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Perforrs whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Duty further cmtin'ie<i for* 31 Vcais,.

F»p-nces of Act how to be paid.

Public Act.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum by way of Annuities, and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain Annuities, which were made one joint Stock by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

[Preamble.]

u 12,0c o,otfc /. to be raised by Annuities, and 480,000l. by a Lottery. Contributors to the Sum of 1 .,co ,000l. to be intitled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon the Sinking Fund. Contributors shall be intitled to one Quarter’s Annuity, at 4 A per Cent, from Jan. to April 1781;. M and from that Time shall be paid half-yearly. Every Contributor of 1,000A shall, upon Payment of " 4oL more, be intitled to four Lottery Tickets. Preamble; reciting, that Books have been opened at the I3ank, and Depf.fits made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who havemidc Dcpolns, p-irfuant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at ce.tain Times speciffed. Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for all Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Subscriptions*

shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subscribers to the 12,000,000l. intitled to Annuities of 14 3 i per Cent.; and also to an Annuity of 4l. per Centboth payable half yearly. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, See. Castler of the Bank to give Receipts to Contributors for Money received; which shall be assignable. Cashier to give Security, to the good Liking of the Comn.ilftoners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to app'y the Money paid in by the Cashier. A Book to be provided in the Accountant-general’s Office, in which Contributors Names shall be entered, tfe. After Contributors shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will be intitled to receive the Annuities granted by this " Act; white, ill all be Tax-free, Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the Public. A> -oon as Contributors have completed their Payments, the Sums subscribed shall, in the Books of th. Bmk, be placed to their Credit. Annuities charged on the Sinking Fond. Governor,

44 L'e. of lire d ank, to appoint a Chief Cashier. and Accountant-general. Monies to be issued at the c< Exchequ to the Chief Cashier, for Payment of Annuities created determined by this AdE Accountant-general to examine Receipts and P yments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate. Books to be kept by the 4< Accountin' general, whe’An shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced on this AcK Method of Cc transfer - ing. Pencils p^lfiff d of S;ock may devise the same by Will, C’c. Commissioners of the 4< Treafu / unpowered 10 defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. The 3. " per Cen Annuities gr n-ted by this Act, shall be added to the 3 per Cent Consols. transferable at the Bank. The per Cent. Annuities granted by this Ac>, shall be added to the same Fund as the t per

C i

12 C. 14, 15. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

[Proviso.]

Cents, granted by the Lottery Act of last Year. The Bank to continue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities 480,000l. to be raised by a Lottery; the Prises whereof to be paid out of any bupplies granted this Session. Guardians having the Disposal of Infants Money, may contribute to the Loan, 44 Uc Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Loiteiy Books. Ticket. Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the fame. Cashiers to return the Bocks, with the undisposed Tickes, with an Account of Monies paid in Undisposed T ickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle Column* to be rolled up and fattened with Thread or Silk: and cut off indentwise into a Box marked with the Letter (A). Box to be locked up, and feahd. Bo -ks to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 4^0:0 Tickets are to be prinreJ. The Number and Value of the For- tunate Tickets. 500l. to each First-drawn Ticket of the hilt six Days; 1, 00l. to ditto the second six Days 5 2,000l. to ditto the 15th and r;th Days; 3,000l. to ditto the 1 Srh and icth Days; and :,cce/. 44 to the Last-drawn Tickets < f the last mentioned Books to be rolled up and lied. Public NVice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 15, 1781. Method to be observed in drawing, Uc. Number of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be piinted. 44 Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers. Penalty on forging Tickets, Uc Offenders (not in Pnfmj discovering Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and co/. Reward. Managers to be fsvoin. The Oath. Cattiicr may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the fame; which shall intitle the Bearer to a Picket for ev?ry 10l. so paid. Contributois not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit thvir Dcpofns with itfpc£t to tly Lottery; and the Tickets for such Sums to be delivered info the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, Uc. as they shall think fit. Limitation of the Sdc of Chances, Uc. 44 Penalty. Office keepers, Uc. selling Shares in Tickets of which they are not p TK fled, forfeit 500l. 44 and suffer three Months Imprisonment. After April 5, 17S1, no Pei fun to kerp a Lottery-office uith- out a Licence. Each Licence to cost 50l.; and shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two Managers. Licence to set forth the Name of the Person taking out the fi.nvi, Uc. and to continue in .«< Force for one Year. Persons keeping any Office contrary to this A:T, rc> forfeit »oo/. Produce of the Duty on Licences to be applied towards defraying the Expences of the Lottery. No Pe/ions to fell *4 any Share of a Ticket less than a Sixecnth, on Penalty of o/. Penalty on Persons promising to pay any Money upon any Chance relating to the drawing of the Lottery, contrary to this Act No Bufi- r.efs to be transacted at any Lottery-office between Fight in the Evening and Fight the next Morning. 44 Exception. Two Justices may summon Offenders against this Act, and, on Proof of the Offence* 'x4 convict them in Penalties, Uc. If Penalties are not immediately paid, they may be levied by Distress. 44 On Failure of Distress, Offender to be committed. Any Person foging a Licence shall foileit 500l. 44 Uc. Commissioners of the Treasury to establish an Office in London, and to appoint a Person to con« 44 dust the Business thereof; with whom all Tickets, before they are divided into Shares or Chances, shall be deposited. All Shares to be stamptd by the Officer, who shall give a Receipt for every Ticket deposited with him. Form of Receipt. All Tickets deposited in the Office, to remain there three Days after drawing. The Numbers of all'Pickets deposited in the Office to be entercJ in a Book, with the Names of the Owners, and the Number of Shares info which they are divided, id for each Share to be paid to the Officer on depositing Tickets in the Office; who ff.all therewith pay all Expences incident to the Office. Penalty on selling any Share or Chance of a Ticket without a Stamp, Application thereof. Penalty on forging or altering Receipts, or uttering the same with a fraudulent Intention. No Person shall keep any Office for the Sale of Tickets, Uc in Oxford or Cambridge, on Penalty of *0l. Offenders may be prosecuted in the Vice-chancelloi’s Court. Forfeitures may be levied by Distress. Proceeding not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient Surety is given to pro- fecute the same with Effect, Uc This Act not to prejudice the Privileges and Jurisdictions of the Mayor, Uc* of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland against British Acts for preventing unlawful Lotteries, made punishable. Penalties may be sued for in Dublin. T he 41-0,0zol. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session; and shall be paid ro the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March t, 1782, Uc, Managers to give Notice of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates, Certificates to be numbered, Uc. and signed, Uc. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, or for any Receipts, Uc. on Penalty of of* Recital of an Act 2 Geo. III. The per Cent. Annuities which ttand reduced to per Cent. from Jan.

4i 1781, shall, with the Consent of the Proprietors, from April 5, be consolidated with the old 3 per Cents. Reduced. Proprietors not declaring their Dissent before Alarch 20, 1781, shall be deemed to assent to such Consolidation. Persons sued in Execution of this Act may plead the General Issue, and recover

TrcMe£o&-"

frea m*Jt*

CAP. XV.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council, dated the twentieth Day of *, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, was pleased to order that General Reprisals be granted * against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of the States General of the United Provinces; and that as well

all his Majesty's Fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that shall be commissionated by 4 Letters of Marque or General Reprisals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commissioners for executing Ihc Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, fiiail and may lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. 0,15,16. 13

Goods, belonging to the States General of the United Provinces, or their Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the States General of the United Provinces, and bring the same to Judg- ment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty's Dominions: Now, for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of his Majesty's Ships of War, and the Officers and Seamen of all other

British Ships and Vessels having Commissions and Letters of Marque,* and for inducing all British Seamen who may be in any foreign Service to return into this Kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty; and for the more effectual securing and extending the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects be it Prizes rm<*r t>y ^enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi- the* n*vsh!;*r ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on s!^\cenc:/iIf Board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, shall have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandises, which they have taken since the twentieth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or shall hereafter take during the Continuance of Hostilities against the States General of the United Provinces, after the same shall have been finally adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere; to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty hath, by his Proclamation of the twenty-seventh Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit co order and direct by Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be issued for those Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels,

Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, and Merchandizes whatsoever, with all their Furniture,

7'ackle, or Apparel, taken or to be takm, during the Continuance of Hostilities against the States General of the United Provinces, by or with any private Owner or Owners, Ship or Vessel, according to any Commission or Letter of Marque granted, or to be granted, as herein after is set forth, by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them iru-powered and appointed (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty as aforesaid), shall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the Owner and Owners of such Ship or Vessd, and the several Persons who shall be on Board the same, and be aiding and 2ffifling to the taking thereof, in such Share and Proportion as shall be agreed on with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agents or Fadors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons that shall be thus intitled thereto by virtue of such Agreements among themselves 5 and that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Admiral, Vice-adiniial, Governor, or other Person commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel being the Captor of such Prize, Ship, or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandizes, and the Person claiming under him or them, shall be intitled to any Part or Share thereof 5 any Custom, Statute, or other Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by two Acts made in the nineteenth and twentieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, the one intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and e/feSiual

ihc Uni en Province*, to be divided letween the Castoff, in the ProDortiCri* by his Mj ic 1;y already oujrred, or to be hr re-after ordered, by 1 roclanut'on.

Prir!* nr de by P iv^Utrs to be divided between the CN'iuts Captors, accord.nji t'> private Contrast.

Provisiont *a 19 Geo. III.an-1

and Regularions were established for the better carrying on the salutary Purposts by the said Acts intended in the Prosecution of Hostilities against France and Spain \ be it therefore enacted by the Autho- Cap- e7-f rity aforesaid, That the several Regulations and Provisions respecting the Grant of Commissions or Letters fo‘ of Marque, the Persons acting, and the Captures made, ur.der the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of Marque, and all other Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Acts,

shall extend, and be construed and deemed to extend, to the Grant of Commissions or Letters of Marque to the Persons adfing, and the Captures made, under the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of Marque for General Reprisals against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the States General of the United Provinces, and all other Matters or Things whatsoever, in respect of the same, during the Continuance of Hostilities against the States General of the United Provinces, as fully, amply, and effeduailv, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, already taken, or which shall be taken as Prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of his Majesty's Dominions, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to the Rtftridions or Regulations to which the same now are or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for repealing the Discounts and Abatements upon certain foreign Goods; and for granting additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by virtue of the seventeenth Rule in the Book of Rates, which is referred to, and

W made Part of an Act of Parliament, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Recital of Jie Second, intituled, ASuhfidygranted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and ether Sums of Money pay- Ru,<r‘u be

\able

*3;

pro'etuiing Hostilities api-inst France and Spain, extended to Letters nf Marque, Arc. for General K epr'zjls against the United Pre-v nic*.

Pr!?e Goodi liable to Payment of Cuf-

X,aWe C9ik sf *U6»,

*4

Afar April $.

1 n<ily all Dil-counts allowed on foreign Goods imported shall ta(rt and the lull Unties be p.id in ready Money:

Except for East India Goods, the Duties on which shall be regularly paid as herein prefer) bed

Certain other Allowances to* which this Act Attli not extend.

The additional Duty of 5 per Cent, granted by »n Act in 19 Geo. III. &c. stall be computed upon the gross Duties*

A Repeal of such Part of any Acts as relates to the Importer of Tobacco giving Bond for the Duties, &c.

From April 5, 1781, the following new Du ties to be paid to his Majesty, on Jnr.portat.on,

>ia.

C. 16. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

able upon Merchandize exported and imported, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament which are nowin Force, certain Discounts or Abatements are m.uie and allowed to Merchants out of the Dutits of Customs payable upon foreign Goods imported into this Kingdom, and for prompt Payment of (cveral of the said Duties upon certain Goods so imported; And whereas the making fui h Discounts is liable to great Error in the Computation of the said Duties, which rruy tend to the Prejudice of the public Revenue, and occasion great Trouble and Perplexity to the Merchants trading to this K:ngd< m: To the End therefore that the Duties may he cohered in a more plain and simple Manner, and the Merchants may more readily know what Duties they are obbued to pay, and the Ctncers of the Revenue what they ought to charge, it is expedient that the said Discounts and Abatements should in future he dif- pmuinued may ir there sole please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with Che Advice and Consent of the Leu s Spiritual and Temporal, and Common5?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, f»om anc afte r the fifth Day of Apnl, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, ad Dd ounts or Abatements, which, by virtue of the herein-before recited Rule, or by virtue and in pursuance of any Act or A:!s of Par lament now in Force, are made and allowed in the Computation of any Subfi iy, Impost, or other Duty of Customs, payable for any foreign Goods imported into this Kingdom, or for the prompt Payment of any such D uties, shall cease, determine, and be no longer made or allowed; and the full Duties due and payable for such Goods shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Difaunt or Deduction u h.it oever* except in the Cases herein after particularly menHoned and provided; any Law, Custom, or UDgv, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall rot extend, or be coi Itrued ro extend, to discontimic or repeal the Allowances made to the United Company* of Merchants trading to the East Indies, for Charges of Sale, and pron pt Payment, by viirucof an Act passed in the second and third Veuis of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting :o her AIu-jesty an additional SuHidy of Torn: rye and Poundage for three Years; and for laying a fu> tier Duty *-:>on Fiencil D ines condemned as Prize', and for ujeertainino the I nines of unrated Goods ins erted from ire E.-ft lnd.es; provided the Duties on unrated East India Goods, sold at the Company’s Sates. Hull he paid within tlute Months from the Termination of such bale respectively; that is to lay. In case the Duties < n the Alaub Sale, in each and every Year, shall be paid on or before the first Day of Dtuem'^r then next to.h wing; and the Duties on the Scptnider Saie, in each Year, on or before the first Day <r Ju >e next following such Sales; but on Failure of Payment of the said Duties within the Times herein limited, the find Discounts and Allowances shall not be made for or on Account of any Goods sold at such rap* ct.ve Sales.

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act flud not extend, or be construed to extend, to the usual Allowances of twelve Pounds per Centum for Leak ;ge, on Wines imported into this Kingdom, by virtue of the eighth Rule in the hetore-recited Boi k of Rafts; nor to any Allowance for Damage on Goods received in the Course of the Voyage, under the (ever 1 Regulations and Rcftrctions such Allowances are made by any Act or Acts of Parliament n< w in Force; nor to the usual Discount or Allowance upon Bonds for the Duties on Tobacco, which fh.-U be wait-housed in pursuance of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Tobacco Trade.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Imped or Diry of five Pounds per Centum, granted by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Rdgn of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Madefy additional Duties uf on the Pr-rdae of tie j.vcuu Dat es under the Management of the respective Comrr.ijponers of the Cuferns and Excise in Great lEium, or by any subsequent Act of Parliament now in Force, shall be computed, collected, and paid, upon the is Duties which shall accrue and become due and payable, alter the Difiour.ts or Abatements herein-rtfoiC mentioned shall cease and be determined.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth D.»y

of April, one thouLnd seven hundred and eighty-one, so much of an Act, n ade in the nin*h Yeu of ms late M a jesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for enabling I is to put the Cu.dm is of (heat

Britain under the Management of one or more Comm if tons; and for better Juurr an I ode: turan g the i hides on Tobacco', and to prevent Frauds in exporting Tobacco, and other Goods and sAerd.audirn, or ua t yir. ? the same coaf wife \ and so much of any other Act or Acts of Parliament new in Free, as ula'ts to the Importer giving Bond, with one or mere Securities, for the Duties on Tobacco, (bail re, md the Lme js and are hereby repealed; and in case the full Duti $ on Tobacco Dali he paid down in ready M' ik y at the Time of Entry, the Impost of five Pounds per Centum, granted by the herein-before mentioned Act made in the nineteenth \ ear of his present Majesty's Reign, shall not be collected or paid on such Duties To paid down; but if such Tobacco shall be warehoused, and the Importer’s own Pr rd given for the Duties thereon, pursuant to the before-mentioned Act made in the twAlth YcarMAhe RA':i i Qjetn Anne, or of any other Act of Parliament, then, and in such (JA'*, ten l\ mvbs per Cccu-'i shall be vnurg' ri and’ colledM upon the grois Amount of the Duties for such Tobacco, iniirad of the five P* unds fir C.: turn for the said Impost, granted by the before-mentioned Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted for defraying his Majesty's public Epvnces, from and after the fifth Du> ot April, u.e thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, over and above all other hubfiniies, Duties, i^nd I-npoiition^ whatfrever, due and p.iyable to his Majesty by any Act or Acts of Paibament now in i orce, tlu*:e shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several accm nai Rates and Duties and Impofilions following, without any Discount or Deduction whatsoever; that is

to by> I r

AUl

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco, imported into Great Britain, one Penny and three Farthings:

For every Hundred Weight of Sugar, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, imported into Great Britain, four Shillings and eight Pence; and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Goods respectively*

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duties herein before granted shall be also subject and liable to an additional Import or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations (except where any Alteration is made by this Act)i as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum is granted to his Majesty by the before-mentioned Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his Reign.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties herein-before granted shall not be charged and paid for or on account of any Prize Goods, or other Goods, which shall be secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the Proprietors of such Goods, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, unless and until such Goods shall be taken out of the Warehouses wherein they are so secured, to be consumed or used in this Kingdom.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties and Impositions herein-before granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as the former Duties now payable to his Majesty upon such Articles respectively are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all Interns and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and the fame-shall be under the Direction and Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and their Officers for the Time being, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs in England, and shall be by him paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in the following Manner; that is to say. The said additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar shall be paid in, distinct and apart from all other Morins which such Receiver-general shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Utes and Purposes in this Act mentioned; and the Money arising by or on account of the several Discounts and Abatements by this Act repealed,-shall be paid in as Part of the feve-ralDuties from which they were deducted before the passing of this Act; and the additional Imports of five Pounds per Centum and ten Pounds per Centum respectively upon the Duties granted by this Act, together with the said additional Impost of five Pounds* Centum upon any other Duties of Customs, granted by any Act of Parliament made since the passing of the before-mentioned Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall he paid in together as Part of the said Impost granted by that Act, under the Title and Description of The Impo/i &r.e thousand seven hundred and seveniy-nine; any Law, Custom, or TJfage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for all Sugar imported into Great Britain, after the said fifth Day of ApriU one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, which shall have paid the Duty herein-before granted, and shall be afterwards refined in this Kingdom, and exported into foreign Parts, after the fifth Day of juiy, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, in the Loaf, and whole, being net, the Exporter shall be allowed a Bounty or Drawback of eleven Shillings and six Pence for every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, of such Sugar; and for every one hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, of all refined Sugars, called Bastards, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar, broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy which shall be so exported, after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, there shall be allowed a Drawback, or Bounty, of five Shillings and four Pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Sugars respectively, over and above all other Bounties or Drawbacks allowed by Law for the fame; and from and after the fifth Day of Jpril, one thousand seven hu^red and eighty-on^, the Whole of the additional Duty paid for Sugar, if not refined in Great Britain, and the Whole of the additional Duty paid for Tobacco, together with the several and respective Imports of five Pounds per Centum, and ten Pounds per Centum respectively, paid in pursuance of this Act, shall, in like Manner, be drawn back and repaid, upon the Exportation of the Goods; which said Bounties and Drawbacks shall be respectively paid and allowed in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Oaths, Powers, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as the former Bounties or Drawbacks payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of the like Goods was or might be legally paid before the passing of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies to arise by the Duties granted by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, and shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

On Tobacco, one Penny three Farthings per Pound:

On Sugar, 4s.

8 d, per Hundred Weight, The said Duties to be subject to the additional 5 per Cent, granted by 19 Geo. III. Cap. 15.

The new Duties not to be paid for Goods ware-housed for Exportation, dec.

The said Duties to be collected and paid, See. at the former Duties on such Articles;

and to be under the Management of the Commissioner« of the Customs# Directions for paying the Duties into the Exchequer.

Drawbacks to te allowed cm Exportation of Su» gars imported after April 5, 1781, and afterwards refined in this Kingdom* Loaf Sugar whole, Bastards, Loaf in Pieces, &c«

Monies arising by this Act to be paid into the Exchequer, &c«

*6 C. 17, 18. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Britain.

[Preamble*

WE^ your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

From April 5, t?Si, there shall be charged an additional Duty of 5 per Cent, on the Amount of *)l Excise Duties now payable to his Majesty (except as after excepted): To be levied and recovered ss the {inner Duties,

This Act not to extend to Beer, Malt, Sope, Candler, Hides, Or Skins, brewed or manufactured in Great Britain; nor to charge the A-Imuot of the Duties of 5 per Cens. and t$ per Cent, on the Prtd'ice of Excise Dufiej,

grantH determined by tq Geo. III. Op.

J and 20 Geo. III. Cap. JS a"J All Monies arising by this Ail to be paid separately into the Exchequer, and carrvd to the Sinking Fund*

Fmmble,

1* G^.Iir, C#p. 59*

iq Geo. III.

C»p.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's n

assembled, towards raising, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional Duty herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of Airily one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, there shall be charged, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* an additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Charges (except as herein after is excepted), now payable to his Majesty, and which are charged and collected under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland; which said additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum, hereby impeded* shall and may from Time to Time be charged, raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and Aibjeft to such Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions* as the several and respective Inland Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Charges, on the Produce and Amount of which the said additional Duty and Charge is hereby imposed, are or can, by any Statute now in Force, be respectively charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back* as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the several Powers, Authorities* Directions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers of Mitigation, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum, the Produce or Amount of the Duties on Beer, Malt, Sope, Candles, Hides, or Skins, brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or dressed, within Great Britain 5 or to charge with the said Duty the Produce or Amount of the several Duties of five Pounds flrr Centum, and fifteen Pounds per Cent urn9 respectively imposed upon the Produce of the several Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain); and by two several other Acts made in the twentieth Year of his said present Majesty's Reign (the one intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low I Vines and Spirits male

for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or selling cj, Ccjfce, Tea, or Chocolate; the other intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets); any Thing henin-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies to arise by the additional Duty granted by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall Irom Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer ar IVe/hninster, distin.-t iy and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue, and shall be carried to, and spade Part of, the Fund* commonly called The Sinking Fund.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein mentioned.

WHEREAS it is highly expedient for the public Service, that the several Regiments and Corps of Militia should be made and kept as complete as possible during the Course of the ensuing Campaign: And whereas the Time of ballotting for many Regiments and Corps, or Parts of Regiments and Corps, wifi happen between the Months of March and December next ensuing, whereby such Re- giments and Corps will, during that Period, be very much weakened and rendered unfit for Service: And whereas the Provisions in two Acts of Parliament, one made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the La%us relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations with re- fieft to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men dir eft ed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned \ and the other made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amende and render more effectual, the several Laws non* in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencibli Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; which were intended to prevent* in some Degree,

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. 0,19. 17

this Inconvenience, have been found infufKcient :* For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and.Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and colonel*, &c. of immediately after the passing of this Act, the Colonels and Commandants of the several Regiments and Militia, in whose Corps of Militia, in which Regiments or Corps the Time of Service of any private Militia Men will ex- Regimenta the pire between the first Day of April and the first Day of December next ensuing, shall, and they are hereby Time of Scrwiu respectively required forthwith to apply, in the Manner directed by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of P.r‘V4tc. his present Majesty, to every such private Man, and to inquire if he is willing to continue his Service for a between April'1! further Term of three Years, and for what Sum or Price he shall be so willing to continue it, if re- aftdDec.

qutred. t are to inquire of

every such Man if he is willing to continue his Service for a further Term of three Yeart«

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Colonel and Commandant of every such Regiment and Corps of Militia, shall, and he is hereby required, forthwith to return a List as well of such private Militia Men as are willing to continue so to serve, as of all others whose Times of Service will expire between the first Day of April and the first Day of December next ensuing, to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County or Riding to which such Regiment or Corps shall respectively belong, in like Manner as is directed by the said recited Acts, or either of them; and all Clerks of General Meetings, Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and all other Persons concerned, are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon the Receipt of such Lifts, forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper Men to serve in the Militia, in the Place of those whose Times will expire as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to execute all the Powers and Directions given by the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament respecting the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, as if all the Clauses, Provilum*, Powers, Matters, and Things, contained in any of the said Acts relating to the Premises, were repeated and re-enacted in the‘Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Militia Men shall be ballotted for and sworn in, in the Manner herein-before directed, the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings respectively shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and transmit a List of the Names and Places of Abode of such Militia Men to the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment or Corps of Militia to which they shall belong; and every Colonel or Commandant of such Regiment or Corps of Militia is and are hereby authorised from Time to Time to discharge of those Men whole Times will soonest expire, a Num-,ber equal to those who are ballotted for and sworn in, and in Readiness to join his Regiment or Corps, so as to keep his Regiment or Corps as complete as may be during the Period before mentioned.

Colonels, &c. u return Lift* of such Men who are willing to continue, Sec. to the Clerks of the General Meetings j which Clerks, Deputy Lieutenants, Scc. are forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper Men to serve in Read of those whose Times will expire as aforesaid. Cl'rk* of Subdivision Meelingt to fend Lists of the Names, &c. of Militia Men sworn in to the Commandant of the Corps to which they belong, Ac,

CAP. XIX.

An Act to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom or Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, navigated with foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles

the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it is Recital of the amongst other Things enacted, That no Sort of Flax shall be imported into England, IrelandWales, or Navigation Act 4 Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but in such as do 12 Cir*

truly, and without Fraud, belong to the People thereof, or some of them, as the true Owners and Pro- prietors thereof, and whereof the Matter and Three-fourths of the Mariners at lead are English, except only such foreign Ships or Vessels as are of the Built of that Country or Place of which the said Goods are the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods can only be, or most ^usually are, first shipped for Transportation, and whereof the Matter, and Three- fourths of the Mariners at lead, are of the said County or Place, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Ship and Goods: And whereas it is expedient, during the present Hostilities, to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom and Ireland, in foreign neutral Ships or Vessels, although such Ships or Vessels are not of the Built of the Country or Place of which such Flax or Flax Seed is the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or of the Part where such Flax or Flax Seed can only be, or most usually hath been, first shipped for Transportation / be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and From April - after the twentieth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and during the present i7*»*durins^e Hostilities, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom of Great Britain, or Ireland, any Sort of Flax or Flax Seed, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or maybeim-State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by foreign Seamen, from any Port or

ported into Great

Place whatsoever, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Britain or ire-and Restrictions, in all Respects, as such Flax and Flax Seed would, by any Law in Force, have been, and in Vessels subject and liable to if the same had been imported in foreign Ships or Vessels of the Built of the Country stite or Place of which such Flax or Flax Seed was the Growth, Production, or Manufacture; any Thing in w*,th h?s Millie before-recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding. jesty, &c.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

18

C. 20—-22s

[Preamble.]

Recital of the General Turn* pike Act it Geo. III.

The itdffd Act, except such Parts as have been repealed, Arc. extended to all Road Act made since the oafling thereof, &c.

Preamble#

CAP. XX.

An Act for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads subsequent to the passing of the said Act.

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether the Provisions contained in an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes), were meant and intended to extend to such Acts of Parliament as shall be made for repairing particular Turnpike Roads subsequent to the patting of the said recited Act :* For obviating such Doubts for the future, be it declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions, Directions, Matters, and Things, contained in the said recited Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which have not been varied, altered, or repealed, by any subsequent Acts of Parliament (except so much thereof as gives an additional Term of five Years to Acts for repairing particular Turnpike Roads), were and are meant and intended, and shall be deemed, construed, and taken, to extend to all Acts of Parliament which have been made since the Time of the patting of the said recited Act, and which shall hereafter be made, for amending and repairing any particular Turnpike Roads within that Part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River called Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn to its Junction with the River Glen at a Place called Tongue End, in the County of Lincoln.

WHEREAS the River called Bourn Eau, in the Parish of Bourn, in the Parts of Ke/seven, in the County of Lincoln, hath of late Years been so choaked up with Mud and other Obstructions, that the Navigation thereon is nearly loft: And whereas if the said Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn aforesaid to its Junction with the River Glen, at a Place called Tongue End, was properly fcourtd, cleansed, and deepened,' and a Staunch and other Works erected for the Improvement of the Navjgauon thereof, it would be of great local Advantage, and of public Utility 5 but as such Works cannot be carried on without the Aid and Authority of Parliament j’ be it enacted, &V.

Trustees appointed for making navigable the River Bourn Eau- Trustees may appoint an Agent or Deputy. Trustees to be sworn. Persons acting not being qualified, to forfeit $c /. Trustees incapable of acting while holding any Office. The Trustees, or any five of them, authorised to make Bye* laws, Orders, idc. and to impose Fines for the Breach of them. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter- Session. Orders to be entered in a Book. No Order of the Trustees to be revoked unless Two-thirds 41 of the Trustees present shall consent thereto. Trustees to act only at a Meeting; and to be indemnified Expences incurred in the Performance of this Act. Trustees may appoint Officers, and allow them Salaries. Accounts to be kept in a Book. Officers refusing to account, or deliver Books, &c to be committed. Pastures liable to the Repairs of the Banks of Bourn Eau and The Glen, to be discharged therefrom, upon paying the Trustees Go A per Ann. The 60l. per Ann. vested in the Trustees, with Di- reftions how to be applied. In case of Neglect to repair the Banks by the Trustees, the Owners of the Lands may apply the 60 A for that Purpose; and, when repaired, the Management, and the (0l. to revert to the Trustees. Pastures liable to the Repairs of the Banks of Bourn Eau and The Glen to be 14 discharged therefrom, upon paying the Trustees 40s. per Ann. The 40 j. per Ann. verted in the Trustees. In case of Neglect by the Trustees to repair the Banks, the Owners mav apply the 40 s. for that Purpose. Tenants may deduct Money paid by them out of their Rents. Trustees not obliged to maintain the Banks against Tongue End. Haling-way to be and remain upon the South Bank. Property of the Works vested in the Trustees. If Bridges are erected, which obstruct the Navigation, they may be removed. Trustees to make good the Foundation of Bridges, if damaged by them. Tolls to be paid;

For every Ton of Goods, Wares, or Commodities whatsoever, two Shillings and Sixpence; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Weight than a Ton. Rafts to pay Tolls, the same as if the Wood was conveyed in Boats. Pleasure-boats, or Boats laden with Materials for repairing the Banks, tdc.

exempted from Toll. Tolls, fcfr. verted in the Trustees, for the Purposes of this Act. Tolls may be mortgaged. Mortgages deemed personal, and to be entered in Books. Interest to be regularly paid y 44 if not, Tolls to rest till paid. Persons to make good their Subscriptions. Notice to be given of borrowing Money. Trustees may lefien the Tolls with Consent of Creditors. The Navigation shall be

6 r\ iconic*"'

U

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 23, 24.

free. Persons having the Charge of Vessels, to give an Account in Writing of the Weight of Goods therein. Boats to be measured and marked. Penalty on obstructing thereof. Matters of Boats to be €< answerable for Damages done by their Crews. Boatmen obstructing Passage, to be liable to the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding 40 x. or less than 5 s. to be recovered by Distress. Vessels sunk, to be weighed up. Owners to have their Names on the Outside of Boats. Persons not legally imitled, driving Carriages on the Banks, to forfeit any Sum not exceeding 40 s. or less than 10 s. Matters of Vessels and other Persons punimable for doing wilful Damage to Works. Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered by Distress. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter-Sessions. Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form. Distress not unlawful for Want of rorm. Trustees may act as Justices. Writings to be without Stamps- The Commissioners of the Black Sluice, and the Adventurers of Deep- ing Fen% their Rights saved. Also the Right of taking Water out of Bourn Eau and River Glen.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for laying Duties upon Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, certain Duties were laid on all Paper made in Great Britain, according to the several and particular Rates and Values therein enumerated, and other Duties were imposed after the Rate of twelve Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Paper so made as aforesaid, and not particularly charged in the said Act; and by one other Act, made in the twelfth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, a further Rate and Duty was laid on the said Papers; all which said several Rates and Duties were to be charged, levied, and paid, in Manner as by the said Acts are particularly directed and expressed, and which said Acts are by subsequent Acts continued and made perpetual: And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the several and respective Rates and Duties so charged upon Paper, by the said Acts particularly enumerated, are not proportionate to the true Value of such Papers; and that the Value of the other Papers rateable by the said Acts, and not therein particularly

charged, sworn to, or affirmed by the Makers thereof, and according to which the Duties thereon are

charged and payable, have been very unequal, some Persons greatly undervaluing the same, whereby great Frauds and Abuses have been committed, to the Detriment of the Revenue, and Injury of the fair Trader: Now, for the remedying of the said Abuses, and to prevent like Frauds, and to the Intent that all Paper-makers may be on an equal Footing; we, your Majesty's faithful Commons, in Parliament assembled, do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice- and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the several Rates and Duties upon Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, and Scaleboards, given and granted by the said Acts made in the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and which have been since continued and made perpetual (except so much of the said Duties as are imposed by the said Acts upon Paper to be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to ferye for Hangings, and other Uses), shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any Thing in the before-mentioned Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And to the Intent that no Failure or Deficiency may accrue or happen, in the respective Funds to which the Duties upon Paper by this Act determined were appropriated and applicable, by the Deter- ruination of the said Duties/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu thereof there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Papers, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, which, from and afrer the said twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall be made in Great Britain, the several, and respective Rates and Duties herein after particularly mentioned and described, and cUffed in the several Tables annexed to this Act; that is to say.

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Imperial, of the Value of twb Pounds eleven Shillings*/* Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-two Inches by thirty Inches and a Quarter, nine Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Super Royal, of the Value of one Pound eighteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and a Quarter by twenty-seven Inches and an Half, six Shillings and Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Royal, of the Value of one Pound nine Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and a Quarter by twenty-four Inches, five Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Medium, of the Value of one Pound two Shillings and Six-pence per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches and an Half by twenty-two Inches and an Half, four Shillings;

D* G6t

*9

[Preamble,

Recital of two Acts made In 10 An nr,

and is Ann*.

« 1

From May 21, 1781, the Duties on Paper, Miilb'ard?, &c. granted by the recited Acts, repealed. (Exception.)

New Duties granted in/leai thereof on all Papers, Parte-boarJs, Ac, made in Great Frit»in j videlicet,

Imperil Writing Paper, 9$. per Ream;

Super Royal ditto, 6 s. 9 d. per Ream;

Royal ditto,

5 s. per Ream;

Media ditto, 4 s. per Ream;

gk

to

Demy Writing Paper, St. 9 d. per Ream)

Thick Post ditto, st. 3 d. per Ream,

Thin Post ditto, is. 9d. per Ream;

Small Post ditto, is. 3 d. per Ream$

Pools Cap ditto,

is, 6 d. per Ream;

Pott ditto, I f, per Ream;

Double Atlas, for Writing, or Copper-plate Priming, 1 1.

2os. per Ream; Demy, for ditto, I s. 9 d. per Ream;

Copy, for ditto, a f. per Ream;

Fools Cap. for ditto, lod. per Ream$

Littris Fools Cap. for ditto, Jod. per Ream;

Pott, for ditto, Sfl. per Ream;

Grand Eagle, for ditto, na, per Ream

Cofemhirr, for ditto, 7 s. per Ream

Atlas, ftr ditto (worth 31 ), aos. per Ream;

Atiat, for ditto (wortfc*l.), 6*, 6 d. per Ream;

Small Atlas, for ditto, g a. per Ream;

Imperial, for ditto, 4 a. 9<J. per Ream;

Super Royal, for ditto, 3 s. 6d. per Ream;

Long Royal, for ditto, 3 s. per Ream 5

Royal, for ditto,

it. 6 d, per Ream;

Demy, for ditto, is. gd. jxr Ream;

Short Demy, for ditto, is. 3d, per Ream j

C. 24.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Demy, of the Value of sixteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches and an Half by twenty Inches, two Shillings and Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writine, called Thick Post, of the Value of thirteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches and a Quarter by nineteen inches and an Half, two Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Thin Post, of the Value of ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen inches and a Quartet by nineteen Inches and an Half, one Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Small Post, of the Value of seven Shillings and Six-pence per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of thirteen Inches and an Half by sixteen Inches and an Half, one Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Fools Capy of the Value of nine Shilling*per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of thirteen Inches and an Half by sixteen inch... and three Quarters, one Shilling and Six-pence:

For every Ream of Paper inane in Great Britain for Writing, called Potty of the Value of six Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches and an Half by fifteen Inches and an Half, one Shilling:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Double Atlas, of the Value of fifteen Pounds per beam, 'and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifty-five inches by thirty-one Inches anu an Half, one Pound ten Shillings:

For every Ream or Paper made in Great Britain ior Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Demy, of the Value of twelve Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions ot fifteen Inches and an Half by twenty Inches, one Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Paper madt in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Copy or Bastard, of the Value of seven Shillings and Six-pence per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of sixteen Inches by twenty Inches and a Quarter, one Shilling:

For every Ream of Paper macR in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Fools Cap. of the Value of six Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of thirteen Inches and an Half b> fix'een Inches and three Quarters, Ten-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Littris Fools Cap. of the Value of six Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not excecdi. g the Dimenfi ms of thirteen Inches and an Half by seventeen Inches and an Half, Ten-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, calK d Pott, of the Value of four Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches and an Half by fifteen Inches and an Half, Eight-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Grand Eagle or Double Elephant, of the Value of four Pounds per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding tba Dimensions of twenty-six Inches and three Quarters by forty Inches, eleven Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Colom-bier, of the Value of two Pounds and ten Shillings per Ream, and upward*, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-three Inches and an Half by thirty-four inches and an Half, seven Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Atlas, of the Value of three Pounds per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-six Inches and a Quarter by thirty-four Inches, ten Shillings:

For every Refcm of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Atlas, of the Value of two Pounds per Ream, and upward*, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-six Inches and a Quarter by thirty-four Inches, six Shillings and Six-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Small Atlas, of the Value of one Pound and ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-five Inches by thirty-one Inches, five Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Imperial, of the Value of one Pound and ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-two Inches by thirty Inches and a Quarter, four Shillings and Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Super Royal, of the Value of one Pound and five Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and aQuarter by twenty-seven Inches and an Half, three Shillings and Six-pence: For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Long Royal, of the Value of one Pound per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-seven Inches and an Half by eighteen Inches, three Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Royal, of the Value of eighteen Shilling* per R:am, and upward, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and a Quarter determined by twenty-tour Tp< ;i, twe hillings and Six-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in f.re. t BritC.n for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Demy, of the Value of thirteen Smiling* per R *; d upward*, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches by twenty-two Inches, one Sirin. % and > int pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Priming, called Short Demy or Courts, of the Value of nine Sfvlh/gs per Ream, and upwards, nor exceeding the Dimensions of fourteen Inches by twenty Inches and a Quarter, or of fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, one Shilling and Three pence:

For

21

A.D. 1781. Anno

viceumo pnmo

per Ream \ Piper for Bank Notes, Set. 2 s. per Ream;

Printing Double Demy, 5*. 6d« per Bundle j

Printing Royal, 35. 6d, pejr Bundle j

Printing Royal Inferior, 2 s. per Bundle j

Printing Medium, 2 s. gd» per Bundle j

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Large Large Fan, for Fan^ of the Value of fourteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of pc twenty-three Inches and an Half by twenty Inches and an Half, two Shillings: fnf*p2as# r*5

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Small Cd* f Fan, of the Value of eleven Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of d'*p twenty-two Inches and a Quarter by thirteen Inches and a Quarter, one Shilling and Six-pence: per

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Elephant, £|cphanr, for of the Value of fifteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty- ditto, *§. 3d three Inches by twenty-eight Inches, two Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Bank or Bankers Bills or Notes, allowing two Bills or Notes in each Sheet, two Shillings; and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number of Bills or Notes in each Sheet:

For every Bundle of Paper mad^e in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Demy, of the Value of one Pound and eighteen Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-six Inches by thirty-eight Inches and an Half/ five Shillings and Six-pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Royals of the Value of one Pound and four Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and an Half by twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, or of twenty Inches by twenty-six Inches, three Shillings and Six-pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Royal Inferior, of the Value of fourteen ShillingsBundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and an Half by twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, two Shillings:

For every Bundle, of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Medium, of the Value of one Pound per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of eighteen Inches by twenty-three Inches, two Shillings and Nine-pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called De?ny Single, of the Value of Priming temy seventeen Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding tr.e Dhnenfions of Seventeen Inches and S,n*ic' an Half by twenty-two Inches, or of nineteen Inches and a Quarter by twenty-one Inches and a Quarter, per undle* two Shillings and Six-pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Demy Inferior, of the Value of Printing Demy ten Shillings.per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches and an *-

Half by twenty-two Inches, one Shilling and Six-pence: u ’

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Crown, of the Value of Prints Double seventeen Shillings per; Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty Inches by ^Bundle* 4* thirty Inches^ two Shillings and Four-pence: person j

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Crown Inferior, of the Double Crown Value of twelve Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty Inches Iflf*',or» 1§*9d* by thirty Inches, one Shilling and Nine-pence: per Bundle*

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Single Crown, of the Value of Printing Single thirteen Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches by twenty £ro,*n» Per Inches, two Shillings:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Single Crown Inferior, of the Va- Single Crown lue of eight Shillings fkr Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches by *n/erior> 1 *' twenty Inches, one Shilling and Thr-e-pence: # # *6‘per Bund,e*

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Demy TiJJue, of the Value of eight Printing Demy Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches and an Half T,fr"e> by twenty-two Inches, one Shilling and Three-penre: per uu *5

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Crown TiJJue, of the Value of Crown Tissue, five Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches by twenty »°d-PerBun<wt? Inches, Ten-pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Pott, of the Value of nine Shillings Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches by twenty-five Inches and an Half, one Shilling and Six-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of Cartridge, is. twenty-one Inches by twenty-six Inches, one Shilling and Nine-pence: 9d pci kearn*

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Square Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions S^iurcCattridge, of twenty-four Inches and an Half by twenty-five Inches and an Half, two Shillings: * Per R*am*

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of Cartridge, nineteen Inches and a Quarter by twenty-four Inches, one Shilling and Six-pence;: is.6J.ptrRcam$

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Elephant Common, r »t exceeding the Dimen- Elephant Com-Cons of twenty-three Inches by twenty-eight Inches, one Shilling and Three- pence: I7ion» 1 s* 3 d*

or per Ream j

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, not exceeding the Dimensions of Suwr Blue/zs. twenty-one Inches and an Half determined by thirty-three Inches, two Shillings: per Ream j

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Smaller Size, not exceeding the Dimensions of eighteen Inches and three Quarters by twenty-seven Inches, one Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britainf called Sugar Blue Demy Size, noi exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches and an Half by twenty-two Inches, one Shilling and Three-

Printing Double Pou, if. 6 d. per Bundle j

pence:

Ditto, Smiller

Size, it. 6 d. per Ream j

Ditto, Demy Sze, is. 3 di per Ream)

Mo

22

Sugar Blue Crown Siie, I I. 3d. per Ream j Purple Royal*

1 s. per Ream j

B’ue Elephant, I*. 6 J. per

Ream j

Blue Royal, it. per Bundle;

Blue Demy Blossom, 11. 3d. per Bundle;

B'ue Crown Single, ^d. per Bundle;

Royal Hand Thick, 10 d. per Ream \

Royal Hand,

1 u per Bundle;

Lumber Hand, it. per Bundle;

Double Two Pound, 9 d. per Bundle; S:ngle Two Pound, 4 d. per Bundle j

Middle Hand Double, it. 6d* per Bundle; Middle Hand, 9d. per Bundle;

Small Hand Double, 11. per Bundle;

Small Hand,

6d» per Bundle;

Coupln Pound and Half Pouod, 4d. per Bundle;

I on pm j I Cap. it. per Ream;

fiavon Cap. gd, per Ream;

Bag Cap. 8d. per Ream;

Kentish Cap. id. per Ream;

Four Pounds,

6 d. per Ream;

Small Cap. ^d. per Ream;

Double Four Pounds, 11. per Ream:

Single Two Poundt, 6 d. per Boodle;

Couplet Pound and Half Pouod, 4d. per Bundle)

Pasteboard, Millboard, &c.

4a. id. per

Hundred

Weifht.

C. 24. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Crown Size, not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, one Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Purple Royal, not exceeding the Dimensiont of nineteen Inches and an Half by twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, one Shilling:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Elephant, not exceeding the Dimensiont of twenty-three Inches by twenty eight Inches, one Shilling and Sixpence;

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Royals not exceeding the Dimension* of nineteen Inches and an Half by twenty*four Inches and a Quarter, two Shillings;

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Demy and BloJ/ornf not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches by twenty-two Inches, one Shilling and Three*pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Crown Single, not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand Thickt not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches by nineteen Inches and a Quarter, Tcn-pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches by nineteen Inches and a Quarter, one Shilling:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Lumber Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-three Inches by eighteen Inches, one Shilling:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Double Two Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches by sixteen Inches, Nine-pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of sixteen Inches by eleven Inches, Four-pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the Dimensions of thirty-three Inches by twenty-one Inches, one Shilling and Six-pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-two Inches by sixteen Inches, Nine-pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Hand Double, not exceeding the Dimensions of thirty-two Inches by twenty Inches, one Shilling:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Handy not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and three Quarters by sixteen Inches, Six-pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pounds not exceeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches by ten Inches, and of nine Inches by seven Inches and an Half, Four-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Imperial Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty*nine Inches by twenty-two Inches, one Shilling:

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Havon Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches by twenty Inches, Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Bag Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-three Inches and an Half by nineteen Inches, Eight-pence':

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Kentish Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-one Inches by eighteen Inches, Six pence:

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Four Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty Inches by sixteen Inches, Six-pence:

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty Inches by fifteen Inches, Four-pence:

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Double Four Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of thirty-three Inches by twenty Inches, one Shilling:

For every Bundle of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of sixteen Inches by eleven Inches, Six-pence:

For every Bundle of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pounds not exceeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches by ten Inches, and of nine Inches by seven Inches and an Half, Four-pence:

For every Hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, made in Great Britain for Clothiers and Hotpressers, four Shillings and Six-pence: And after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Papers, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, respectively:

Which

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo prirtio Georgii III. c. 241 23

Which said several Rates and Duties upon the said several Sorts of Pa per, and other the Commodities Dmiutotepaid last mentioned, to be made in Great Britain, shall be truly paid by the Makers thereof respectivehr, ac- ^ Makenj cording to the Dimensions, Denominations, and Values, in the several Tables annexed, and herein-before severalTy described and expressed.

III. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, railing, levying, and Securing the said

Rates and Duties by this Act imposed,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates to be under and Duties by this Act made payable upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in the Manage. England, Wales% or the Town of Berwick uton Tweedy shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioner* Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty *s Revenue of Excise in England for the Time being; and the of gxcifr in Rates and Duties by this Act made payable upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made England and \n Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Scotland respectRevenue of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and all Monies arising by and in respect of the said t,veiy*'

Rates and Duties, the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted, shall be paid and applied to the same Uses and Purposes, and in like Manner, and under such Regulations, as the Money arising by the Duties hereby repealed were by the several Acts appropriated unto and directed to be paid and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective Rates and The new Dutle* Duties herein-before granted on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, to be made in Great to be subject to Britain, shall be moreover subject and liable to an additional Duty or Impost of ten Pounds per Centum on n^of'io per the Produce and Amount thereof; and that such additional Duty or Impost of ten Pounds per Centum shall Crn<# rn °he be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Produce thereof. Powers and Authorities, Ways and Means, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum granted to his Majesty by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management - of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain, are directed to be collected and paid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Ream of Paper chargeable by this Act shall be understood to consist of twenty Quires, and each Quire of twenty-four Sheets, save and except the Ream of Double Demy for Newspapers, mentioned in Table Three, which shall be understood to consist of twenty Quires, and each Quire to contain twenty five Sheets; and that a Bundle of Paper chargeable by this Act shall be understood to consist of forty Quires, and each Quire to consist of twenty* four Sheets, except as before excepted; and that all Sorts of Paper of the respective Dimensions and Value of the Paper chargeable by this Act, under the respective Denominations aforesaid, with the respective I^ates and Duties hereby granted, shall be charged and chargeable with the same respective Rates and Duties, although the same Denominations (by which they are now usually known) should be altered, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same, or any of them, now are, or hereafter shall or may be called or known.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Paper whatsoever made in Great Britain shall, when perfectly made and fit for Use, be made up, by the respective Makers thereof, in Reams, and in no other Form or Quantity, except only in such Cases where the Paper or Papers so made are herein-before directed to be made in Bundles, and are rated accordingly; and if any such Maker of Paper shall, at any Time, make up for Sale any Paper by him made in any other Quantity than in Reams or Bundles aforesaid, every such Maker shall, for each Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also all the Paper so made up contrary to the Directions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter it shall happen that any new Fabric, or Sort or Kind of Paper, other than such as are already known, and other than such as are enumerated and described in the Tables herein -before mentioned, shall be made in Great Britain, such Paper or Papers shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay the several and respective Duties which are by this Act charged upon, and payable for the Sorts of Paper which are neared above in Size and Goodness to such new Fabric, Sort, or Kind of Paper, and the Makers thereof shall pay the same accordingly; and if any such Maker or Makers of such new Fabric, Sort, or Kind of Paper, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Duties so charged and chargeable on the same respectively, then, and in every such Case, such Papers shall be charged and chargeable with the Duty after the Rate of eighteen Pounds per Centum for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the same, to be estimated, upon the Oath or Affirmation of the Maker or Makers thereof, in Manner herein after directed; and the Maker thereof shall pay the same accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Values of such Paper made in Great Britain as is to pay Duty ad valorem, as aforesaid, Dial), in all cases, be taken to be so much as such Paper shall be worth to be sold (so soon as the same is perfectly made), from Time to Time, at London, without respect to the Duty to be charged thereupon; and the Collector of Excise for the Time being shall receive the said Duties payable ad valorem, for such Paper accordingly, upon the Oath of the Maker or Makers of such Paper, according to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker be a known Quaker; and the solemn Affirmation of such Maker to the same Effect, in care he or she be a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such Oath; which Oaths and Affirmations to ascertain the Value of such Paper so to be charged, and all other Oaths by this Act directed, shall and may be administered by the proper Collector or Supervisor of the District or Division where such Paper is made, without any Fee or Charge for the same.

IX. And, for the more effect ual preventing Frauds that may be practised in the Valuation of any un- rated Papers, or of any new Fabric, or Sort, or Kind of Papers which shall be charged and chargeable 1 With a Rate or Duty ad valorem in Manner herein-before directed and prescribed, and to the End that

fall/

VipA

What shall be deem-d a Bundle of Paper, a Ream, and a Qiii/C.

All Paper to be nude up in Reams and Bundle?, ajTffaole to the D rer-tuns of this Act, on Penalry of col. and Forfeiture of the Paper.

How the Dutiet shall be paid for any new Fabric or Kind of Pa* per.

How the Value of such Paper shall be settled which is to p?y Duty ad valorem.

24

Excise Officers nuy examine any Parcel of P*t>er paying Duly ad valorem; and if found to be undervalued by the Maker, may convey it to ibe neat Excise of-£ce, &c,

Such Paper to be. Ibid.

DireOhns for disposing of the Produce thereof.

Taper-makeri to give written Notices to the proper Officers of their Names, Places of Abode, Storehouse!, See. on Penalty of 501«

Paper-makers to makr regular in trie*, on Oath, every six Weeks, of all Papers, &c, made by them, 00 Penalty of 501.

Duties to be paid within fixWeeks after Entry.

sOffictrs may enter the Houses, Yards, Mills, &c. of Paper-xxukerr, apd take an Account of tjic Quantities of Paper, Ac, ,2nd make ji Kejk rt thereof 4o the Commissioners, &c.

Officers to be £*qs 0.

C. 24. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

all Makers of Paper may be on an equal Foot in Traded be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey any such Maker of Paper shall then be, to open, view, and examine every Parcel of Paper so paying Duty ad valorem, as aforesaid, and compare the same with the Value and Price thereof so sworn to or affirmed; and if, upon such View or Examination, it shall appear that the Paper is not valued, by such Oath or Affirmation at the true Value and Price thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Officer or Officers of Excise to take and detain all such Paper, andco cause the same to be carried and conveyed unto the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Paper shall be made, for the Use and Benefit of the Crown 5 and the Coihftor of Excise for that Collection shall, out of any Money in his Hands, pay to such Maker of Paper, upon Demand, the Value of such Paper so sworn to or affirmed, together with an Addition of ten Pounds per Centum thereon, over and above the Value thereof so sworn or affirmed, talcing a Receipt for the same from such Maker in full Satisfaction for the said Paper as if the same had been regularly fold 5 and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, whether the Value of the Paper (Worn to or affirmed, together with the ten Pounds per Centum thereon, be demanded or not, and w hether the Receipts herein directed to be taken be given or not, to cause the fain Paper to be fairly and publickly sold, as soon as may be, for the best Advantage 5 and out of the Produce thereof, the Money herein-before directed to be paid or advanced for such Paper shall be paid to such Collector, to be by him replaced to such Fund from whence he borrowed the same, provided the same shall have been by him so paid or advanced; but if it has not, then the same shall remain in the Hands of the said Collector until the Maker of such Paper shall demand the same, and shall give a Receipt as is herein-before directed to be taken for the fame; and after deducting from the Overplus, if any, the Cha/g -s anfing by the keeping and selling of such Paper, the said Commissioners of Excise shall and may order the several and respective Officers of Excise concerned in the Examination and Purchase of such Paper to be paid, as an Encouragement for the faithful Discharge of their Duty therein, one Moiety of the Reminder of such Overplus (if any), and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid inro his MajestyY Exchequer, towards the Sinking Fund.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time make any Paper in Great Britain, shall give, or cause 10 be given, Notice in Writing at the Office for the Duties on Paper next to rht Place where such Paper shall be made, of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of every Workhouse, Storehouse, R<»om, and other Place, by him, her, or them respectively made use of in or for the m k;ng, drying, or ke* ping of such Paper, or of Materials proper to be made into Paper, and also of all the Mills, V uts, Prefies, Utensils, and Vessels, used in the making the same, before they do preiume to make any Pape'; and if any such Person or Persons who shall make any Paper shall neglect to give i leave such Nonce as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fi.ry Potoni >.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority ato'efJJ, That, from and after the said twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty oik, *11 and every Person and Persons who shall make any Paper in Great Britain, shall, once in every six Weeks, make a true Entry in Writing, at the next Office of Excise, of all the Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, by him, her, or them, severally made fit for Use within such six Weeks respectively; whic h Entries shall contain the just Kinds and true Denominations, and real Quantities thereof and the Value of all such Paper as is charged ad valorem, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect of such Entry, the Sum of fifty Pounds; which Entries shall be made upon Oath by the Makers of such Paper, or by their chief Workman or Servant employed in making the same, or upon Affirmation, as aforesaid, to be respectively taken an! administered as this Act prescribes in Cases where the Value of unrated Paper is to be ascertained as aforesaid: Provided that no Maker of Paper shall be obliged to go further than the Market Town next to the Place where such Paper or such Boards shall be made, for the making of such Entries, Oaths, or Affirmations, as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every other Person and Persons, who shall make any Paper in Great Britain, shall from Time to Time, within six Weeks after he, she, or they, shall m ike, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off* all (he said Duties for all such Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, as shall by or for them respectively be made, so 39 to be fit for Use or Sale, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, Double the Sum of the said Duty.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers of Excise shall at all Times, by Day or by Night, and if in the Night, then in the Prtfence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace, be permitted, upon his or their Request, to enter into the House, Mill, Yard, Dying-house, Work-houses, or other Place, belonging to or used by any Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, or Scaleboards, in Great Britain and by weighing, Tale, or otherwise, as to such Officer or Officers shall seem most proper and convenient, to take an Account of the Kinds and Quantities of the Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, which shall have been made by such Maker or Makers from Time to Time; and shall thereof make a Report or Return, in Writing, t the respective Commissioners of Excise, or to such Person as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy of such Reporr, under his Hand, with or for the said Makers of Paper, if such Copy shall be demanded, in Writing; and such Report or Return of the Officer or Officers shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers of Paper respectively; and if the said Officer shall refuse to give or leave a true Copy of his Report, in Writing, at the Time of taking such Account, being demanded as aforesaid, every such Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings to such respective

Vr

XIV. Provided always, That every Officer, who shall be empowered to make such Charge as aforesaid, shall, in the first place, be sworn for the due and faithful Execution of his Office; and the Oath on that Behalf shall and may be administered by all or any of the Commissioners of Excise, or by any Justice of

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24.

the Peace, who shall give to such Officers a Certificate thereof: And all and every such Makers of Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, or Scaleboards, respectively, are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, at the Place or Places where he or the do make the same, and permit and assist the Officer to make life thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and if any such Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, or Scaleboard, shall, in the weighing of his, her, or their Stock or Stocks, make use of, or cause or procure, or fuller to be used, any false, unjust, or infufincient Scales or Weights, then, and in every such Case, the Party offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any such Maker shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights, or shall not permit and assist the Officer in using such Scales and Weights, he, she, or they, so offending, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XV. And, for the better preventing of Frauds, it is hereby enacted, That all and every the Officers of the said Duties shall also be permitted to take an Account of the Quantities of Rags, Cordzgc, and other Materials for making the said Paper, which shall be in the Custody or Pofiiflion of any such Maker.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ThatnoM^.ker of Paper, Pasteboards, Millboard-, or Scaleboards, charged with the Duties by this Act imposed, shall remove, carry, or fend away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, or Scaleboards, by him, her, or them made, until such Time as the proper Officer shall have taken an Account thereof, and of every particular Ream and Bunole of such Paper, so to be removed, carried, or sent away; nor shall remove any Paper in any less Quantities than in Reams, or Bundles, nor until every such Ream and Bundle of Paper be duly marked, as herein after is directed, to denote the charging of the Duty payable for the same, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and every such Ream or Bundle of Paper, together with the Package containing the same, and all such Pasteboard, Mill-board, and Scaleboard, that shall be found removing contrary to the Directions of this Act, or without being so stamped or marked, to denote the charging of the said Duties, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by the Officer or Officers of Excile, who shall so find or discover the fame; and the Horses, or other Cattle, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, irfed in the removing and carrying away any such Goods, before the same shall be marked and stamped as aforesaid, shall also be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any such Officer.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to hinder any Maker of Paper from fending such Paper from the Mill where made to any other Mill, to be sized, or finished fit for Use, provided Leave for that Purpose be first obtained in Writing from the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, and that Notice thereof shall have been given to the Officer of Excise twenty four Hours at the least, in order that such Officer may attend and take an Account thereof; and provided such Paper be removed with a proper Certificate from an Office of Excise, expressing the Quality and Quantity; and when such Paper shall have been so removed to the Mill or Place where the same is to be sized, or made fit for Use, the same shall be under the like Directions as to marking and damping, and all other Macters and Things, as if such Paper had been finished and sized at the Mill where made; and such Paper-maker shall, for the Breach of any of the Directions aforesaid, be subject to the like Penalty as he would have been subject to if the said Paper had not been removed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and after the Duties by this Act imposed on Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, and Scaleboards, is paid by the Maker, if any Quantity of Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, or Scaleboards, shall unfortunately happen to be damaged by the calling away or Inking of the Barge or Vessel in which the said Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, or Scaleboards, Iha 1 ] be transported from one Part of this Kingdom to another within the same, that the Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, where such Accident Dial I happen, shall at the next General Quarter Sect fions to be held for such County, Riding, or Division, upon Proof of such Damage, and of Payment of the Duties as aforesaid, determine and settle the Quantity of the Damage done to such Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, or Scaleboards, by the casting away or sinking of the Barge or Vessel in which the same shall be transported as aforesaid, and an Allowance to be made in respect thereof, and to give a Certificate under their Hands and Seals of the Sum allowed, which Allowance shall bear the same Proportion to the whole Duties as the said Damage shall appear to bear to the Value of the said Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, or Scaleboards, before the same was so damaged; upnri producing of which Certificate to the Officer appointed to collect! the said Duties, he shall be obliged to repay or allow to the said Proprietor or Proprietors, out of the Duties paid for the said Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, or Scaleboards, so much Money as the Sum certified by the said Justices shall amount unto, or, in Default thereof, that the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, or Scaleboards, shall and may deduct the Allowance so certified out of the next or any other subsequent Monies becoming due from such Proprietor or Proprietors by virtue of this present Act.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Loss or Damage shall happen as aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall sustain the same shall, three Days at least before the next Quarter Sessions, give or leave Notice in Writing thereof with the Collector of Excise of the District or Collection where such Loft or Damage shall happen, and of his and their Intention of applying, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for an Allowance in respect of such Damage or Lois.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the find twemy-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, every such Maker of Paper, whose Workhouse or Workhouses is or are ficuate in any City or Market Town, shall, at least twenty-four Hours before he intends to remove any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, or Scaleboard, give,' or cause to be given, to th*s

25

Paprr-mak-ra to keep just Sede* and Weights and allift OiTi-cers in weighing their Stock.

P. nalty on nfing fjlfe Weights,

&c.

Officers to take an Account of Material* for making Paper.

Pacer-maker*

no’ to remove their Paper, &c.' until the Officer has taken an Account thereof, Arc.

on density of 50 1. and Forfeiture of the Paper.

Paper may be

removed from the Mill where made to any other Mill, to be sized. See. with a proper Certificate.

If any P.’per,

&c. (TmII be loft or damaged in transporting tliC fame to a different Part of the Kingdom, alter the Duty is paid, a proportional Allowance shall be m^de to the Proprietor, as settled by the Quarter Sessions*

Notice to b<* given to the Collector previous to the Application ro the Quarter SciTion

Paper-makert to give Notice when they intend to have their

chirjicd with the

Dury.C

26

Officers to attend igrecable to Notice; when

the Makers a»e t6 f roduce their Stock intended to be charged.

Penalty on Paper-makers who shall fraudulently mark sny H('/m or Bundle of Paper brought to the Officer to be charged.

Officer to {bmp such isarejcftly marked.

Penalty on obtruding Officer in examining Bundle;, &c.

Paper-milters to V- ep such Paper, as has not bten ciurg- d and marked, feptrite from a’t other St.,ck which has been charred, &c, by the Officer.

Vcn Itv on fraudulently Concealing P- ptr, Patleboard, &c, or jtv Materials for making the same.

The who In Stock in Tr*re of Pa* jxr-m leers to be liable t > all Debts and Duties on P>Prr, Pailc-bo-rW, &t, made by them.

C. 24. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker of Paper shall then be, a Notice in Writing of the particular Hour or Time of the Day when he or she intends to have his or her Paper, Pasteboard, Alillboard, or Scaleboard, charged with the Duty; and evety other Maker of Paper, whose Workhouse or Work-houses is not or are not situate in any City or Maikct Town, shall, at lead forty-eight Hours before he or she intends to move any Paper, give, or cause to be given, a like Notice in Writing; and in caie any such Maker of Paper shall not, at the Hour and Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour after, produce to the Officer all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, then to be charged with the Duty, then every such Notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void, and every such Maker of Paper shall be obliged to give a fresh and like Notice before he or she shall so remove any such Goods.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer for the Duties on Paper shall, from Time to Time, attend agreeable to the Notice to be given as aforesaid; and when and so loon as such Officer shall be at such Workhouse, or within one Hour after, every such Maker of Paper, or his or her Servant or Servants, shall, and they are hereby required to produce and bring to such Officer all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, then intended to be charged; which Paper shall be brought inclosed and tied up with strong Thread or String, in several coarse Covers or Wrappers, containing one Ream or Bundle of Paper each, and not more or less; and on each such Cover or Wrapper there shall already be marked or punted, by the Maker of such Paper, or by his or her Servant, in large legible Characters, and in Words at Length, the true Denomination of the Paper therein inclosed, and in which T able the same is rated, if such Paper be an enumerated Paper; and if such Paper, so inclosed, be not an enumerated Paper, then the true Value of such Paper shall be marked or printed in Manner as aforesaid on the Cover or Wrapper inclosing the same.

XXII. And, to prevent Frauds which may be practised by Makers of Paper, in not putting the true Denominations or Values respectively on such Covers or Wrappers,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officer for the Duties on Paper, at all Times, w hen any Reams or Bundles of Paper, tied up in Wrappers or Covers and marked as aforesaid, shall be brought to him to be charged, to untie and open every or any of the said Reams or Bundles, and to take from and out of any of the Quires, in every such Ream or Bundle, by Way of Sample, one or more Sheet or Sheets of Paper, not exceeding one Sheet out of each Quire, paving (if demanded) for each Sheet, lo taken away, the Sum of one Penny; and if such Officer shall discover in any such Ream or Bundle any Paper or Papers of a different Denomination, or of different Value, than was marked by the Miker, or his Servant, on the Cover or Wrapper in which such Paper was respectively inclosed, then, and in such Case, every such Ream and Bundle respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be (eized by such Officer; and the Maker of such Paper shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Officer attending to charge such Paper

shall be satisfied, that each Ream and Bundle of Paper so brought to be charged is properly tied and inclosed, and that the Paper therein is really of the Denomination or Value marked on the Cover or Wrapper, he shall forthwith (lamp or mark each and evciy such Ream and Bundle, by affixing thereon such Mark, Sump, Impression, or Device, as the respective Commissioners of Excise shall or appoint for that Purpose.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct 01 hinder any such Officer opening or examining any such Ream or Bundle of Paper, or in taking such Samples as aforesaid, or in executing any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act given and granted, he. (he, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority afoiefnd, That every Maker of Paper as aforesaid shall, from Time to Time, keep all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, 3nd Scaleboard, by him, her, or them respectively made, and which ftnli not have been charged and marked as aforesaid by the Officer for the Duties on Paper, separate and apirt from all other Paper and other C >mmodities aforesaid winch hath been charged and marked by the said Officer, for the Spate of forty-eight Hours aider making the same fit for Use, unless lucn Paper and other the Goods last mentioned shall have been >ner charged and marked by the said Officer, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for ea.h Offence.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Maker of Paper shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any Paper, Pifteboa.d, Millboard, or Scaleboard, chargeable by this Act, or any Materials for making the same, to the Intent to deprive his Majesty of hi:-just Duties by this Act granred, the Party so offending shall, for every iuvh Offence, forfeit and lolc the Sum of fifty Pounds; and all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scalcboird, whether perfect or imperfect, and all Materials and Utensils for making the same, which shall he found so concealed, or which shall be found and discovered in any private Workhouse, Warehouse, drying Room, or other Place, for making, keeping, or drying the same, for which no Entry shall he nude, or Notice given, as by the Statutes in such Caie nude is required, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be (eized by any Officer or Officers of Excise

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, and Scaleboard, and all *he Materials and Utensils for the making thereof, in the Custody of any M.iker or Makers thereof, or of any Person or Persons to the Use of, or in Trust for them, or any of them, drill be liable and subject to, and are he.eby made chargeable with, all the Debts and Duties for Paper, Pasteboard, Miilhcard, and Scaleboard nv.de, in Arrear and owing by such M :ker or Makers for any such Goods so made by him, her, or them, or in his her, or their Workhouse, Warehouse, ' r other Place; and shall also be subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makers of Paper, or other Person 10 using such Workhouse or other Place, for any Offence against this Ai\ relating to the said Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Miiiooa/d, and Scaleboard; and it shall and may be lawful in

27

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24.

all such Cases to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings as may lawfully be done in relation to Paper, in case the Debtors or Offenders were the true lawful Owners of the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for managing Commissionerj the Duties on Paper made in Great Britain shall, on or before the twenty-first Dav of May, one thousand to P'ov,f1e seven hundred and eighty-one, provide proper Stamps, Marks* Impression?, or Devices, for marking or ihmping of ail Paper to be made in Great Britain, and by this A cl directed to be fl imped or marked, to p* which denote the Duties charged thereon; and ihal) cause such Stamps, Marks, impressi ms, or Device?, to be the Duty iipah*’; dillnbuted to the respective Officers for the Purposes before mentioned, which Officers are h ^eby enjoined and required, in doing the same, to do no Hurt or Damage to the Paper in do fed in any keum or Bundle to be lo marked or (damped; which Marks, Impressions, or Devices, or any of tln-m, shall and may, from Time to Time, be varied or altered as the Did respective Commissioners shall judge to be inert proper for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXIX. And, for the more effectual securing the Duties by this Act granted, and to the End that the Paper made in Great Britain before the Commencement of this Act may not be improperly seized,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the ic peblive Commissioners of Excise shall, on or be- and a!rodHr*rene fore the twenty-hist Day of May^ one thousand seven hundred and cighiv-onc, provide proper Marks or Scamps for marking all Stock of Paper in the Hands of any Maker or Makers of Paper, or in the Hands hand

of any other Person or Persons for their Use, and shall at all Times, within two Months from the Commi* before *he meneement of this Act, at the Requdt and Delire of any such Maker or M. leers of Paper, order and Commencement direct the proper Officer for the Duties on Paper to (bmp or mark each and every Ream and Bundle of ot tLII Act. Paper which shall have been made in Great Britain at any Time before the Commencement of this Act, and then remaining in the Custody or Possession of such Maker or Makers, or of any other Person or Persons for their Ule, with such Mark, Stamp, Impression, or Device, as to such Ommissioners shall appear most proper for that Purpose; such Mark, Impression, Stamp, or Device, differing from the Mark,

Stamp, Impression, or Device, hereby directed to be provided for stamping and marking Paper made after the said twenty-first Day of May% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; Proof being hill made, upon Oath, that all such Paper was really and bona fide made in Great Britain before the Commencement of this Ai\y and that the Duties have been duly charged thereon; and all Paper so marked and stumped, in pursuance of such Orders and Directions, shall and may be removed, fold, and dispoted of, in like Manner as if the same had been made since the Commencement of this Act, and all the Directions thereof fully complied with, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the End of All Paper, at the said two Months, all Paper in Reams or Bundles, that shall be found removing from one Place to the End or two another wichm this Kingdom, without such respective Marks, Stamps, Impression, or Device, as afore- M°n*hs from laid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise who shall so dif- mentoTTh^A^ cover or find the fame. that shall be re-

moved from one Place to another, without a proper Stamp, shall be for.cited.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any Time counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any such Stamp, Murk, Impression, or Device, which shall be provided and made use of in pursuance of this Act; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Paper with such counterfeit Stamp, Mark, Impression, or Device thtreon, knowing the same to be counterfeited; or shall, upon any Ream or Bundle of Paper which has not been duly entered with the proper Officer, and for which the Duties have been duly charged, fix or place any Cover or Wrapper, having thereon the Impression of any such Stamp, Mark, Impression, or Device; or shall wrap or cover any Ream or Bundle of Inch Paper in any Cover or Wrapper that had been used before; then every such Person so offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit amt lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and shall also be committed to the next County Gaol, thereto remain for twelve Months without Bail or Mainprize.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall have actually paid his Majesty's Duties by th Act payable upon Paper, Pafttboard, Millboard, or Sudihoard, made in Great Britain; and to and for any other Person and Persons who shall buy, or be lawfully intitled unto, any such Paper or Goods Hit mentioned, so made in Great Britain, from the Person or Persons who actually paid the Duties Dr the lame, to export such Paper, Pafficboaid. Millboard, or Scakbnard, to any Parts beyond the Seas by way of Merchandize; giving Efficient Security before the shipping thereof, that the p irticular Quantity lo intended to be exported, and every Part thereof, shall be flapped and exported, and not b? relanded or brought again into any Part of Great Britain; which Security the Collector at the Pori of Exportation shall take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Use.

XXXIII. Provided always, That if, after the flopping of any such Paper, or other Commodities last mentioned, and the giving t;r tendering iui b Security as Aid, in order to cbtain the Drawback herein after mentioned, the bene, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be recovered and levied to his Majesty's Use, all the said Paper and Commodities which shall be so landed, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the Person who IT nil so export any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, or Scaleboard, as aforesaid, shall or may make Proof upon Oath or by Affirmation relpec-tively, as aforesaid, that the Duties thereof have been paid (which Oath or Affirmation the Collector who received the said Duties is hereby impowered and required to administer); and thereupon the Collector or

£ 2

Pen dry on ccviii-

tcrte.iing Any

Star^p mai’e in pji fujnic «»* inis

Att, or ft ll»ng any Pa >er m*:k-eJ w.ih a counterfeit Sump, &c.

Paper, Pasteboard, Sec. for which the Duties h ive been p-mi, may be ex. p'Ttra, on giving Security that it shall not be rcUnded t

But if such Paper, &c. be re-lamled in Great Britain, it shall be forfeited.

Drawback to b» allowed on the Exportation of Paper, Palte-beard, &c. on

Commissioner the Exporter’*

inuviici me Exporter

28

making Oath that the Duties are paid.

Exporter to give Notice to the proper Officer of the Customs when and where he will put up the Goods to be exported*

Direction* for the Custom-house Officers*

Penalty on Persons molesting Officers in executing this Act.

All the Powers granted by former Acts for le. vying, collecting, &c. the Duties of Excise on Beer, Ale, Sec. shall be practised in managing and collecting the Du-tiei granted by this Act.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Commissioners under this Act for England, &c. to have the same Powers as the Commissioners of Excise upon Beer and other Liquors.

A Drawback to be allowed the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge for all Book* they shall print in Latin, Greek, &c.

C. 24. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Commissioner of the said Port of Exportation shall give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture, expressing the true Qualities and Kind of the Commodities so exported; and the Exportation thereof being certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Cclledlor of Excise appointed to receive the Duties upon Paper, in the County or Place where the same was exported, upon producing the said Debenture so certified to him, shall forthwith pay to the Person so exporting the same, or his Agent, the Whole of the Duties which had been paid for the said Paper so exported as aforesaid; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay such Debenture, then the respective Commissioners for the Duties on Paper are hereby required to pay, or cuule to be paid, the said Debenture, out of any Monies anting from the Duties imposed by this Act on Paper made in Great Britain.

XXXV. And, the more effectually to prevent the rtbnding such Paper/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, all and every Person that shall export any Paper for which a Drawback is to be allowed by this Act, shall, before he or they ship any such Paper, give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, to be appointed by the respective Commissioners of the Customs for that Purpose, when and where he will put up the said Goods in order to be exported; and the said Commissioners of the Customs are hereby impowered and directed to cause such Officers to take Care to see that the Stamp, Mark, Impression, or Device, put on each Ream or Bundle of Paper, according to the Directions of this Act, be taken oft from every Ream or Bundle so intended to be exported, and the said Officer shall take an Account of the Quantities and Kinds of the Goods so intended to be expoited, and make a Return thereof to the Officer that shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to receive the same, without Fee or Reward for so doing.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall assault, oppose, molest, or hinder any Officer or Officers for the Duties on Paper, in the due Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act, all and every the Party or Parties so offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and jose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which 111 and by an A^l, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, /In Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in capite and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof), or by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excile upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, are provided and established, for managing, raising* levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provssions are made and prescribed by this Adlj, shall be praelifed, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties upon Paper, and other the Commodities last mentioned, hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions* Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated in this p'eicnt AcE

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in relation to the said Duties by this Act imposed upon Paper, and upon Pasteboard, Millboard* and Scaleboard, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods* as any Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or in the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer, of Scotland respectively, as aforesaid 5 and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (the said Penalty on the Officer for not giving or leaving a Copy of his Charge as aforesaid, only excepted), shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That such Persons ac, in pursuance of this Act, shall be Commissioners for the said Duties on the several Sorts of P.ipcr, and ocher the Commodities lull mentioned, to be made in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick utson Tweed, shall have the same Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate, and order, in all Cases and Matters relating to the same Duties arising within the Limits aforesaid, as the Commissioners of Excise upon Beer and other Liquors may or can lawfully exercise, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order, in the like Cases or Matters in relation to the said Duties of Excise, by any Law or Statute now in Force.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Encouragement of Learning, so much Money as shall from Time to Time be paid for the Duties granted by this Act for any Quantities of Paper which shall be used in the priming any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by Permission of the Vice-chancellors of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in Manner following 5 (that is to say), The chief Manager of the Press in each of the said Universities shall and may, from Time to Time, make Proof by Oath, in Writing, before the Vice-chancellor, who is hereby impowered to administer the same, expressing therein the Kinds and Quantities of the Paper so used, and how much the Duties thereof, payable by this Act, doth amount to; which said Gath in Writing being certified by the Vice-chancellor, and produced to the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, the said Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall forthwith from 7':me to Time issue his or their Orders or Warrants to the respective Commissioners who by this Act ire to manage the Duties upon Paper, to cause Payment to be made of such Money as the Duties payable by this Act for the Paper so used in the printing of the said Books in the said Universities as aforesaid shall amount to, the same Payment to be made, without Fee or Charge whatsoever, and'

without

29

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24.

without Delay, to such Person or Persons as the said respective Vice-chancellors shall authorise and appoint to receive the same, out of any of the Duties upon Paper arising by this Act; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Encouragement of Learning, so much as shall from Time to Time be paid for the Duties granted by this Act for any Quantities of Paper which shall be used in the printing any Books in the Latiru Greeks Oriental, or Northern Languages, within the Universities of Scotland, or any of them, by Permission of the Principal of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in Manner following; (that is to say), The chief Manager of the Prels in the said Universities shall and may, from Time to Time, make Proof by Oath, in Writing, before the Principal, who is hereby impowerect to administer the same, expressing therein the Kinds and Quantities of the Paper so used, and how much the Duty thereof payable by this Act doth amount to; which Oath in Writing being certified by the said Principal, and produced, the Lord Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall forthwith, from Time to Time, issue his or their Orders or Warrants to the respective Commissioners who by this Act are to manage the Duties upon Paper, to cause Payment to be made of so much Monies as the Duties upon the Paper lo used in the printing of the said Books in the said Universities of Scotland shall amount to; the same Payments to be made, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever* and without Delay, to such Person or Persons as the said respective Principals shall authorise and appoint to receive the same, out of any of the Duties upon Paper arising by this Act in Scotland; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That Pasteboard made in Great Britain of Paper which Dial! have paid the Duties charged and chargeable by this Act, shall not be charged with any further or other Duties, by virtue of this Act, upon the parting or annexing together the Sheets of such Paper, and its receiving thereby the Denomination of Pasteboard or Parted Paper.

XLIII. And it is hereby enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General issue, and shall give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff shall discontinue his Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him upon Demurrer or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff.

Drawback to be allowed the Universities of Scotland for all Books they shall print in Latin, Greek, &c.

Pasteboard made of Paper which, has paid the Duty, not to be charged again. Persons sued in Execuion of this Act, may plead the Geoe*' ral Issue, and recover Treble Coflu

TABLES mentioned and referred to in this Act

FIRST TABLE.

Denomination.

Writing.

Imperial

Super Royal -

Royal

Medium

Demy

Thick Port

Thin Port

Small Port

Fools Cap

Pott -

Value/^rReam, and upwards. Not exceeding the Dimensions of Duty per Ream.

S. d. Inches Inches d.

2 1 1 0 22 by 30*- 9 0

I IS 0 >9* 2/V 6 9

I 9 0 19* 24 5 0

1 2 6 >7f 2^ 4 0

O 16 0 ISi 2 1 2 9

O «3 0 15 i >9i 2 3

O 10 0 '9? 1 9

O 7 6 .61 1 3

O 9 0 1 .61 1 6

O 6 0 l 'Si 1 0

SEC O N D<

3Q

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781

C. 24.

SECOND TABLE. Denomination. Valueper Ream, and I upwards. j Not exceeding the D'menfmns of Duty P*r Rtam.

Writing or Copper-plate Printing. £- s. d. Inches Inches s. d.

Double Atlas - - *5 0 0 J>* by 5*r 3C c

Demy - 0 12 0 if 20 1 9

Copy, or Bastard - 0 7 6 1U 2cJ 1 0

Fools Cap - 0 6 0 13z 1(i 0. 1

Littris Fools Cap - 0 6 0 1 3 x I i 0 10

Pott ----- 0 4 0 I ‘ z 1 c 8

Grand Eagle, or Double Elephant 4 0 0 2<< 40 11 c

Colombier - 2 10 0 3 i 7 c

Atlas 3 0 0 i 54 10 0

Atlas - - - 2 0 c 54 6 6

Small Atlas - - 1 10 0 2S 31 5 c

Imperial - 1 10 0 J 2- 3 I 4

Super Royal - 1 5 0 2 i 5 (,

Long Royal - 1 0 0 1 2 i 3 c

Royal 0 18 0 i<A 24 6

Demy - - 0 13 0 17 22 1 9

c 1 ‘+ *; /

Short Demy, or Crowns - - - < 0 9 0 < or [ 1 3

L I ' >5 20 J

Large Fan - 0 14 0 23I 2C\ 2 c

Small Fan .... 0 11 0 2 L I ! ‘ 1 1 6

Elephant - - 0 5 0 23 26 2 3

Paper for Bank or Bankers Bills or Notes, allowing two 1

Bills or Note* in each Sheet, and lo in Proportion for any

greater or Idler Number of Bills or Notes in each Sheet 2 0

THIRD TABLE. D Jty /«r

Printing. Bundle.

Double Demy - - 1 18 0 2? 8! 5 6

f f 1 1 2 ‘U ]

Royal *- i 4 0 j or \ - 3 6

L t 20 :6 J

Royal Inferior - 0 »4 0 j Ji! 2 c

Medium - r 1 0 0 18 r, 1 1 2 i ! 9 1

Demy Single - - - -s 0 17 0 1 1»' 2 6

L Demy Inferior - - 0 0 0 v. 7; j I £ 22 1 6

Double Crown - 0 1; c 20 3r) 2 4

Double Crown Inferior ... 0 1 2 0 20 30 1 9

Single Crown - 0 13 0 1 $ 2J 2 1 1 i O I

Single Crown Inferior - - 0 8 0 Is 20 «1 t 3

Demy TifTue - - 0 8, 0 I'T 22 j 1 3

CiownTilTue - 0 5 0 2°t 01 JO

Double Pott - - - 0 9 0 17 2Si 11 6

FOURTH TABLE. Duty per

Ordinary and Coloured. Ream.

Cartridge - - - 2 I 26. 9

Cartridge Square - - 2 i 2 0

Cartridge - t-i 2V 1 6

Eli phnnt Common ... - 2 3 2 8 1 3

Sog.if Blue - - 2 r 33 2 0

Sun*]-R5u’» SmiilcrSfze - 1 i 27 1 6

Suga^ Blue, D r y Size - - - 17i 22 1 3

Sugar Blue, Crown Size - j 20 1 5

Purple Roy a I ... '<j£ 241 1 0

Blue Ei< oii jnt ... 23 28 1 6

Per B ir di-

Blue Royal - if 24i- 2 r

P iie Demy r* nd Bl '/Tom 17 22 1 3

Blue Cr v.t Single ... - 1 nir*7orl rVri

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. 31

FIFTH TABLE. Denomination. Not exceeding the Dimensions of Duty per Ream.

Whited Browns, and Browns.

Inches Inches s d.

Royal Hand Thick 24 by Uji 0 10

Per B-ii flle.

Royal Hand - 24 19} 1 O

Lumber Hand ..... 22 18 1 O

Double Two Pound - 24 16 O 9

Single Two Pound - 16 11 0 4

Middle Hand Double - 33 21 r 6

Middle Hand - 22 16 0 9

Small Hand Double - 32 20 1 0

Small Hand - - - «9i 16 0 6

f 12 10 7

Couples Pound and Half Pound - -,) and [ 0 4

L 9 7r J

Per Ream.

Imperial Cap - 29 22 1 0

Havon Cap - 24 20 O 9

Bag Cap - 2jf »9 0 8

Kentish Cap - 21 18 0 6

Four Pounds -. 20 l6 0 6

Small Cap ----- 20 15 0 4

Double Four Pounds - 33 20 f 0

- Per B1 jndle.

Single Two Pounds - 16 11 O 6

V 12 10 1

Couples Pound and Half Pound ....] and f 0 4

L9 7i3

Per Hundred

Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper for Clothiers

and Hot-preflers ..... ! 4I 16

CAP. XXV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Persons who have omirted to qualify themselves agreeable to Act 1 Geo I.,* Act t 7 Car. II., Act 2$ Gsr. II., 44 Act $0 Can II Act 8 Geo. I., Act 0 Geo II, Act 18 Geo II, and Act 6 Geo. III., before the puffing ot this Act, and who shall, on or before Dec 2^, 178*, qualify themselves, fh.d! be indemnified against 14 Forfeitures. Not to indemnify any Person for any IVn.oty incurred by negh*sting to qualify himself. Not to exempt Justices acting without legal Qualification. Persons producing Appointments and Ad- millions before Dec. 2;, 1781, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corporations, fj?c.; may enjoy aK Offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indent- nified from all Penalties and Damages incurred by reason of Not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment Person who shall cause Affidavits to be filed before Michael--*4 was Term, 17X1, are indemnified and diEha'ged f-om Penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby. 41 meant to be indemnified, may-plead the General Mae."

a r.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

32 C. 26.

A.D. 1781.

[Preamble.]

Recital of the Navigation Act L» Car, 2L

After June 1, j;8l, any Person free of the Turkey Company may import into Great Britain or Ireland any Goods usually imported from Turkey, &c. either in Biitiflr Ships, or Ships belonging to any $t*te in Amity with his Majesty.

What Duties shall be paid for Goods so imported.

No Entry to pjfs for any Cleons the Growth of Turkey, &c. until theim-

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in British or Foreign Vessels from any Place whatsoever; and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels, during the present Hostilities.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Ship; in? and Navigation, 811 Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Afrieay Asia, or America, or any Part thereof, are to be imported and brought into the Kingdom 0i England^ Ireland, or Hales, the Islands of Guernsey and Jnjey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in English-built Shipping, or other Shipping be- longing to some of the aforesaid Places, whereof the Matter, and Three-fourths of the Manners at least, are English, and are not to be shipped and brought from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but only from those of the said Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or from tlw/e Port9 4 where the said Goods and Commodities can only, or are, or usually have been nrft shipped for Trans- portation, and from none other Places or Countries, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Ship and

Goods, excepting in some particular Cases provided by the said Act: And whereas, by the said in Part recited Act, it is also enacted, That no Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Alufeovy, or of any of the Countries, Dominions, or Territories, to the Great Duke or Emperor of Alufeovy or Rtijjia belonging; as also that no Sorts of Malls, Timber, or Hoards; no fi>-4 reign Suit, Pitch, Tar, Rolin, Hemp, or Flax, Raisins, Figs Prunes, Olive Oils; no S ut of Com or Grain, Sugar, Pot-ashes, Wines, Vinegar, or Spirits called Awn Tits, or Brandy ll'mc, shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any >h:p or Ships, Vtftll or Vessels, but in such as do truly, and without Fnud, belong :o the People thereof, or some of th^m,

as the true Owners and Proprietors thereof, and whereof the MalTr, and Three-fourths of the Mariners at least, are English; and that no Currants, or Commodities of the Growth, Puxluft, or Manufacture, of any of the Countries, Islands, Dominions, or Terri o ies, to the Ottoman or 7urhjb Empire belonging, shall be imported into any of the fore-mentioned Places in any Ship or Vessel but which is of English built, and navigated as aforesaid, and in no other, except only such Foreign Ships and Vessels as are of the Built of that Country or Place of which the said Goods aic the Growth, Production,

or Manufacture respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods can only be, or most ufu.illy are,

first shipped lor Transportation, and whereof the Mailer, and hree-fourths c f the Mariners at leall,

are of the said Country or Place, under the Penalty and forfeiture of Ship and Goods; And whereas several of the Articles in the said Act, and herein-before particularly enumerated, being the Growth or Production of some of the Places or Countries within the Levant or Alcdite^runean Seas cannot be now imported dirtftly from thence in British Vefills without great Hazard of Capture determined by the Enemies, and much Expence of Insurance to the Merchants trading to this Kingdom; and it has been found necessary,

during the present Hostilities with France, Spain, and the States General of the Unted Provinces, by temporary Law's which are now in Force, to suspend, in some Degree, the Uriel Regulations prescribed by the said recited Act; and it is further expedient, for the Encouragement of TiaJc and the Imrcafe of the public Revenue, to permit, for a limited Time, under certain Restrictions, various Articles of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of Turkey or Egypt, and other Goods and Commodities which are enumerated in the before-recited Act, which are of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture,

of Places or Countries within, the Streights or Levant Seas, to be imported into this Kingdom, or the Kingdom of Ireland, in Foreign Vessels, although such Goods are not shipped and brought directly from the Place or Country of their Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or from the Ports or Places from whence such Goods are, or usually have been, first shipped for Wanlportation May it therefore picafe your Majesty th it it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s niuft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June, one thouUnd seven hundred and eighty-one, it shall and may be lawful for any Person r Persons a In ittt d into, and made free of, the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Sc.is, commonly called or known by the Name of The Turkey Company, to import into Great Britain or Ireland.inv (roods or Commodities which have heretofore usually been imported from 7u?key or Egypt, or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Vessel built in, or belonging to, Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to Law; or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors navigated by foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon Payment of the same Duties, if impaired into Great Britain, as the like Goods would be subject and liable to if imported in British Ships directly from the Place of their Growth, Production, or Manufacture; but if such Goods shall be imported in any Foreign 'built Ship or Veiled, then, and in such Case, the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Aliens Duties, il such Goods would have K*cn subject and liable thereto if this Act had rot been made; any hing in the said recited Act, of any ether Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby furth°r enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Entry shall be suffered to pals at the Custom-house for any such Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, as before the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, might be imported only from such Ports or Places in the

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 27. 33

Streights or Levant Seas as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, and which, by the Autho- porter shall pro-xity of this Act, are permitted to be imported in Manner aforesaid, untii the Person importing or entering duce a the same shall produce to the Collector, or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, at the Port of foe of th* Turf Importation, a Certificate, under the Hand of the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey Company, Company, " certifying such Person is free of the said Company, and that he has paid the Duties imposed on such Goods &c. by the said Company, and has conformed in all Respefls to the Rules and Regulations of the said Company relative thereto.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of After June r, ^funey one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Product, Goods or Manufacture of any Place or Country within the Streights or Levant Seas, which have been heretofore

usually imported from any Port or Place in Europe, within the Streights of Gibraltar, except such Goods tcr"nean may° or Commodities as might heretofore be imported only from such Ports or Places as are within the Do- be imported in minions of the Grand Seignior, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, be imported and Britito Ships, or brought, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, into Great Britain or Ireland from any Port or Place Sh,t,s ^longing whatsoever, not being within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, in any Ship or Vessel, built in or with hi*

belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to Majesty.1 any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated with foreign Mariners; upon Payment of the same Duties, if imported into Great Britain, as the like Goods would be what Dutift subject and liable to if imported directly from the Place of their Growth, Production, or Manufacture, be paid lor excepting Drugs of the Growth of, or which have heretofore been usually imported from, Turkey or Egypt, fucl1 Coo<il* or any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, which, if imported by any Person or Persons not free of the Turkey Company, shall be liable to the like Duties as they would have been liable to, if not imported directly from the Place of their Growth and Production, if this Act had not been made; and if any such Goods shall be imported in any Foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then, and in such Case, the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Aliens Duties, if such Goods would have been subject and liable thereto by Law if this Act had not beep. made j any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and upon all Cotton and All Cotton and

Cotton Wool which shall be imported into this Kingdom in any foreign Ship or Vessel, there shall be Cottonwool raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of one Penny Far- ,mPorted af'er thing for every Pound Weight of such Cotton or Cotton Wool, which shall be paid down in ready Money, foreign V5l without any Discount or Deduction whatsoever \ and shall be also subject and liable to an additional Im- feis, to pay post or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Duty of id. Centum is granted to his Majesty by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, S* p* Pound: intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the everal Duties under the

Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain. 5ltp°cnra Ce,tf

agreeable to Cap. 45, of the 20th Year of toil present Majesty.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the said Duties herein- No Drawback before granted shall be repaid or drawn back upon the Re-exportation of the said Cotton or Cotton Wool ] 10 be allowed orl and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, in such Manner and Form, of Couon*" and by such Ways and Means, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duty of Customs, 0r°Cottpa Wool, commonly called The Old Subsidy, is raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and is subject

or liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as fully and effectually, to all Intent9 and Purposes, as if the several Clauses,-Powers, and Provi-

fions in such Acts had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act; and the said Duties Duties to be paid

herein-before granted shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, into the Exchc-

distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, and shall be so kept apart in the said Jiuer»

Receipt of Exchequer as a Fund for the Encouragement of the Growth of Cotton in his Majesty's Lee~ 1 ward Islands, and for encouraging the Importation thereof into Great Britain, in such Way and Manner p 1C ' as Parliament shall hereafter direct.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and re- Continuance of main in full Force during the present Hostilities with France^Spain, and the States General of the United this Act. Provinces, or either of them.

---

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities, the Importation of Goods, the Produce of the Plantations of the Crown of Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in Portuguese Vessels; and the Importation of certain other Goods, therein enumerated, in any Neutral Ships and Vessels.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several Articles cannot, by reason of the present Hostilities, be imported in British Shipping, navigated according to the Laws now in Force, without great Hazard and Expence to the Importers thereof: And whereas it will tend to the general Accommodation and Advantage of the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, if some temporary Relief be given in the Premises;' for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

34 C. 28. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

[From May 21, 1781, Portuguese Goods may be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in Portuguese Vessels.]

the twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import any Goods or Commodities, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of any Island, Colony, or Plantation, belonging to, or under the Dominion of, the Crown of Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of the Crown of Portugal, from any Port or Place in Portugal, or the Western Islands, commonly called The Azores or Madeira Islands; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Certain Goods may be imported in any Neutral Vessels.]

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain or Ireland all Sorts of Wool and Barilla, and Jesuits Bark and Linen Yarn, from any Country or Place whatsoever, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, navigated by foreign Seamen; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Goods imported in foreign Vessels liable to Aliens Duties.]

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Goods as are, in pursuance of this Act, imported into Great Britain, in any foreign Ship or Vessel, shall be subject and liable to the Aliens and all other Duties, in the same Manner as they would be liable to by Law if such Ships were of the Built of the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Production, or Manufacture.

[Continuance of this Act.]

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall have Continuance during the present Hostilities with France, Spain, and the United Provinces, or either of them, and no longer.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles, when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to charging the Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into the Isle of Man.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

[Act 5 Geo. III. recited.]

(intituled, An Act for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such coarse printed Callicoes, and other Goods of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom; for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour from thence to the Isle of Man), it is, amongst other Things, enacted and provided, That if such Bugles as shall be imported into this Kingdom, and lodged and secured in such Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as in and by the said recited Act is prescribed, shall not be either exported, or the full Duties paid for the same, within five Years from the Importation thereof, but shall then continue and be still remaining in the said Warehouses, in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to cause the said Bugles, so remaining, to be publicly sold, in Manner and for the Purposes therein prescribed:

[Act 16 Geo. III.]

And by another Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Term granted by the said first recited Act was enlarged to ten Years: And whereas it has been usual to export such Bugles from this Kingdom to Africa in Exchange for Negroes, to be carried from thence to the British Colonies in America, which Trade being much interrupted by the Disturbances and Rebellion in several of those Colonies, great Quantities of such Bugles do now remain warehoused at several Ports in this Kingdom, and cannot be disposed of without great Loss to the Proprietors thereof; and it is therefore expedient to enlarge the Time limited by the said recited Acts for the Exportation of such Bugles, or paying the Duty for the same:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The aforesaid Term of ten Years further extended for ten Years, in relation to Bugles imported before the passing of this Act, and warehoused, &c.]

That for such of the said Bugles as have been imported into this Kingdom before the passing of this Act, and lodged and secured in any Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, as in and by the said first recited Act is prescribed, and still remain unsold, the said Term of ten Years shall be extended and enlarged for the further Term of ten Years, from the Importation thereof; any Thing in the said Acts, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

[20 Geo. III. Cap. 42. recited.]

II. 'And whereas, by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into the Isle of Man; and for better regulating the Trade, and securing the Revenues, of the said Island), it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain respectively, or any three of them, shall and may grant Licence to any of his Majesty's Subjects to export, from any Port of England into the Port of Douglas in the Isle of Man, thirty thousand Gallons of Rum, the Produce of the British Plantations; and from any Port of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ten thousand Gallons of such Rum, in one Year, in such Manner, and under the same Regulations in all Respects, as if the said last mentioned Quantity had been originally limited and prescribed in and by an Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 29. 35

'of the Isle of Man, and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorised by an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island), instead of the Quantity therein mentioned: And whereas Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of the said Acts, whether Rum imported into the Isle of Man from Scotland is chargeable with the same Duties as Rum imported from England into the said Island:' Now, to obviate those Doubts, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid,

[Rum imported into the Isle of Man from Scotland, to pay the same Duties as Rum imported from England.]

That all Rum which hath been or shall be imported into the Isle of Man from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, under the Regulations and Limitations by the said Acts directed and prescribed, shall be subject to, and pay the like and equal Duties as are now payable to his Majesty, by virtue of the aforesaid Acts, for and upon Rum imported into the said Isle of Man from that Part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica; to the allowing the free Importation of Sago powder and Vermicelli from his Majesty's Colonies in North America; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of his Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions; to the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying coast-wise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant ships on their Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, $0 much of an An Act for opening and ejhiblijlnng certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica; for the mere free Ad 6 Geo. III. Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes \ for granting certain Duties to defray the Ex- for opening c«r-pences of opening, maintaining, feenring, and improving such Ports \ for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon j n7nd§ Tfu,‘at]ic the bnportation of Cools from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon nuica#an.i Do-Goods imported from the said Island into any other British ColonyJ, as relates to the opening and establishing mimea, Uc. certain free Ports in the island of Jamaica, which was to continue in Force until the first Day of November, as relates to the one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Sdlion of opening ce«uia, Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, a; ts m

was continued until the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued further conti-until the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence to the cd until End of the then next Session of Parliament. Nov.i, 1787,4:0.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the seventh So much of an Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing the free Importation of Sago Powder and A a 7 Geo. III. Vermicelli into this Kingdom from his Majesty's Colonies in 'North America for a limited Time, which relates to the was to continue in Force until the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall ^7sirpowder be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and Ve^micrtU* and ninety-six.

from North america, further continued until Dec. 1, 1796.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain Raw Elides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for five Years, from the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisons, Goods, Wares, and

00 muen or an Art 9 Geo. III. as relates to the fice Importation of Raw Hides ftom Ireland and America, further continued until June 1, 1786.

20 Geo. III.

Cap. 46,

gk

further continued until June j, 1781. Several CUufei n an Act 5 Geo. 1. aga\nft cJandtftir.e running (A uncuf* tomed Gocdtr &c.

further continued until Sept. 29, 1788, &c.

Ad 8 Geo. I. to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby, &c.

further continued until Sept. 29, 1788#

Ad 5 Geo. II. for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in America,

(eacept, &c.)

further continued until June »4>

4cc.

Ad 5 Geo. If. to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

C. 29. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 17$r*

Merchandize, from Great Britain, to certain Towns, Ports, or Places, in North America, which are or a,ay be under the Protection of his Majestys Arms; and from such Towns, Portsy or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts of his Majestys Dominions), which was to be in Force until the first Day of June, 1 r tltouf.md seven bundled and eighty-one; ftvftl be, and the same is hereby further continued uinil the hilt Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in

the fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act against*? clandestine running of uncustomed Goods and for the more effectual pit venting of Ft ands relating to the C%1-ms), relating to such foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of an\ Top or Vifui, in order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vessel or Beat; and a!so relating to Go ds not reported, and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies aic provided agamil Maiming Gucnis prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and relating to the opening or altering the Patkjge of Goods on board of Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of fifty Tons or under; and also concerning th: Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Rum imported in Ca lies or VeiLte net containing twenty Gallons at the least; and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to b- exported to Ireland; which were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years, from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next St {Ron of ITriiamt nt respectively; and which, by several subsequent Acts, pissed in the ninth Year of his ft.id Majesty's Reign, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventlr, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the seventh and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the hnJ of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarentine; and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject), which was to be in Force for two Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March*, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarentine), was to have further Continuance to the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, but determined by Mistake the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven was inserted therein, instead of the Kid Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and which, by several subsequent AdR, made in the twenty-first* twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the seventh and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand liven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued un il the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the encouraging the Growth of C^tfec in I is Majesty's Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fifth Day of March*, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred.arvd thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty fifth, and thirty-second Years of his Kid late Majesty's Reign, and of the fix th and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; except such Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of foreign Coffee into and from the British Colonies and Plantations in America; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts), which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June, ore thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the Space of three Years, and fresh* thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acte, made in the ninth and sixteenth Years of his said Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and, by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the thirty-first Year of his said late Majestyte Reign, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and which, by an Act made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth

37

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.

Day of Septemlfr, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by J, a not her Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,' was further continued'until (he twenty, ninth. Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the End. of tide then(next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twcmy-niiv.h Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- *9> *785, five, and from thence to the End of the then next session of Parliament. &c*

the fix- So much of 16 certain Geo. III.

further continued until

(of Saint v-

the Untied Company of Merchants of England trading to the Vc.

y East Indies, 'and of Blfeuit and Peaje i# Newfoundland) ^SToya Scotia, Buy C^aleur, and Labrador; and to the Sugar Co-for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advizing' or carrying into Execution his Majestys Orders of Council Ionics, already made for allowing the Exportation of I Cheat, and other Articles), as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities,.of. Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force until the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seven ty-seven ;t and which,*by fey e raj Act*, tfiade ito §He seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth Yea's of the p.ergn{of p,rftft>t Majestyi ifrestx>nMnued until the fi*ft Day of May, one thousand seven revived, and hundred a rid eighty ^orce mp (h$)l* from abdiafttr the passing, of this Act, be revived 5 and the same is hereby further conti-Jeviv‘ed, and ilpaU continue in ,ft»U Force and Efit£L.until.tbs. fir# Day of Mayfont thousand seven hun- »«eduntil Mayif. dred and eighty-two^. 7 tt\y.,) r - ‘. ' ,78a*

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year of «> Geo. III.\ the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act ko impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and v*Vgd59* tC~

to rtf rain the carrying Coa/iwife, of Copper in'Bat s? or Copper in Sheets, for n limited Time), which was to VC

continue in Forc$ until the fir (I D £ y r o f t May4 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall, from and further and after the paflipg p£ this Act, brrevivedr; and the same.is hereby revived, and shall continue in full 5Jntinued u#ntl1!

Miy 11 l^oli

So much of 19 Geo. III. Cap. 21. as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped a» April I, 1783.

"'Force and Effect, vutil{ the first Diyof May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

XI. And ft furtftet eflafted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his prefcitt Majesty*.as relates to allowing.a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped a1? Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Shij^ on their Voyages, which was to be in Force for two Years, from the first Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived;, a/fdfibe fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect until the first Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

m0 - \, Stores, Scc. revived, and further continued until

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year »o Geo. III. of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Cap. 31, re-Corn and Grain, in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty), which vlved* was to be in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one,

shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived; and the same is hereby revived, and shall con- and further tinue in full Force and Eftest until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and continued until eighty-two. March »5, 1782.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament passed for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and cleansing the Streets of the Town of Colchester; and also for lighting the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances in the said Town.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (intituled, An Act for cleansing and making navigable the Recital of *a 4 Channel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe), several Duties were granted and made payable for AO 9 and io Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, that should be brought in and to the said Channel, and should be Gu^ III.

landed at or shipped from liivcnhce, or the New Hythe in Colchester aforesaid, or between either of the said Places, for the Term of twenty-one Yrears, for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act mentioned;

which said Act, and all the Powers and Authorities thereby given, and one Moiety or Half Part of the Aa§

Duties thereby granted and made payable (except upon Corn and Grain) were, by ?nother Act passed

[5 Geo. I. * 1]

in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, continued in Force until the

first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and forty: And whereas by another Act passed in the 13 Geo. If; ', 4 thirteenth Year cif the Reign of his Late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, wAn Act for further

enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe 5 and for making the said Act, and another Act of the fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for en- 1 4 larging the Term granted by the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the ». 4 Third, more effectual), the said two formes Acts, and all and every the Powers and Authorities thereby respectively given, together with such additional Powers as are in the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign mentioned, should be continued, and be in Korce, from the first D 4 May> one thousand seven hundred and forty, for ever: And that the Duty on Sea Coals should,

AQ 13 Con, n.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 17

r-*o. m. of.

39.

Aaiscco.111,

>9 Geo. III.

From May it, 1781, the Powers, Regulations, &c. of the said Acts repealed; except for Recovery of Arrears, &{

After May ai, 1781, the Dutiei on Servants to be under the Management of the Coraniiflio/jcis

C. 31. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

and after the said first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and forty, be Three pence a Chaldron,

and no more; which Duty w^s, by the said Act of the thirteenth of his Lid late Majesty's Reign, continued and made payable from the said full Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and forty, for and during the Term of forty Years: And whereas by another Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty (intituled, An Act for Making more effectual several Alls of Parliament pafjei for cUcmfng and making navigable the Channel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe in the County of Essex; and for repairing and cUanfing the Streets of the Town of Colchester), an additional Duty of Three- per.ee per Chaldron was laid upon all Sea Coals; and the said former Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, therein respectively con- mined, were continued from the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, for the Term of thirty Years, and from thence to the Knd of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it may he neccftary that feme further Provision should be made for cleansing the said Channel, and sup- porting the Navigation thereof;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, isle.

The recited Acts further continued for forty Years. Commissioners named herein to repair the Hard- ways across the Channel, and the Banks and Walls on each Side the River. Damages done to the Banks and Walls by Proprietors of Lands, to be repaired by them. Compensation to be made for Damage that may be done to East Mill Persons damaging the Lock, or the Walls, Banks, and Sluices, liable to treble Damages, and Costs of Suit. Clauses in former Act restraining Farmers of 41 Quays from being Commissioners, repealed. Water to be conveyed from the Roofs of Houses by Pipes, isc. at the Expence of Occupiers. In case Owners, &c. of Houses neglect to remove Incroachments, 44 Commissioners to do it, and levy the Expence on such Owners, iff a Penalty, not exceeding 20 r. for driving Carriages or Cattle on the Foot-ways. Lamps to be set up. Asst iTment to be made for lighting the Town. Rate to be levied by Distress, in case of Refusal to pay. Persons wilfully breaking the Lamps, or extinguishing the Lights, to forfeit for each Lamp, for the first Offence, 20 x. for the fe-*? cond Offence 40x. and for the third and every subsequent Offence 4l. Persons accidentally damaging Lamps, &c. to make Satisfaction for the fame., Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Session, 44 on giving fourteen Days Notice. In case the Corporation of Colchester shall be disabled to act as Juf* il dees, the Powers vested in them to vest in the Justices for the County."

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned \ and for repealing everal Rates and Duties upon Glass, impejed by an All made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Maje/h, and for granting to his Majesh other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the fevt ral Rates and Duties charged, by an All made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty., upon all Persons and bodies Politic and Corporate, having certain Quantities of Stiver Plate, certain Duties were impeded upon every Male Servant retained or employed in the Capacities in the said Act particularly enumerated and mentioned: And whereas one other Act of Parliament was made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more ef/ctlual levying of the Duty upon Servants in that Part cf_ Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas one other Act of Parliament was made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, for avoiding so much of the said Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as in.pcjes a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned: And whereas the several Powers, Rules, Methods, and Regulations, in the said Acts prescribed and directed, for ascertaining, paying, securing, and collecting the said Duties, and for preventing Evasion and Frauds therein, fuse been found insufficient apd intffeftual to secure the Payment thereof, and the Lid Duties have bc.cn withheld, and the Revenue thereby defrauded For Remedy whereof, and for the better securing the due Payment of the said Duties, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the several Powers, Rules, Methods, and Regulations, Manner and Time of Payment* by the said Acts, or any of them, given and prescribed for ascertaining, Louring, paying, and collecting the said Duties, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall crate and determine, and be no longer used, except in all Cases relating to the Recovery of any Arrears which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Duties, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any Time before the said twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And, for the better preventing the like Frauds and Evasions, and for the more effectual securing the Payment of the said Duties/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, such of the said Duties as are imposed upon Servants in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and t)it Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in England foe the Time being; and that such of the said

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31* 39

Duties as are imposed on Servants in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Receipt of E*ch*e in and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, who are ?nogt|^ gefcc* hereby respectively impowered to appoint proper Officers for collecting and receiving the fame; and all rcpc"

Monies arising from the said Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at bVcJlmin/hry and shall be applied to the Uses and Purposes by the said first recited Act dirtied.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter or Mistress who, on the said Every Matter or twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall retain or employ any Male M'ttrefs who. Servant in the Capacity of Maitre d'Hotel, House-steward, Mailer of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, onoMaZ f/' Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under-butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House-porter, puyJ’any\ff~ Footman, Running-footman, Coachman, Groom, Postilion, Stable-boy, and the respective Helpers in Servant in any the Stables of such Coachman, Groom, or Postilion, or in the Capacity of a Gardener (not being a Day edacity hercia Labourer), Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, or Whipper-in, respectively chargeable by the said «nljcr*t*b Act, whether such Servants shall then be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or so't *DayVafter in any other Business jointly with 002 or more of the said Capacities of a Servant, shall, within forty Days deliver 7 coma after the said twenty first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, ddiver, or cause to Lift of such S*r-be delivered, at the Office of Excise next to the Place where any such Master or Mistress respectively shall vj»us at the next then be refiiert, a correct Lift, signed by him or her (or by his or her known Steward or Agent); in Exc, rc °lEcr* which Lift shall be ioferted and ftKcified the true Number of Male Servants by him or her at that Time retained or employed, the ChristUn and Surname of each such Servant, the Office or Capacity in or for which each Servant is retained or employed; and every such Master or Mistress shall respectively, at the and/bail then Time of delivering in such Lift, pay down the Duties by the said Act imposed for every Male Servant so p»y the Duties retained and employed. for them.

IV. And whereas it may happen that the Commissioners appointed by the said before-recited Act,

1 made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for carrying the said Act into Execution,

1 may, since the twenty-fifth Day of March now last past, have nominated Assessors for collecting the Duties upon Servants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and such Aileflors may have given or left the Notices or Warning to the several Masters and Mistresses, as by the said Act directed,

and some of those Masters and Mistresses may have delivered in Lists of their several Servants in pursuance of such Notices; now, to obviate all Confusion in collecting of the said Duties on Servants by the said Act imposed/ it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all such Notices so given or left NVices given by by any such Afltftors, and all such Lifts as may have been delivered in by any Master or Mistress in con- Aireflors, and sequence of such Notices since the twenty-fifth Day of March now 12ft past, shall be null and void; in^Anrc^March any Thing in the said before-recited Act or Acts, or in either of them, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

lobe void.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master or Mistress respectively, Every Master,

who, after the said twenty-first Day of May\ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall begin to &c. who, after retain or employ any such Male Servant as aforesaid, in any of the Lid Capacities, shall, within twenty May at, 17

Days after he or she respectively shall begin to retain or employ any such Male Servant or Male Servants, bfsin f? ltm '

deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the Office of Excise next to the Place where he or she shall then be se?rin7 shall reftdent, a like Lift, signed as aforesaid *, in which Lift shall be inserted and specified the true Number of within \wenzy Male Servants by him or her at that Time retained or employed, the Christian and Surname of each such Da>s, deliver * Servant, the Office and Capacity in or for which each such Servant is retained or employed; and every Lift at the next such Master or Mistress respectively shall, at the Time of delivering in the said Lifts, pay down the Duties Exc^cOiftce, &c. by the said Act imposed for every Servant so retained or employed; and if at any Time within twelve if he in- ’ Calendar Months after such Master or Mistress shall have or ought to have delivered in such Lifts as afore-( cTcaf« thoNom. said, he or (lie shall increufc the Number of his or her Male Servants, in any of the Capacities before h^ibaTi" mentioned, then, and in every such Case, every such Master or Mistress respectively shall, within twenty twenty

Days after he or she shall have made such Increase, deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the Office of Ex- Days, deliver i* cite next to the Place where he or she shall at that Time refiJe, a like correct Lift, signed as aforesaid, atrc/hLift,

and shall specify therein the true Number of Male Servants so increased, the Christian and Surname of each such Servant, the Office and Capacity in or for which such Servant is retained or employed; and such Master or Mistress respectively shall, at the same Time, pay down the Duties payable for each Servant so increased beyond the Number specified in their former Lifts.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Master and Mistress who The Ll/hto b* shall have delivered, or who is obliged to deliver in such List or Lists as aforesaid, is and are hereby

renewed, and required, at or within twenty Days after the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months, reflectively after the the ^aty F*ld*. Times of delivering, or being obliged to deliver such Lifts, to deliver a fresh Lift in Manner aforesaid, annually*

and pay down the Duties according to the true Number of Male Servants by him or her respectively at that Time retained or employed in any of the Capacities before mentioned, and for which the said Duty is by the said first-recited Act imposed, and in the same Manner to renew such Lift, and make such Payment, from Year to Year, as long as he or she shall respectively retain or employ any such Servant or.

Servants.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Matter or How those,

Mistress shall have divers Houses or Places of Residence, and shall retain or employ in each such Bouse ^c.

or Place of Residence any Servant or Servants chargeable with the Duty by the said Act imposed / and, u> ^diverr^,m

all Cases where any Master or Mistress shall retain or employ any such Servant or Servants chargeable as £1 of CRtii-aforesaid, at any Place not being the House or Place of Residence of any such Master or Mistress, every dCncc. such Master or Mistress respectively shall, and they are hereby required, within the Space of one Month after the Delivery of such Lifts respectively, and Payment of the said Duties, as herein-before required,^©-

4o

Matters, &c.ne-glatfing to deliver corrtft Lifts, and to renew them and make Payments annually, fluli forfeit ao 1*

If any Matter shall oegtest to deliver such Lift, 'Or shall omit any taxable Servant in his Lift, the Officer shall charge him Double for all such Servants omitted.

In what Cases Mailers are not liable to Prose* cution for delivering in erroneous Lifts, &c«

Executors, dec. may retain, for the Reminder of the Year, such Servants /or whom the Duty has been paid by the Deceased,

Prosecutions under this Act, within the Limits of the Excise Office, to be determined by the Commissioners of Exdfe, fcc.

and, in other Parts of the Kingdom, by the Justices.

The Patty a^-cui^d, to be turn-

ffofted,

C. 31.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the Office of Excise next to each and every such Place, ard to each, and every such House or Place of Residence, a Duplicate or Duplicates ot every such List or Lists lo delivered by such Masters or Mistresses, such Duplicates to be signed as aforesaid, and mentioning at the Foot of every such Duplicate, the Place where such engina! List or Lists shall have been delivered, and the Duties paid as aforesaid, upon Pain that every such Master or Mistress neglecting to deliver such Duplicates, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, if any Master or Mistress shall at any Time retain or employ any Maitre d* Hotel, House-ftcward, Master of the Horse, Groom of the Chamb'r, Volet de‘ Chambre, Bucler, Under-butler, Cleric of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House por.er. Footman, Running-footman, Coachman, Groom, Postilion, Stable-boy, or Helper in the Stables of any Coachman, Groom, or Postilion, or any Gardener (not being a Day Labourer), Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, or Whipper-in, on whom respectively the Duty of twenty-one Shillings u> by the Lid recited Act imposed, and shall neglect to make out, sign, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, correct Lists of the true Number of Male Servants by him or her respectively retained or employed, in Manner and Form, and within the Times herein-before respectively directed and expressed, and to make fudt Payments as aforesaid, or having delivered such Lilts, and made such Payments, shall not renew lurh Lifts and Payments yearly, in Manner and Form as aforesaid, he or she shall respectively forfeit and lose, for each Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon due Examination, it shall appear that any such Master or Mistress shall have neglected to deliver in such Lifts as are hereby directed and required; or having delivered, or caused to be delivered, any such Lilts, shall have omitted to insert therein any Servant or Servants chargeable with the Duty by the said Act imposed, any Officer of Excise for the District or Place where such Master or Mistress so neglecting to deliver in their respective Lifts shall then reside, or where the Servant or Servants so omitted to be inserted in any such Lift shall then, be retained or employed, shall and may, and they are required to charge such respective Master or Mistress for and in respect of every Servant by him or her retained or employed, and so neglected or omit-, ted to be inserted in such Lifts, as aforesaid; and such Charge shall not be impeached or set a/ide by reason of any Mistake or Variance in the Christian or Surname of any such Servant, or in the Description of his or their Employment, but such Charge shall be effectual to all Intents and Purposes, provided the Person or Persons charged be really a Servant or Servants, in respect of whom the Master or Mistress ought to be charged within the Meaning of the said Act; and the Charge so to be made shall be the Double Duty for every such Servant so neglected or so omitted, as aforesaid; which said Charge shall be paid by every Master or Mistress so offending, over and above any Penalty that may be recovered of such Master or Mistress for not delivering correct Lifts in Manner and Form as by this Act is required and directed.

X. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case where the Duties required by the said Act to be paid for any Male Servant, shall be actually paid, and correct and true Lifts shall have been delivered in, as before directed, before any Information laid for the Neglect of delivering in such Lift, and making such Payment, although not ftnctly within the Time for that Purpose mentioned, no Master or Mistress, having delivered in such Lifts, and made due Payment, shall be prosecuted for not having delivered in their Lifts, or made their Payments within the Times respectively limited by this Act.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted and provided by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master or Mistress, having delivered in correct Lifts, and having duly paid the Duties for each Mate Servant liable thereunto, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, shall die before the End of the Year for which such Payment was made; in every such Case, it ftidl and nviy be lawful for the Executor or Administrator of such deceased Person to retain and employ all or any of the said Servants, for or in Tefpeft of whom such Duty was paid, and Lifts delivered, as aforesaid, during the Residue of the Year for which such Payments shall have been made, in like Manner as such deceased Person might have done if living.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Duties by the Lid Act imposed upon Servants, as also all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed agaii.il this Act, or any Clause or Article therein contained, shall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by such Person and Persons, and in such Manner and Form, as hereafter in and by this Act is directed and appointed; that is to say, All Prosecutions for the Recovery of the Duties by the said Act impoftd, and also for all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within the immediate Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in Londonf shall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, or by the Commissioners for Appeals, or the major Part of them, in case of Appeal, and not otherwisej and all Prosecutions for the Recovery of the Duties by the said Act imposed, and also for all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within all or any of the Counties, Shires, and Stewartries, Cities, Towns, or Places, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be heard and determined by any two or more of the Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Forfeitures shall be made, or Offtnee committed; and if the Party finds himself aggrieved by the Judgment given by two or more Justices, he shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions, who are hereby au-thbrifed and impowered to hear and determine the same, whose Judgment therein shall be final; which said Commissioners for Appeals and regulating this Duty, and the said Commissioners of Excise, and all

Justices of the Peace aforesaid respectively, are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required, upon Complaint of Information, upon Oath, exhibited and brought, of any Forfeiture made or Offence committed contrary to this Act, to summon the Party accused, and upon his Appearance or Contempt to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Fast, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. 4r

Juntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath they, or any two or more of them, have hereby Power to administer), to give Judgment or Sentence thereupon, and to award and issue out Warrants, under their Hands, for the levying of such Forfeitures.and Penalties as are by this Act imposed for any such Offence committed, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, and to cause Sate to be made of the said Goods and Chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any be); and for Want of sufficient Distress, to imprison the Party' offending for one Month, unless Satisfaction shall be before made.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Certiorari be brought or allowed to remove any of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace respectively, relating to the same Offences, or any Forfeitures or Penalties for the same 5 but that the Determination of the said Commissioners of Excise, and of the said Justices of the Peace respectively, shall, in Manner and Form aforesaid, be final to all Intents and Purposes; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be brought or sued forth in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at WejU minster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for any Offence against this Statute, within the Space of six Months from the Time such Offence shall be committed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prosecution shall be commenced In any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, against any Person or Persons for or on account of any Penalty or Penalties incurred, or supposed to be incurred, under or by virtue of this Act, unless a Notice in Writing shall have been first delivered to such Person or Persons, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abpde, twenty-one Days at least before such Prosecution shall be commenced; and that such Notice shall express the Cause for which, and the Time

when, such Prosecution is intended to be commenced; and that an Affidavit of such Notice shall be filed in such Court before the Commencement of such Prosecution.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners fjmd Justices, wheje they shall see Cause, to mitigate or lessen any Penalties and Forfeitures, in such Manner as they shall think fit, the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers in the Prosecution of the Offender being always allowed, over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than one Fourth Part thereof, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this Act (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deduced) shall be employed, one Moiety thereof to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Discoverer or Informer of the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be. sued, moiefted, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of, or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Wrfnffrts ro be examined on Oath.

On Failure of Dirtr^fs, Offender to bj committed. Proceeding* not to be removed by Certiorari.

Limitation of Act]jus.

Twenty-one

D ys Notice so be given before ProlccuMon ary Court of Record.

Ommissioners and Justices may mitigate Penal-tie*.

Penaltie* and Forfeitures bovr to be employed.

Personi sued in Execution of this Act, may plead the General issue,

and recover treble Costs.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to encourage the Manufactory of Verdegrease in Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on foreign Verdegrease imported.

WHEREAS there is lately set up in this Kingdom a Manufactory of Verdegrease, which has Preamble, been heretofore imported from France, and for which large Sums of Money have been constantly paid to Foreigners; therefore, to the Intent that all due Encouragement may be given to so useful a Manufacture, wc, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, After Jun? 24, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, there shall *7$* a Duty of be, throughout his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon *’°Und

Tuned, raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, Iris Heirs and Successors, i^p?, TtatL> oV for and upon every Pound Weight of common Verdegrease, imported or brought into the Kingdom of cowman Ve.-de-Great Britain from foreign Countries, the Sum of Three-pence; and for and upon every Pound Weight gre^fe* *nd u. of Chrystalized Verdegrease, so as aforesaid imported, the Sum of one Shilling; which said Impofhor rer Hound i;'r Duties shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance, on Importation; and shall be also subject and liable to an additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the Lire The 'CVout’e* Manner, and under the same Regulations, as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum is gr.inte »; to be hiMe to his Majesty by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An an additional 5 for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management rcrCeru« *8 cc* of the refbettive Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain. L0#

I

42

No Drawback to be allowed on

Exportation. Duties to be levied, ire. in the Manner p:e-fc i bed by for*

« >ner Laws relating to the CuOoms; and to be pair! in*o the Exchequer.

A Boole to be provided by the Auditor for entering the said Duties /epjute-

b*

[Preamble.]

Former Acts further continued until June *4* ^795*

Preamble; reciting that certain Penalties were imposed Oft Coal Meters by Act S3 Geo. II.

C. 33, 34. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

II. And be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the said Duties hereinbefore granted shall be repaid or drawn back upon the Exportation of the said Verdcg'ease; and that the said several Duties herein-before granted shall be raised, levied, recovered, and paid, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned and expressed in the several Acts now in Force relating to his Majesty's Customs; and the same shall be under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs, and their Officers for the Time being, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver general of the Customs in England, and shall be by him paid (the necessary Charges of railing, collecting, and ani^ering the fame* only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, ditfind and apart ftom all other Monies which such Receiver-general shall receive (or the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, (or the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, m which all the Monies arifine from the said Duties, and paid into the Receipt, as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all Other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid, dull be there reierved for the Dispositioa of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues therero; for widening some Part of the High Street and the Market Place; for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for further continuing and amending the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS the Laws for preventing Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Eon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Hollern, as lies in the County of Middlesex, have been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by ih~ Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Freuds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement uf Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining Ajtrete, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; which Act was continued by several subsequent Acts, passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Iks fa»d late Majesty, was continued by two Acts, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-second Years of the same Reign, and was amended by the last of such Acts, and, subject to such Amendments, further continued, by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, until the twenty-fourth D«y of jure, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the End of the then next belli on of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty fourth Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; except such Parts of the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as were altered by the said subsequent Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said Majesty.

II. And whereas by the before-mentioned Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, a Penalty of ten Pounds was imposed upon the principal Coal Meter*, on neglecting to station labouring Coal Meters at the several Wharfs within the Limits de fieri bed in the before-mentioned Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and also a Penalty of forty Shillings on the labouring Coal Meter or Coal Meters neglecting to attend and perform their Duty at the Time, and in such Manner as by that Act is directed; and which said Penalties were severally imposed whilst all the Coals fold within such Limits were compelled to be measured by such Coal Meters:

And whereas, by the before-mentioned Statute, passed in the thirty-feconi Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, it was directed, that none of the Provisions made by the said Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, or by that Act, relating to the Payment of aov Sum or Sums of Money for or on Account of the Admeasurement, or Inspeelion of the Admeasurement, of Coals, or to the Punishment of any Dealer in Coals, or Carter, on account of fending, carrying, or loading Coals from any Wharf or Place within the Limits therein mentioned, should take place and be in Force, except in such Cases only where the Buyer of such Coals should have signified, by Notice in Writing to 7 1 008.

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 35 - 37‘ 43

one of the principal Coal Meters, or one of the labouring Coal Meters, his or her Desire to have the Attendance of a Coal Meter to inspect the Admeasurement of his or her Coals, and where a Coal Meter should, pursuant to such Notice, attend, and actually inspect the Admeasurement of the whole Quantity of such Coals: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the before-mentioned Penalties are not foil in Force, notwithstanding the Clause herein last before recited; and it, being unreasonable to sub-

jcft the said principal Coal Meters, and their labouring Coal Meters, to the said Penalties, when by the said Clause the Admeasurement of Coals is left to the Option of the Purchaser thereof, and consequently

the principal Coal Meters are not secure of any fixed or certain Income to defray the Expence of fta-

tioning such Meters as aforesaid be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the The said r«n»!-said Penalties instidled by the said recited Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his said late ties not to take Majesty, shall hereafter in any Manner take place, unless Notice in Writing shall be left at the Coal place unier* pra% Meters Office, six Hours at the least before any Parcel of Coals is required by the Buyer to be admea- ^Notice in sured; and which Notice shall be signed by the Seller of such Coals, and shall specify the Wharf where at the"CoalC the Attendance of the Coal Meter is required, and the Hour of such Attendance; and unless the said Metm Office, principal Coal Meters shall neglect or refuse to station a labouring Coal Meter agreeably to such Notice, &c. or such labouring Coal Meter, so to be stationed, shall neglect or refuse to attend and do his Duty accordingly; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

---

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Adur, at or near Old Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for amending, regulating, cleansing, lighting, watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Borough of The Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS y an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Lineny && J4 Geo. III.

Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, certain Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, are pro- recited.

vided, inflicted, and imposed, for the Purpose of preventing and prohibiting the Exportation into so-

reign Parts (except to any Port or Place within Great Britain or Ireland) of all such Tools or Utensils as are commonly uled in, or are proper for the preparing, working up, or finfthing, of the Cotton or Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom; and also for the preventing and prohibiting all and every Person or Persons whomsoever from the collecting, obtaining, or having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, with Intent to export, any Tools or Implements used as well in the said Cotton or Linen, as in the Woollen or Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; And whereas the Penalties and Fotfeftures to which Offenders against the said Act are thereby subjected and made liable, and the Provisions, Powers,

and Remedies thereby made and provided, for the Recovery and enforcing of such Penalties and For- feuures, are found inadequate to the Prevention of the Evils thereby intended to be remedied; and it is therefore become necessary to make some further and more effectual Provision to deter Persons from committing the said Offences, so destructive to the Trade of this Kingdom: Therefore, for the better preserving to his Majesty's Subjects the Benefits arising from those great and valuable Branches of Trade and Commerce, and for preventing the said pernicious Practices for the future, and for explaining,

amending, and rendering more effectual, the said recited Act,’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if, at any Time alter the After June 24, twenty*fourth Day of fane, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, any Person or Persons in Great 1781, if any Britain or Ireland shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, load, or put on Board, or pack, or cause or pro- Person, in Great cure to be loaden, put on Board, or packed, in order to be loaded or put on Board of any Ship or Vessel, which shall not be bound directly to some Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or shall lade, or cause or procure to be laden, on Board any Boat or other Vessel, or shall bring, or cause to be brought, to any Quay, Wharf, or other Place, in order to be so laden or put on Board any such Ship or Vessel, any Ala-chine, Engine, Tool, Press, Paper, Utensil, or implement whatsoever, which now is, or at any Time or Times hereafter shall or may be used in, or proper for the preparing, working, pressing, finishing, or completing, of the Woollen, Cotton, Linen, or Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, or any or either of them, or any other Goods wherein Wool, Cotton, Linen, or Silk, or any or either of them, are or is used, or any Part or Parts of such Machine, Engiue, Tool, Press, Paper, Utensil, or Implement, by what Name or Names soever the same shall be called or known; or any Model or Plan* or Models or Plans, of any such Machine, Engine, Tool, Press, Paper, Utensil, or Implement, or any Parlor Parts thereof, and Complaint being made, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the ony JoBlce may Peace to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, not only to seize all such Machines, Engines, Tools, fran*

G 2 Press, *such

Britain or Ire-la ad, shall pack or out on Board any Vessel any Machine, Tool, or Lftcnhl, uftd in the Woollen, Carton, Linen, or Silk Manufactures, or an/ Model of foeh Machine, &c«

44

Machines, &c. and bringing iich Ferion before him j

and if a faiisfac-tory Account be not given to the Ju flier, he may detain such Ma-ch nes, &c. and b.ud the Party tp appear at the next Afiixesj&c.

On Nrglefl: of giving Security, the Party may be committed.

Penalty cn Conviction,

Custnm-bonfe Omcrrs im-powned to seize all such Machines, Sec, going lo be exported.

Penalty on Cip-tains taking on Paard any such Machine, dec.

Penalty on Cuf-trm-hcuk Officers who shall take any Entry <v»:*ard, &c. for export!/ g any such prthtbitrd Machines* &c»

Pena'ties and Forfeitures how t<? be recovered and applied.

C. 37. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Press, Papers, Utensils, or Implements, and Part or Parts thereof, and all such Model or Plan, MoJels or Plans, and Part or Parts thereof, together with the Packages, and all other Goods packed therewith, if any such there be, but also to bring the Person or Persons so complained of before him or them, or fume other of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the same County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty, Shire, Stewartry, or Place; and if, when such Person or Persons shall be brought before such Justice or Justice?, he, she, or they, shall not give such an Account of the Use or Purpose to which such Machines, Engines* Tools, Press, Papers, Utensils, or Implements, and Part or Parts thereof, and all such Model or Plan, Models or Plans* and Part or Parts thereof, are intended to be appropriated, as shall be satisfactory to the Justice or Justices before whom he, she, or they, shall be brought as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, not only to cause all such Machines, Engines, Tools, Press, Papers, Utensils, or Implements, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, which shall have been seized as aforesaid, together with the Packages, and all other Goods packed therewith, to be detained, but also to bind the Person or Persons so charged to appear at the next Assizes, General Gaol Delivery, or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, Stewartry, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, with reasonable Sureties for his, her, or their Appearance; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to give such Security, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit the Person or Persons so refuting to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept until the next Assizes, or next Quarter Sessions, of the County, City, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where such Commitment shall be, and until he, she, or they, shall be delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any such Person or Persons shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, upon any Indictment or Information against him, her, or them, at such Assizes or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, the Person or Persons lo offending shall, for every such Offence, not only forfeit all such Machines, Engines, Tools, Press, Paper, Utensils, or Implements, Models or Plans, or Parts thereof respectively, together with the Packages, and all other Goods packed therewith, if any such there be, but also the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain \ and shall also suffer Imprisonment in the Common Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, of the County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, wherein such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the Space of twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and until such Forfeiture shall be paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, and to and for any Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, and they are hereby required to seize, and secure in some or one of his Majesty's Warehouses, all such Machines, Engines, Tools, Press, Papeis, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts thereof, and all and every such Model or Plan, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, as such Officer shall find or discover, to be laid or put on Board, or intended to be laid or put on Board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall not be bound directly to some Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, together with the Packages, and all other Goods packed therewith, if any such there be, and they are hereby indemnified in so doing; and all Machines, Engines, Tools, Press, Papers, Utensils, and Implements, or Part or Parts thereof. Model or Plan, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, together with the Pac kages, and other Goods packed therewith, so seized and secured as aforesaid, shall, after Condemnation thereof in due Course of Law, be publickly sold to the bed Bidder, by Order of the Commissioners of the Cuf}on:s in Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland respectively *, and one Moiety of the Produce arising by the Sale thereof, after deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer who shall seize and prosecute the same as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, if the Captain or Master of any Ship, Vefle), or Boat, in Great Britain or Ireland, shall knowingly or designedly permit or suffer any Machine, Engine, Tool, Press, Paper, Utensil, or Implement, or Part or Parts thereof, or any Model or Plan, or Part or Parts thereof, by this Act prohibited to be exported as aforesaid, to be put on Board his said Ship, Vessel, or Boat, every such Captain or Master shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and if the said Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, then the Captain, or Master thereof, shall not only forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, but shall also forfeit his Employment, and be incapable of holding any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs in Great Britain, or any Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, shall take, or knowingly or willingly suffer to be taken, any Entry outward, or shall P.gn any Cocket, Warrant, or Sufferance, for the shipping or exporting of any of the said Machines, En- gums, Tools, Press, Papers, Utensils, or Implements, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the said Models or Plans, or any Part or Parts thereof, by this Act prohibited to be exported, or shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer the same to be done, directly or indirectly, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs of Great Britain, or Officer of the Revenue in Ireland\ shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be incapable of holding any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein-before mentioned (the Manner of Recovery whereof is not herein before particularly directed) shall and may be sued for and recovered, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, or in any of the

45

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 37.

four Courts at Dublin, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or Lord Advocate, or in the Name of some Officer or Officer^ of the Customs in Great Britain, or some Officer or Officers of the Revenue in Ireland respectively; wherein no Essoign, Protectgn, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that one Moiety, of- the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Officer or Officers of the Customs or Revenue, as shall sue and prosecute for the same respectively, after deducing the Charges of Prosecution from the Whole. i

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Dav of Jitney if any Person or Persons hath or have in his, her, or their Custody, Power, or Possession, or mail collect, obtain, make, apply for, or cause or procure to be made, any such Machine, Engine, Too), Press, Paper, Utensil, or Implement, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any such Model or Plan, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, with Intent to export, or that the same may be exported to some other Port or Place than Great Britain or Ireland, and Complaint being made, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, that there is Reason to believe such Person or Persons hath or have in his, her, or their Custody, Power, or Post'ession, or hath or have collected, obtained, made, applied for, or caused or procured to be made, any such Machine, Engine, Tool, Press, Paper, Utensil, or Implement, or Part or Parts thereof, or any such Model or Plan, or Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, as aforesaid, with Intent to export, or that the same may be exported to some other Port or Place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices of the Peace to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to seize all such Machines, Engines, Tools, Press, Papers, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts thereof, and all such Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, as aforesaid, and to bring the Person or Persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his Majesty:*s Justices of the Peace for the same County, City, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place; and if such Person or Persons shall not give such an Account of the Use or Purpose to which such Machines, Engines, Tools, Press, Papers, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts thereof. Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, is, arc, or were intended to be appropriated, as shall be satisfactory to the Justice or Justices before whom he, she, or they shall be brought as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to cause all such Machines, Engines, Tools, Press, Paper, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts thereof, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, which shall have been so seized as aforesaid, to be detained, and also to bind the Person or Persons so charged to appear at the next Affixes, General Gaol Delivery, or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the County, City, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, with reasonable Sureties for his, her, or their Appearance; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to give such Security, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Person or Persons to the County Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, there to remain until the next Assizes or Quarter Sessions of the County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty, Stewartry, or Place where such Commitment shall be, and until he, she, or they shall be delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any such Person or Persons shall be convicted, upon any Indictment or Information against him, her, or them, at such Assizes or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, of having in his, her, or their Custody, Power, or Possessijon, or of having collected, obtained, made, applied for, or caused or procured to be made, any such Machine, Engine, Tool, Press, Paper, Utensil, or Implement, or Part or Pans thereof, Model or Plan, or Part or Parts thereof, with such Intent as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the Person or Persons so convicted shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose all such Machines, Engines, Tools, Press, Papers, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts thereof. Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, which shall be so seized and detained, and also the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall suffer Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of the County, City, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, wherein such Offender or Offenders respectively shall be convicted, for the Space of twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and until such Forfeiture shall be paid. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, in this Clause mentioned, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of twelve Months next after such Offence shall be committed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Forfeitures by this Act inflicted upon Offenders against the same, shall, when recovered (where the same is not by this Act otherwise provided), go and be applied to the Use of the Informer, after the Expences of the Prosecution are paid.

[Treble Costs.]

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced against any Person for what he shall do in pursuance of this Act, such Suit or Action shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fad committed, and the Person so sued may file common Bail, or enter a Common Appearance, and plead the General Iffiue Not Guilty, and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuit, or suffer Discontinuance, o: if a Verdict pass against him or her, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover

IX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to the preventing Wool Cards, or Stock Cards, not exceeding in Value four Shillings per Pair, and Spinners Cards not exceeding in Value one Shilling and Sixpence per Pair, used in the said Woollen Manufacture* from being exported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America.

If Oafh ChaM be m i lr before \

Jv (lice of any such rrohioi'el Mj chines, &c. being inter*1' d to be t-xp.irrc\ they may be fr zrd ?nJ tie. tamrd, and the Person ?n w hofs PolV'-iTion they

are found may be bound to appear at the next AlVuc#, &:c.

On Neglect of giving SeitiMy, the Party may be coma.uicd.

Penalty or.C viction.

Prosecution be commenced v.i'hin twelve Months, Forfeiture, (where not o'hrrw;fe provided,) ro £.0 to the Informer. Limitation of Actions,

Gm *ial IiTpe.

[Treble Costs.]

Not to eitend to Wool Cards, &c. exported to A.« nicnca.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

46 C. 38.

[Preamble,

Commissiontcts:

who are co&rtl-t'Jted a Court of JuIHlc,

Meetings.

Their Meeting not ro interrupt the Bufmelt of the Justices, Commissioners Powers.

Ctfting Vote.

When Commissioners die, or refuse to act, new ooes to be ^hefen.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the same Town.

WHEREAS the Town of Braerley, from its Situation near the Centre of the East Riding of the County of York) and where all public Meetings on Business for the same Riding are usually held* is a Place of great Trade and Business, not only from its large periodical Fairs, and weekly or other Markets, but from the Navigation carried on there, in transporting the Produce of an extensive In); nd Country to other Markets: And whereas there are many ill-dispoied Persons who often contract Smu’i 4 Debts, and, although able, refute to pay the same, presuming on the Discourage ments which Creditors lie under, from the Expences they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays which they meet with, in suing for such Debts in the County Court, which is upwards or thirty Miles distant from the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, and the several Parishes of the same: And whereas the providing of a more easy and speedy Method for the Recovery of Small Debts will greatly tend to promote Industry, as well as support and encourage useful Credit within the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, and the several Patches of the same May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ConLnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament all-moled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Aldermen, Recorder, and Capital Burgcdes, of the Town of Beverley for the Time being, Robert Appleton, John Arden, John Audas senior. Jobj Audit, Isaac Broadiey, IFiliiam Brown, George Broun, Thomas Booth, ALwmadnke Broun, Richard Butler, Samuel Bland, Robert Burton, Robert But ten, John Courtney, John Craven, Francis Clubby, George Cade, Thomas Clark, the Reverend Francis Drake D. D. Thomas Dunn, John Dickinson, Joj.fh Dick: on, Rhine as Ellis, Richard Fmpfon, the Reverend George Ferriman, Richard Fox, John Ferny, Samuel Fen by, Michael Farthinp, Jtrerniah Fishivub, the Rev< r nd James Graves, Jof pb Goujon, John Godj.n, ll idiom Got wo od, Richard Hutton, ll idiom Hdl, Robert Herdjmnn, John Hunter, the Reverend 'jerkfon, the Reverend Jhrjon,

Doctor John Johnfcn, Richard Judson, John Jack]on, Robert A.v /*v, Jv'n Airbus, Henry Regard, T\ni: Lundy, H’dliam Lundy, J don Lee, IFiUtam La.bo^n, Tiornas AntcaJ0, Manuel Alarm, John Ah ns, Robert Norris senior, Robert Norris, Stephen Oxtory, John Over end, me Reverend Rigb', Charles Ro-

binfon, Henry Charles Raqueneau, Joseph Smith, Ferdinand Stanhope, Doctor J. Samp/ >n, J/aac

Spencer, Isaac Spencer, It alter StavcLy, Jyhn Stave by. Batty St err, ll ills am Stephen/on, I! arm fey Todd, John Typer, John Ton?, Francis Taylor, Thomas I bids, John Hud, L. It hi taker, Richard

kinson, Thomas Wrightfn, John ICiiijm, and William 1 Fardel I, and their Sucre llors, to be <-lcfted in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners to hear and decermine all such Mutters of Debras are herein after mentioned; and the said Commissioners, and their Suco lfors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name ot The Court of Reynejls for the Town and liberties of Beverhv, and the several Patijhes of the same Town; and they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby impowered and icquired to meet and hold the lu'd Court on every fourth U ednr 1 Pay, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion, in the Town or Gmlj Mali or toe said Town, or at any other convctrent Place within the said Town and Liberties, and Panlhes of the f.mie, to be appointed by the major Part of such of the Commissioners as shall be assembled at any such Meeting; and that the first Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held on the HeJncJday Month next aLer the passing of this Act.

II. Provided nevertheless That the Meetings in pursuance of this Act shall not impede or interrupt the Business at any Time to be done by or before his Majesty's Justices of Assize, Justice of Over and Terminer, Justices of Gaol Delivery, or Justices of the Peace, ufuaPy done, htid, or kept, in the said Town or Guild Hall; and that the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, from "Lime to Time assembled at such Courts, shall, and are hereby authorised and fully impowered to hear and determine all such causes as are hereafter mentioned, a ml to give hi h Judgments, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, Mth Colls, ag.-infl the Hotly and Bodies, or against the Goods, of all and every the Person and Pi* rib ns against whom the v (ft;’!! give any such Juiigment, or make any such Order or Decree, as to them shall fe^m just in I aw or l:q lity j and if the Conimitiiuners so assembled shall happen to be eqwa’.Iy divided upon any (Judhon Mat may corre before them, the Mayor of the Borough for the Time being, if prelcnr, or in Ins abtence the lenior Alderman prefenr, and if no Alderman is prefenr, then the Commissioner present who ir.-nds frit in the Lift of G>moh limners, to be hung up in the Court or Place where the Commissioners (hJi mee:, shall have another and the calling Vote.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, on the Death, or Refusal to act, of any of the Commissioners herein btDrc particularly named, or of any of their Successors to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, it fhidl be lawful for the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Town of Beverley for the Trme being, or the major Parc of thmi when assembled together, and they are hereby required to assemble together within the bpace ot one iVLnth next alter such Deceare or Refusal to act flbalJ happen or be known, eras (oon after as conveniently may be, and to elect and appoint one Commissioner in the Stead of such Commissioner so dying or refuting to act; and every such Commissioner so elect d shall be, and is hereby enabled to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby

framed to the Commissioners aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intent* and Purposes, as if he had ecu particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 38. 47

IV. And, to the End that no undue Preference may be made and given in summoning the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, to attend the said Court,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Serjeant of the said Court for the Time being, to be no- H°w Commis-minated or elected as herein after mentioned, shall summon the Mayor and one Alderman, or two Alder- ^oneri aT«tQ men, together with fix other Commissioners, beginning with the Mayor and one Alderman, and fix other ummoce Commissioners who shall be first named in the Lilt ot Commissioners to be hung up in the said Court, to attend the said Court as Commissioners for four Weeks then next ensuing, and shall afterwards from Time to Time, once a Month, summon the like Number of Commissioners, as they shall (land in Order and Rotation upon the said Lift.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to exclude or debar any of the Com- Commitonner* missioners for the Time being from fitting in the said Court, although such Commissioners shall not have m3y though been summoned, or (land in Rotation to be summoned, but that such Commissioners, if they shall think n<H !umn, oned* fit so to do, shall and may fit, hear, determine, give Judgment, and make Orders and Decrees in the said

Court; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Method of Pm.

k(h*ll and maybe lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or here-

after shall have, any Debt or Debts, under the Value of forty Shillings, due or owing, or belonging unto Debts unices, him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee

to any other Person or Persons, by or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, inhabiting or reading within, the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, or the several Parishes of the same Town, or using or frequenting the Markets thereof, or usually buying or selling, or seeking a Livelihood therein, or failing r navigating to and from the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, or any Wharfs or Landing Places within the Parishes of the same, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, who shall immediately make out and deliver to the Serjeant of the said Court for the Tune being ( who is Clerk to Iff!* hereby authorised and required to execute all Warrants, Precepts, and Processes of the said Court of Re- Prjcrfs to the quests) a Summons in Writing, under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtor?, expressing the Scrjc*»m*

Sum demanded of him, her, or them, the Party demanding, and requiring him, her, or them, to appear

at a certain Time and Place, to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said

Court, to answer such Complaint; and the Serjeant of the said Court shall forthwith cause such Summons Manner of Ser.

to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house, vice.

Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or trading of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Limits of the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, or Parishes of the same, with his, her, or their Servant, or other Person belonging to him, her, or them; and that upon Proof lrp°n Proof made that such Summons had been duly served, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, ^’fl-\hn7rc, assembled in Court, being a Majority of such Court, are hereby impowered and required to make due alTue*

Inquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such termine. final Judgment or Sentence thereupon, and award such Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Confrience: And for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determina- Commissioners tion of Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said to admhuiter Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Courr, and they are hereby impowered, to 0 thi-gdminiitcr, or cause to be administered, an Oath or Oaths to either of the said Parties willing to be examined touching the Matters then in question, and to such Witness or Witmflfes as shall be produced by each Party, and to the Officers of the said Court, and also to any other Person or Persons whose Evidence shall seem necessary, towards the hearing or determining any of the said causes, or making any Older or Decree herein, or for any other Purposes requisite to the Execution of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Debtor or Debtors, who shall Upcn fron-pp.

have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Court at the Time and Place men- (K'*ti,v;e ’ c" honed in the said Summons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Jra*

three or more of them so assembled, being a Majority of the said Court, after due Proof made, upon Oath, tc

of the Service of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid, to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs of Iv, and to make such O/der, Decree, or Judgment, and to award reasonable Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem moll: agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of Return of the cwm fii mir. Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not rn N " ^-reappear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demand, to the Satisfaction of the Cuutr, *rc °.r

but become nonfimed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and oblige the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are he;tin provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered and decreed by the said Court.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commis- Commissioners sioners, or any three or more of them, as aforesaid, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment ay Exe-of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, CUU0;I> being a Majority of the said Court, to award Execution cither against the Body or Goods of the Party

against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the said Court, at the Prayer of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money,

to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way of Capias ad satisfaciendum, or Fieri Facias, to the

Serjeant of the said Court; who, by virtue of any such Precept issued, upon Execution awarded against and may commit

the Body of such Party, shall and may, and is hereby impowered to take such Party, being within the the parry to the

laid Town and Liberties of Beverley.) or the Parishes of the same* and carry him, her, or them, to the

Common

48

C. 38.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

and may levy upon the Goods of the Farty.

In case Party ab-

Iconds, second ' Execution may be illucii.

‘ If Court order L»cht .0 be paid by In'1-tlment?, upon Default P.xecu ion to if-1»« I of the Whole.

On Evccnrion, Clerk to indot & the Debt and Coll?, and of Execution.

In what Case to be frpcrieded.

Parties may

compn.mise vntho t Leave of the Court.

Giving a difefe-tionary Power to Coram ilfioncii in rtl’pest to Imprisonment and Execution.

/ft'»rnies not ptiv.lc^eJ.

Serjeant suffering Escape, or Goods to be earned away, to pay the D.bt and jCoiU.

Common Gaol or House of Correction Tor the said Town, there to remain until he, she, or they, fiull perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment; so as no Persons shall remain in Confinement, upon any such Execution, for a longer Space than thfee Calendar Months; and, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon Execution awarded against the Goods of nnv such Party, shall and may, and is hereby nn-powered to levy, by Diltreis and bale of the Goods of such Party, being within the said Town and Liberties of Leverlc^ or Parishes of the same, such Sum or Sums of Monty, and Coifs, as shall be (o ordered, decreed, and adjudged; and if the Party against whose B<dy or Goods any such Execution shall he awarded, and Pioceis thereupon shall issue, shall, by absconding, or by feceting his, her, or their Goods, or by any ocher Means prevent or evade the Service or Filed of ary such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, upon due Proof made to them, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that the Service or Effet of the said Execution hid been prevented or evaded, at their Discretion to award another Execution, cipher against the Body or GoncU of such Party; anil Process shall issue thereupon, and be served by the Serjeant of the said Court, in Manner as is aforesaid: And in case the Lid Court shall at any Time, up< n the Rrqwft, and for the E.ife and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order, decree, or adjmjge a Dv (>t due to the Plaintiff or Piainnfft, to be paid by several Payments, upon the firlEDefault ot Failure of any of the said P ynients so or ered, decreed, and adjudged-, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of the m, afkmbled in such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, at the instar.ee of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, shall and may award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part the.’et f as shall remain unpaid at the Time of such Default or Failure, together with such further Coifs as to them shall seem meet, to be recovered by the same Methods and Means as are heiein provided for the Recovery of a Debt and Costs first decreed, the former Order, Decree, or Judgment, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Precept to be issued upon Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons, the Clerk ,of the said Court shall Indorse, or cause to be indorsed, the Sum or Sums, and CofE, so ordered, decreed, or adjudged; and if the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded, respectively shall, before any actual Sale of the Goods, oriefore he or she is apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his ' 1 her Imprison-ment, pay or cause to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk, of the said Com r such Sum or S^ s, and Cods, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over the said Debt and Costs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in full for the same, and also the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for Gaol Fees (in case such Person or Persons shall have been committed to Prison), then, and in any such Case, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Goods of the i*id Furry shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Parties in any Suit which shall be brought in the said Court, to compromise and settle such Suit, cither before Hearing or after Judgment, without having the Leave of or being obliged to apply to the said Court, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, for that Purpose, and without any further or other Costs than those which shall have been then incurred.

XII. And whereas it is but just and humane, and would tend to promote Integrity and Industry, if the diligent, honest, and unfortunate Defendant or Debtor was distinguished and (incriminated, as much as can be, in the Judgment or Decree of the Commissioners, from such as (with an Intent to defraud their Creditors of their just Debts, and in order to prevent -their recovering the fame) shall fell, secrete, or dispose of their Goods and Chanels, or remote the same out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, or by an extravagant, dissolute, idle, or negligent Course of Life, shall disable themselves from paying their just Debts, or, from obstinate or di(honest Principles, shall rtffufe to pay such Debts / be it therefore further enacted, Th*t in case it shall appear to any three or^more of the said Commissioners, being the Majority of such Commissioners upon the hearing of any Cause, or afterwards, to their full Satisfaction, in open Court, that the Debtor or Defendant therein is unable to pay and discharge the Debt therVby de-. manded, from some unavoidable Accident, and not from any of the aforesaid causes, then, and in that Case, such Commissioners shall not award Execution against the B^dy of such last mentioned Defendant or Debtor; nor shall the B^d and Bedding, or working Tools, of himself or Family, be taken or sold by any Fieri Facias, or other Execution; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege, or pretended Privilege, shall be allowed to exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of this Act, from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requtfts, on account of his being a sworn Attorney or Solicitor of any of the Courts at Westminster, or of any other Courts whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant of the said Court, who shall be empl. yed to serve an Execution, shall, by wilful or notorious Neglect or Connivance, cause or fufter the Party, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or abfeord, or the Goods of such Party to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not h.ive its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, aflrmbled at any such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, upon Complaint made, and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the same Methods and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of other Debts.

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 38, 49

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting Commissionert as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath, or made an Affirma- tobesworn. tion (being of the People called Quakers), to the Effect following \ that is to say,

‘ T i B. do swear, or affirm. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of The Oath.

my Judgment, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue of an Act of Parliament for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the 7own and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the fameToivny without Favour, Affec- tion, or Prejudice to either Party.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath, or Affirmation, the Clerk of the said Court, or any one of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court, and a Memorial thereof shall be entered in the Registers of the said Court by the said Clerk.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Ejkricke Hancock of Beverley aforesaid, Gentleman, shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requeih, during his good Behaviour in the said Office, and shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time to appoint a Deputy; which said Clerk, or his Deputy, is hereby impowered and required to issue out all Summonses. Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and Judgments of the said Court; and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in proper Books to be provided by him, and kept for that Purpose, all the Adds and Proceedings of the said Court.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Thomas Duncum of Beverley shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court of Requests, during his good Behaviour, for the feiving of Summonses, and executing such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and doing and performing such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein appointed to be done by him.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that the Place or Places of Clerk and Serjeant shall become vacant, the Mayor of the said Town for the Time being shall, and is hereby required, within ten Days after such Vacancy shall happen, to cause all the said Commissioners for the Time being to be summoned to meet at the Town or Guild Hall of the said Town, at a certain Time by him to be appointed, so as the same shall not be less than four Days, nor more than fourteen Days, after such Vacancy shall happen, and the Mayor for the Time being have Knowledge thereof; and the Commissioners assembled pursuant to such Summons, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall nominate and appoint another fit and able Person or Persons to be Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court, during his or their good Behaviour.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk and Serjeant for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Add; that is to say.

Appointment of the Ciexk

and of the Serjeant.

For appointing future Clerks, and Serjeants,

Whit Fees to be taken.

For issuing every Summons, to the Clerk, Six-pence:

For Service of every Summons, and attending the Court with Return, to the Serjeant, Three-pence: For entering the Cause, to the Clerk, Six-pence.:

For every Hearing, to the Clerk, Three-pence:

For every Order, to the Clerk, Three-pence:

For entering every Order and Making, to the Clerk, Three-pence:

For Service of every Order against a Party not in Court, and attending with Return, to the Serjeant, Six-pence:

For a Nonsuit on the Plaintiff’s not appearing, to the Clerk, Two-pence:

For an Attachment against the Defendant for not appearing, to the Clerk, Six-pence;

To the Serjeant, for Service thereof, one Shilling:

For acknowledging Satisfaction thereof, to the Clerk, Three-pence:

For an Execution, to the Clerk, one Shilling:

To the Serjeant, for Service thereof, one Shilling:

For a Subpoena, to the Clerk, Six-pence:

To the Serjeant, for Service thereof, Two-pence:

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk, Six pence:

For every Search of the Books, to the Clerk, Three-pence:

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up, by the Clerk of the said Court, in some conspicuous Part of the said Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persons who shall attend the said Court may fee and read the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Costs to be given, awarded, or allowed, by the said Commissioners, in any Case whatsoever, shall exceed the Sum of seven Shillings and Ten-pence; nor shall there be awarded or allowed any other or greater Fees when the Cause is against several Defendants, than if such Cause had been against one Defendant only (Fees for Copies and Service of any Process, Rule, or Order, only excepted).

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, or Serjeant of the said Court for the Time being, or any of them, shall knowingly take or demand any greater or other Fee or Fees than as herein mentioned, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, made in open Court, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court,

CoAt to be

awarded, not to exceed a limited Sura*

Penalty on taking greater Fern*

H

Jhal),

5°

Commissioners may, for Misbehaviour, suspend or remove the Clerk or Serjeant,

Commissioners or Officers not to act where interested.

Penalty on Per. fens infulnng the Corona Abner* or Officers,

Application of Fines.

Copy of th’s Clause to be fix <d up in the Court,

No Action for Debt.s tecoter-?ble in this C)Uit, to be brought in ary other Court.

1To wKit this Act fhili noc extend.

C. 38. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 178r.

shall, and are hereby required and impowered, From Time to Time, to punish such Offender by Fine, not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, for one Offence \ to be levied by IXffrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hjruls and Seals of the said Commissioners, or-any three or more of them, rendering to the Owner the Overplus (if any), after the Charges of such Distress and Sole are deducted; which Fine and Fines, when recovered, shall he paid to the Treasurer or treasurers for the Time bung of the Trustees, Governor, Deputy Governor, and Guardians of the Poor of Beverley aforesaid, for and towards the MAntenance of such Poor as fh.dl or may be chargeable to the said Town; and if the Clerk or Serjeant ct the said Court, or either of them, for the Time being, shall be guilty of any notorious Misbehavio ir, cuher by frequently taking or dwmanding gicater or other Fees as aforesaid, or otherwise, in the Execution of their rdpctSlive Offices, upon Complaint made, the said Commissioners, or any three nr more of them, fliA], in open Court, hear and inquire into the Matter of the said Misbehaviour, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and shall, if they (being a Majority of the said Court) think fit, certify the Particulars of the said Misbehaviour, with the Pi oofs then‘0:, unto the Mayor of the said Town for the Time being, who shall thereupon cause all the said Commissioners to be summoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, and shall lay the same before the Commissioners assembled pursuant to such Summons, who shall take the same into Con fide rfu ion; and rnay, according to their Discretions, suspend or remove the said Clerk or Serjeant so offending, from his said Office, and nominate and appoint another fit and able Person, to cxeicife the said Office, in the Place and Stead of him so removed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Commissioners of the said Court for the 1'imc being shall be Party to, or interested in any Cause depending, in the Court, such Person shall not be capable of asting as a Commissioner in the hearing c r determining the said Cause, or making any Older, Decree, or Judgment therein, bur, after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw until the same is finally determined; and if the Clerk, or orher Officer of the said Court, for the Time being, shall be a Party to, or intended in any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or Other Officer shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or any Thing relating thereto; but the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, I cing a Majority of the said Court, shall and may appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk, or other Officer te-fprAlively, in all Things relating to such Cause.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Infulc

or abuie all or any of the Commissioners or other Officers of the said Court for the Time bem^, either during their Sitting in the said Court, or going to or from the said Court, or shall at any other Time or Place interrupt the Officers, or obstruct the Proceedings of the said Court, it shall and nuy be lawful for the Serjeant of the said Court (with or without the Assistante of any other Person or Tcrfins), by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to Cake such Offender or Offenders into Custody; and upon the Insult, Abuse, or other Mish haviour as aforesaid, being duly proved in open Court, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible AVitneis or Witnesses, the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, if present, or in his Absence the senior Alderman present, and if no Alderman is pm’cnt, then such tlnee of the Commissioners present who stand full in the List of Commissioners as aforesaid, shall, and are hereby required and impowered to punish every such Offender, either by Fine, not exceeding sorry Shillings, nor under five Shilling, upon any one Person for any one Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, or by Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of the said Town, for any Space of Time not exceeding two Months; and where the said Mayor, Alderman, or three to (Sling Commissioners as aforesaid, shall have imposed a Fi.ic upon such Offender, and there shall not be found sufficient Go^ds of Huh Offender whereupon such Fine can be levied, the said Mayor, Alderman, or three acting Commissioners for the Time being, Avail and may, lmm Time to Time, by Warrant under his or 1 heir Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seal, commit the said Offender to the Common Gaol

of the said Town, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding two Months; and all such Fines

as aforesaid shall, when raised or levied, be paid or applied in like Manner 3^ the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied; and that the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being

fl.all, from Time to Time, cause a true Copy of this Clause to be fixed up in the find Court or Place

where the said Commissioners shall meet, in fume conspicuous Part thereof, where the Persons resorting to the said Court may fee and read the same.

XXIV7. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt not amounting to the Value of fuicy Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Re-quells, shall be brought againfit r.ny Person or Persons in any other Court whatso»*ver, and concerning v. nich any O.der, D-.vrCr, or Judgment, shall have been before made or given in the said Court of Ro quiffs'; such Order, Decree, or Judgment, being pleaded or given in Evidence on the General Issue of such Action or Suit, shall, as to the Matters contained therein, be an effectual Bar to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such A: I ion or Suit; and the Registers or Books of Entry of the said Court, or true Copies art died under the Hand of the Clerk of the said Court of Rrqueff.s for the Tim? being, and proved by the Oath or Oaths of cne or more credib’c Witness or Wirn* fffs, shall he deemed legal Evidence of the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court c.f Rcqutfb; and no Suit which shall be commenced in the (Aid Court of Requests, m p.irfusnce of this ASI, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any fupcrUy Court; but (he fame shall be final and, conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Acb, or any Thing herein contained, shall riot extend to any Debt for Rent upon sny Lease or Contract where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, tai or rnay come in Chicflion; hor to any Debt, Matter, or Tiling, that fhdi or may a'rife upon, orany wife relate to -or concern any Caulc of Ti^tainene or Ma-

2 ?1010"

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

UrEO&ttl

TImw p*'j ire i Pc/ft ;ir. to be

punishid.

committed by this Act.

Penalty- on then* refilling, nr (offering an Efiape*

trimony, or any Thing concerning or prope/ly belonging to the Ecclesufttcal Courts; nor for any Debt for any Money or Thing won at or by means of any Horse-race, Cot k-match. Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor to any Debt, Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise, made to or with any Person keeping an Ale-house, Tipling-rM/use, or Dram-,shop, \o pay for Ale, Beer, pr Spirituous Liquors, or any Security given touching or on account thereof; nor for any Forfeiture upon any Penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt whereof there has not been a Contract, Acknowledgment,

Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out the Summons, altnough the Line shall be under the Value of forty Shillings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, in making Oaths, or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests, pursuant to this Act, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, such Person or Persons, being duly convicted thereof, according to Law, shall incur and suffer such Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons con-vt#ed of wilful and corrupt Perjury is, are, or shall be subject and liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers for the Gaoler re Time being of the Common Gaol or House of Correction within the said Town, shall, and they a e ceivernfnns hereby required to receive and take into their Custody respectively, all and every Person and Persons who ill all be committed-, or ordered to stand committed, by any three or more of the said Comnfilftoners present in Court, being the Majority of such Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process, issuing out of the said Court of Requefis; and in case the said Keeper of the said Gaol or House of Correction reflectively shall neglect or refuse to take and receive into his Custody, any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or shall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his Custody, discharge such Person or Persons out of his Custody, or wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by three or more of the said Commissioners, being a Majority of the said Commissioners present, such Keeper respectively offending in either of the said cases, and being thereof convicted before any one or more of his Majesty's Jufbces of the Peace for the said Town, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon his own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor ItTs than forty Shillings, of lawful Money of Great Britain, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; and such Sum shall be immediately paid, by the Person so offending, into the Hands of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convi#ed, or in Default thereof shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if aov bej to such Offender, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being the reout first deducted; which Forfeiture, when paid or levied, shall be immediately paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney of any Court of No Attorney to Record shall be permitted to appear in the said Court of Requests, as Attorney or Advocate in Behalf of ^ocjte, any Plaintiff or Defendant, or be admitted to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said Court, in which AttorDPy* such Attorney is not himself a Party or Witness, under a Penalty of twenty Pounds, to be levied and applied as above mentioned, with respect to Keepers of the said Gaol or House of Correction; nor shall any such Attorney, unless he shall be one of the Aldermen for the Time being, a# as a Commissioner in the said Court of Requests, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons rending within the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, and Parities of the same Town, shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, to appear at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, or, when appearing, refuse to give Evidence upon Oath or Affirmation, on due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence being shewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath or Affirmation being made before the same Commissioners, by the Party or Parties at whose Instance, or on whole Behalf, such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith was or were a material Witness or Witnesses for such Party or Parties, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, and being a Majority of them, to impose a Fine not exceeding fifty Shillings, nor left th in five Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Instance, or on whole Behalf, such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ shall be Jued out against, No Commission-nor any Copy of any Process at the Suit of any Person or Persons shall be served cn, any of the said Com- cr or Office missioners, pr any of the Officers of the said Court for the Time being, for any Thing by him or them done in the Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, unul Notice in Writing of such intended Writ or Process shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual Place of his or their Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who imends to sue, or cause the same to be sued or served, at least one Calendar Month before the suing out or ftrving the fame; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action which such Party bath, or elairncth to have, against such Commissioner or Offigcr* on {he Back of which Notice shall be indorsed the Name of such Attorney or

H 2 Agent,

or

Coramiifijuerr

Witness not

obeying Sub-perna or Summons, to be fined.

be /bed until after Notice given*

5*

Qualification of Cwnmissioneri*

Commission or #r Officer may teo-dtr Amtnds, Ac,

Flaintlflf not to recover unless such No ice be

proved.

Amends may be tendered pending the Suit,

Ho Evidence to be given but vrhat ii contained in the Notice,

Limitation of Action*.

Central 1/Tue

T*lr’c Ct fit.

Public A a.

C 39. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 17S1,

Agent* together with the Place of his Abode, who shall be intitled to have the Fee of twenty Shillings for the preparing and serving of such Notice, and no more.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of afling a? a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be an Householder within the Town or Liberties of Beverley, or shall be possessed of a Real Estate of the annual Value of twenty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of three hundred Pounds; and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall act as a Commissioner, every Person so acting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, ro any Pci son or Pi r-fons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proot being given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioner or Officer, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice given as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his Attorney or Agent; and in case the same shall not be accepted, to plead such Tender in 13ai to any Action to be brought against him, gmundid on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea, with Leave of Court; and if, upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff shall become non-suited, or lltall discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgment shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, such Defendant shall be entitled to the like Costs as he would have been entitled unto in case he had pleaded the General Issue only; and if, upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficirnt, and also against the Defendant or Defendants in such other Plea or Plea?, then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, which he or she shall recover, together with his or her Costs of Suit.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against such Commissioner or Officer, in any Case where the Action shall be grounded cn any Act of the Defendant as a Commissioner or Officer, unless it is proved, upon the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given as aforesaid ;-but in Default thereof, such Commissioner or Officer shall recover a Verddt and Costs as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Commissioner or Officer shall negle£I to tender any Amends, or shall tender infoffieient Amends, before the Action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Action as aforesaid, of any Cause of AvSiion, except such as is contained in the Notice hereby directed to be given-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Acbon or Suit shall be commenced 2g3inft any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this A iff, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next afrer the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the Town of Beverley^ or in the County of 2’sr/', and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actiun or Suit shall and may plead the Gcner.il I/Fue, and give this Act, and the Special M itter, in Evidence at any Tn d to be had thereon: And if it shall happen ro be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein before limited in that Behalf, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, tfwn the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and up*»n such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become n^n'uitc*?, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if upon Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble such Cods as are usually t3\cd and allowed between Party and Party, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have rn any other Cases by Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That flys Act fh dl he deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as Iu,h by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

Troomble.

Geo. nr.

Cap. 69. rc-«iM4»

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for further securing the Property of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels as are liable to Forfeiture for importing Spirits or other Goods, by the Misconduct of the Masters, Mates, and Seamen.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty intituled, An Act for the more effectually preverting the Practices Smuggling in this king-

dom; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty Of'nun against the Laws of the Cu/foms and Exaje,

upon the Terms therein mentioned), it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That where any foreign Brandy,

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 39, 5$

or other foreign Spirituous Liquors, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into tny Port,

Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, from any Part of Europe, in any Vessel or Calk which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the least (excepting only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on Board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman), then not only the said Brandy, and other foreign Spirituous Liquors, but also the Ship or Vessel

in which the same shall be so imported, of whatever Burthen the same may be, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited and lost: And whereas, by the said recited Act, it is further enacted, That when any Tea, Coffee, foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors, are liable to Forfeiture for being found on Board any Ships or Vessels, coming or arriving from foreign Parrs, at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within two Leagues of the Coasts thereof, or for having been discovered to have been within the Limits of any Port contrary to any Act of Parliament now in Force, the Ship or Vessel, if coming.

or arriving from any Part of Europe, on Board of which such Goods shall be so found, together with an her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, provided such Ship or VefTd doth not exceed the Burthen of two hundred Tons: And whereas, by the aforesaid in Part re- cited Act, and several other Acts of Parliament, Ships or Vessels of the Descriptions therein mentioned are liable to Seizure and Forfeiture for clandestinely importing, or having on Board, any Quantity of foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, or Coffee whatsoever, over and above the limited Quantities of such Goods now allowed by Law to be imported, whereby the Owners of such Ships or Vessels may sustain great Loss and Injury in their Property, by the Misconduct of the Matters, Mates, and Mariners,

navigating such Ships or Vessels: And whereas it would not only tend to the further Security of the Owners of Ships or Vessels of all Descriptions, and of whatever Burthen the same may be, which by any Law now in Force are liable to Forfeiture, but also be a Means to prevent the illicit Practice of Smuggling, if some further Punishment was infl cled upon the Masters, Mates, and Seamen, having the Charge and Command of such Ships or Vessels ;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Loras Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of jfune% one thousand seven hun- After Junes*, dred and eighty-one, if the Matter of any Ship or Vessel, of which he has the Charge and Command, J’*1* if the shall clandestinely hide or conceal, or fufter to be clandestinely hid or concealed, by his Mate or Seamen, VefoVihlnConor any of them, in any Part of such Ship or Vessel, or in any Chest or other Thing belonging thereto, cc\\t &c. foreign any Quantity of foreign Spirituous Liquors, over and above the Quantity of two Gallons for each Seaman Spirit, Tea, vr on Board, or any Quantity of Tea above the Weight of six Pounds, or any Quantity of Coffee above the Coffee, above a Weight of nineteen Pounds; or if the Matter of such Ship or Vessel shall clandestinely import, or suffer hrmted <E,an-to be clandestinely imported therein, any such foreign Spirituous Liquors, or any other uncustomed Goods °rnc*ftom* whatsoever, whereby the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel become liable to any Penalties, or fd Ccodi, he whereby such Ship or Vessel itself is liable to be forfeited, the Matter of such Ship or Vessel shall not only /halt forfeit to forfeit to the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel all his Wages that shall be then due to him, but hj* Owner* all shall also forfeit Treble the Value of all such foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, Coffee, or any other un- *e^act* customed Goods whatsoever, over and above the Penalties to which the Matter of such Ship or Vessel j^o/the Goods shall be subject and liable by any of the Laws now in Force; which said Penalties of Treble the Value foccnccacd,&c. of such Goods so inflicted by this Ah>, as aforesaid, shall be recovered of the said Matter by, and shall go

to, the Owner or Owners or such Ship or Vessel, and to no other Person whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Mates or Seamen, serving on tf the Mates or-Board any Ship or Vessel of any Burthen wharf ever, shall clsndeftin: !y hide or conceal on Board thereof, Scamco

or shall import any Quantity of foreign Spirituous Liquors whatsoever (over and above the ordinary Allowance of two Gallons for each Seam.in on Boa^d), or any Quantity of Tea above the Weight of fix (jb»ve the Pounds, or any Quantity of Coffee above the Weight of nineteen Pounds, then such Mates or Seamen, entityalso w-or any of them, io offending therein, shall forfeit, to the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, all ed by i.aw), the Wages that shall be then due to him or them, and shall also forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings each for l£ey every Gallon of such foreign Spirituous Liquors, and ten Shillings a Pound for every Pound of such Tea, and also a like Sum of ten Shillings for every Pound of such Coffee, so by them clandestinely concealed CVcry Ga ion of or imported, over and above the Quantities of such Goods now limited by Law to be imported. foreign Spirit*,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Mates or Seamen shall commit and for such Offences as aforesaid, or any of them, in Time of War, and which, according to the true Intent

and Meaning of this or any other A cl, they are restrained from committing, it shall and may be lawful to And°if in Time-and for the Owner of such Ship or Vessel to fend such Mites or Seamen, or any of them, on Board some of War, they of his Majesty's Ships of War, there to servefor the Space of three Years, except such as are old, disabled, Anil serveth»ce or otherwise unfit for such Service. yei, rs on

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this ActWha!I be printed, put up, and aManotWjr* continued on some conspicuous Part of every British Ship or Vessel trading to or from any Port of this A printed Copy Kingdom; and that wherever the said printed Clauses shall be damaged, defaced, or destroyed, the «![J*on some* Matter of such Ship or Vessel shall cause the same to be immediately replaced, under the Penalty of one confp'oiou* Vzrt-Shilling a Day for every Day during such Omission thereof; to be recovered of the said Master by, and be of every British* paid to, the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hands and Seals tnding Vefid.

Of one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Mates or Seamen who shall he Marc* or Sea-

so disabled from serving in any of his Majesty's Ships of War in Time of War, as aforesaid, or if such or men wiiofo-U-any other Mates or Seamen shall be found offending against the Provisions of this Act in Time of Peace, e

and flwll negleil or refuse to pay the aforesaid Penalties, being duly convicted thereof, or shall not have may ^commit-

54-

for three Month?*

Justices may mitigate Penalties*

Proceeding* not to be oinfhrd for Want ot Form, or remove able by Ceitioiarj, &.C.

Limitation of Actiona.

[General Issue.]

Trelde Colt'.

Preamble, Recital of an Act 29 Geo. II*

Act io Geo. III

and it; Geo. III

Act 50 Geo. III.

UVuliaracat of It eland.

Koon’ie* to be p>M, dn'-j-'g the Cor.t n >'fiCC of the ijit i?'. tel A on tn; 1 x-p^nation < f Brift/h and lnih Buckrams and Tilicttiiigt-, &c.

C. 40. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

sufficient Effefls to answer the same, it shall and may be lawful (at the Infhncc of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vefid) for one or more of his Majesty's Juffioes of the Peace, hv Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the County Gaol where such Offeree shall be committed, or where such Offender or Offendcis Hi all be apprehended or taken, for the Space of three Months, and not Ids than six Weeks.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices to mitigate, compound, or ltflVn, any of the Penalties incurred under this Act, so as Inch Mitigation do not extend to remit above one Moiety or Half Part of the said Penalms respediivdy.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Older which shall be made by the said Justice or Justices of the Peace by virtue or in purfti nee of this Act, or any other Proceedings to be had, touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be qu.ished or vacated, or he r moved or removeable determined by Certiorari, or any other \Vrir or Process what-fce\er, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at U'tjlrvinsler, or to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; but that the Order and Determination of such Justice or Justices shall be final and conclusive in all cases, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Perfims shall at any ime or Times be sued or protected for any Thing by him or them don- c>j executed in gurfuance of or by colour of thi.- Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Action or 1-rolectition shall be commenced within the Space of six Months after the Offence shall be commuted; and fuc b Person or Persons shall and may plead the General iHue, and give this Act and the spec ial Matter in L vidence, for his and their Defence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of the Uid Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants have appeared; or if Judgment shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, aportl the Plaintiff', the Defendant or Defendants shall acid may recover Treble Costs, and h-vc the like Remedy for the same as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XL.

An Act for extending the Provisions of three Acts, made in the twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty, and in the tenth and nineteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, to British and Irish Linens, British Calicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted or stained in Great Britain, and to Buckrams and Tilletings, exported during the time therein limited; and for taking off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Spuies of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of so cion Raiu Linen Yarns made of Flax),

certain Bounties were granted for the Term of fifteen Years, to commence tu rn the twenty fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, upon the Exportation of Brit:jJj and Irish Linens from Great Britain to Africa, An erica, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the Island of Minorca, or the East Indies, in the said Act particularly mentioned and described: And whereas by another Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Bounties were continued for the further Term

of seven Years, to commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and from thence to the End of the then next S' fii >n of Parliament; and certain other

Bounties were granted on the Exportation of British chequed and flriped Linens, and upon British and

Irifi) Diapers, Huckabarks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth: And whereas by another Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, the Bounties granted by the said recited Ach were further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then nxt Session of Parliament: And whereas by an Act, pi fled in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in the Kingdom of Behind, certain Bounties were granted on the Exportation as well of plain as of printed, paintrd, stained, and dyed Linens, Buckrams, and Tillettings, of the Manufacture of that KipgJom: And whereas the Manufacture of Linen would be still further improved, and the Exportation thereof to foreign Parts be preserved, and considerably inc/eased, if the Bounties by the said recited Acts granted were extended to British and h ish Lin°ns, and to British Callicoes and Cottons, printed, painted, or flam' d, and dyed, in Great Britain, and to British and IriJI) Buckrams, or Tillettings, and the Duties on the imp rtatioa of that Species of Blue called Smalts, taken off :* May it therefore please your Majesty thi.t it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authoii ynf the Line, Thar, during the Continuance of the said Lft recited Act, there shall be ;iven and paid, without any Fee, Reward, or Deduction whatsoever, a Bounty for every Yard ot Pritifi) and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings and for every Yard of British or Irish Linen, and of British Callicoes and Cot ons, or Cotron mixed with Linen, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, or the Breadth of twenty-five Inches or more, which, before the Printing, Painting, or Staining thereof, shall be under the Value of Five-pence per Yard, the Sum of one Halfpenny; and of the Value of Five-pence per Yard,

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 41 - 44,

and under the Value of Six- pence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny; and of the Value of Six-pence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of Eighteen-pence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny; which, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be exported out of G' eat Britain Xo Africa, Americas Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the East Indies, in the same Manner, and under the like Provisions* Conditions, Limitations, and Forfeitures, as in the said recited Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain are mentioned and declared, touching the Bounties tkcieby given upon the Linens therein mentioned to be exported.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of June, onethouLnd seven hundred and eighty-two, during the Continuance of the said recited Acts, no Subsidy,

Custom, Rate, Duty, or other Imposition whatsoever, shall be demanded, collected, received, or taken, upon that Species of Blue called Smalts, which shall be imported into this Kingdom; any former Law,

Statute, or Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Bounties hereby given upon the Exportation of printed, painted, or stained Linens, Callicoes, and Cottons, or Cottons mixed with Linen, or Buckrams, and Tillettings, shall be paid during the Continuance of the said last recited Act of the Irish Parliament, and no longer any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

1,500,000l.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

1,900,000l.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time.

[Continued till the End of the next Session of Parliament.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the more effectually securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, all such forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money as shall arise from or in respect of any Prizes to be condemned and sold in His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Sea; and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hamp- Recital of 1$

shire, Massachusets Bay, Rhode Bland, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, the Three Geo. III. Cap. 5. 4 Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia,

during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his prejmt Majesty, to disconunue toe landing and discharging.

Hading or shipping, of Goods, vVarts, and Merchandize, at the Town and within the Harbour of Bojlon9 in the Province of Massachusets Bay; avA also two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament for rest raining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts rcjbcftively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and author fed by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to ifue Proclamations, in the Cases and for the Purpoj'es therein mentioned)y it was enacted, That all Ships and Vessels of and belonging to the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, together with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, and all other Ships and Veflds whatsoever, together with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, which should be found trading in any Port or Place of the said Colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading,

in any such Port or Place, should become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the same were the Ships and Effects of open Enemies, and should be so adjudged, deemed, and taken, in all Courts of Admiralty,

and in all other Counts whatsoever: And it was thereby further enacted, That the Fhg Officers, Cup- tains, Commanders, and other commissioned Officers in his Majesty's Pay, and also the Seamen, Ma- rines, and Soldiers on Board, should have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every such Ship, Vert'd, Goods, and Merchandize, which they should seize and take (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty), to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty should by Proclamation direct: And it was by the said Act further enacted,

That, after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes, which should be taken in pursuance or or by virtue of the said Act, public Notification or Notifications should he given and published in such Manner *3 1 rs therein t articularly mentioned after which several and reflective Notifications, if any Men’s Shares-

5

After June i, 1782, Small*

nay be imported Duty-free.

The above mentioned Bvuntie* on Linens, Cal-iicoes, Arc to b« paid only doting the Cominuanc© of the recited. Irilk A

j6 C. 44. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

should remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed for the Sale and Distribution of such Prizes in Manner therein mentioned, either belonging to such Men as should be run from his Majesty's Service, or which should not be legally demanded within three Years, then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Persons or Agents Hands, or belonging to such Men as should run from his Majesty's Service, should go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital: And it was by the Kid Act further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, and others, who should fell or otherwise difpbfe of any Prize or Prizes so to be taken as aforesaid, should, within the Space of thrte Calendar Months next after the Day to be appointed for the first Payment or Distribution to the Captors of such Prize or Prizes, made in pursuance of such public Notification, nuke out, and transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital of Greenwich for the Time being, or to fuh Person or Persons as he should for that Purpose depute or appoint, a true State and Account in Writing,

under the Hand or Hands of such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons so employed, of the Produce of all such Prize and Prizes as aforesaid, together with an Account of the Payments of ihc several Snares to the Captors as should then have been really and bona fide by him or them rdptdively p^d; and also that all and every Person and Persons, Agents, and others, who, by virtue of the said Act, should sell or dispose of any Prize or Prizes, which should at any Time or Times thereafter be taken ly any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, such Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, so selling ,mJ itifpofnig thereof, should, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Expiration or ihc Term of three Years, limited by the said Act, make out an exact Account in Writing of the Prod ;cc of all such Prize and Prizes, as also of the Payments of the several Shares to the re.pc olive Ciptois, together ith 4 a true and just Account, upon Oath, to be taken before the Treasurer of the said Hospital f r the Time being, or any other Person or Persons by him for that Purpose deputed and autf.oriied, in Writing under his Hand and Seal (which Oath the said Treasurer of the said Ho'pi:al, and his sufficient Depir.y and Deputies, authorised as aforesaid, were thereby authorised and impowered to aJm:nilLr\ of all Sum and Sums of Money as should be then remaining in such Agent or Agent?, or Persons CuitcJy, Power,

or Possession; and should at the same Time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or his sufficient Deputy or Agent, the said Accounts, lu atrdted upr n 4 Oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining Sum and Sums of Money then lo lclt and remaining in his or their Hands as aforesaid, taking from the said Treasurer, or h s proper Deputy or Agent, his

UVecital of 17 4 or their Acquittance or Acquittances for the same: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made and

*jco.UhCap.7t passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of LguI High AImiral of Great Britain, to grant Conrr ijjlons to tie Comma nilers of private Ships and yeffeii* employed in 1 ra, V, or retained in I is Majestys Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and I eficis* and their Cargoes* as ayc // ercin mentioned* Jor a limited lime)* it wss enacted, That the several Regulations and Pmvisions exprtiLJ and contained in the before recited Act, and all Clauses, Provisoes, Matteis and Things, therein expreiKd and contained, should be applied and made use of for t fteflually carrying the now reciting Act in o Kxct u'ion, fu far as the id

Regulations and Provisions, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters and Things contaimd in the said rented Act,

relate to or in any wise concern the Condemnation, or other Determination, of Prizes, and me Pro- ceedings thereupon, and also the Appraisements and Sales of Prizes, and Payment of Prr/,<* Money:

And it was, by the said Act, further enacted, That there should be paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid as therein mentioned, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, tint should be actually on Hoard any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or Merchant Ship or Ships retained in his Majesty's Service, to be commissioned as therein mentioned, in any Action where any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer or Pri- vateers, should be taken from the Rebels, sunk, burnt, or otherwise d.stroyed, by virtue or in pursuance of the said Al\* five Pounds for every Man who was living on Hoard any Ship or Ships so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the Beginning of the Eng. gement between them, the Numbers of such Men to be proved ns therein mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That the Hill or Bills to be nude out for the Bounty thereby granted, (It)uld be made payable to such Person or Persons as should be authorised and appointed by the Captors, as therein mentioned, in like Manner as directed by the said recited Act, for nominating and appointing Agents for Appraisements and Sales to be made as aforesaid, the same to be divided, chilributvd, and appointed, amongst the Captors, in such Manner, Form, and Proportion, as therein mentioned; the several Shares of which Captors, it not legally dc-

manded within three Years after public Notification, 3nd also of such as should be run f. om h;s Map fty’s

jHcV of 19 4 Service, should be applied to the Use of Gtccrnvich Hspital: And whereas determined by -an Act of Parliament,

<j«rcu J1l. Cap# i passed in the nineteenth Year of ttie Reign of n:s preicne Majesty (intituled, An Act f or the Encourage*

merit of Seamen, and the moreff eedy and effectual manning his Mnjfifs Kcivy)* after reciting tint his Ma-

yfly, by Order in Council, Gated the twenty-ninth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, was pleased to order, that General Reprizals be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, ut the French King, and that as well ail his Majesty's Fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that should be commissioned by Letters of Marque, or General Reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, should and might lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the French King, or his Subjects, or others inhabiting within any the Territories of the French King, and bring the same to Judgment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty's Dominions, it was enacted, That the Hag Officers, Commanders, and other Officer?, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and Veil'd of ‘ War in his Majesty's Pay, should have the fble Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vef- fcl. Goods, and Merchandizes, which they had taken since the twenty-ninth Day of Juh* onethou- fund seven hundred and seventy-eight, or should thereafter take during the Continuance of Hostilities 3 4 against

c

IS

so ill 111 J

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44.

+against France, after the same should have been finally adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere, to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty had by his Proclamation, of the sixteenth Day of September last, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should think fit to order and direct by Proclamation or Proclamations thereafter to be

issued for those Purposes: And it was by the said Act further enabled,

That, after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes, which had been or should be taken from the Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, public Notification or Notifications, in Manner therein mentioned, should be given by the Persons or Agents appointed, in pursuance of the Powers contained in the said Act, for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors; after which several and respective Notifications, if any Men’s Shares should remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed for the Sale and Distribution of such Prizes, in Manner therein mentioned, either belonging to such Men as should be run from his Majesty's Service, or which should not be legally demanded within three Years, then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Persons or Agents Hands, or belonging to such Men as should be run from his Majesty's Service, should go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital: And it was by the said Act further enacted, That there should be paid, by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid according to the Course thereof, without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers or others, who should have been actually on Board any of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer or Privateers, at the taking, or sinking, or burning, or otherwise destroying, any Ship or Ships of War belonging to the Enemy, since the twenty-ninth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, five Pounds for every Man who was living on Board any Ship or Ships, so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the Beginning of the Attack or Engagement between them, the Numbers of such Men to be proved as therein mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty thereby granted to the Commanders, Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, of his Majesty's Ships of War, for taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying, any Ships of War, or Privateers, belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies, should be made payable to such Person or Persons as should be authorised and appointed by the Captors, as therein mentioned, in like Manner as therein is directed for the nominating and appointing Agents for Appraisements and Sales, to be made as aforesaid, the same to be distributed and divided amongst the Captors, in such Manner, Form, and Proportion, as therein mentioned; the several Shares of which Captors, if not legally demanded within three

Years after public Notification, and also of such as should run from his Majesty's Service, should be applied to the Use of Greenwich Hospital: And it was thereby further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, and others, who should fell or otherwise dispose of any Prize or Prizes so to be taken as aforesaid, should, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Day to be appointed for the first Payment or Distribution to the Captors of such Prize or Prizes, made in pursuance of such public Notification, make our, and transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as he should for that Purpose depute and appoint, a true State and Account, in Writing under the Hand or Hand4? of such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons so employed, of the Produce of all such Prize and Prizes as aforesaid, together with an Account of the Payment of the several Slnres to the Captors, as should then have been really and truly by hirn or them respectively paid; and also that all and every Person and Persons, authorised and appointed by the said Act, to receive Bills for the Bounty thereby granted, should, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Day appointed for the first Payment or Distribution of such Bills, for the Bounty as aforesaid, in like Manner make out, and transmit or deliver to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Hospital, or to his sufficient Deputy, a true State and Account, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, of the Payment and Distribution of fuJi 4 Bills; and further, That all and every Person and Persons, Agents, and others, who by virtue of the said Acts should sell and dispose of any Prize or Prizes, which had already been, or should at any Time or Times thereafter be taken from the said Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or who should receive or dispose of any Bill or Bills for Bounty, such Person and Persons, Agents, and other*, so selling and disposing thereof, should, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Term of three Years, limited by the said Act, make out an cxa& Account, in Writing, of the Produce of such Prize and Prizes, Bill and Bills for Bounty, as also of the Payment of the several Shares to the respective Captors, togerher with a true and just Account upon Qjth, to be c taken before the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons by

him for that Purpose deputed and authorised, in Writing under his Hand and Se.il (wh'ch Oath the said Treasurer of the said Hospital, and his sufficient Deputy or Deputies, authorised as aforesaid1, were thereby authorised and impowered to administerof all Sum and Sums of Money as should be then remaining in such Agent or Agents, or Person* Cust uly, Power, or RofTession, and should at the same Time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or to his sufficient Deputy or Agent, the said Accounts so utested upon Oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining Sum and Sums of Money then so left and remaining in his or their Hands as aforesaid,

taking from the said Treasurer, or his proper Deputy or Agent, his or thrir Acquittance or Acquittar ccs

for the fame: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (inthuJcd, An del to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled\ Ail Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy;

and for making further Provisiorts for those Purposes f after reciting that his Majesty, by Order in Count ii,

dated the eighteenth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nme, was pleased to order,

that General Reprisals be granted* against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the King of Spain, and

Vol XIV. Part I. I. 4 that

57

RccitjJ of 20 Geo. m, c aj.

58

ecitit of 21 c'to. Hi. Cap. >5-

From No*. T, j73i, Agentl, See. who lh«U iifpose of any

C. 44. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

that as well all his Majesty's Fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that should be commissioned by Letters of Marque, or General Reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, should and might lawfully seize all

Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the King of Spain, or his Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the King of Spain, and bring the same to Judgment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty's Dominions; it was enacted, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, should have the lole interest and Prupmy of and in ail ami every Ship, Vessel, Gocd>, and Merchandizes, which they had taken lince the eighteenth Day of 'Jure, c ne thousand itven hundred and seventy-nine, or (Wild thereafter take during the Contuumte of Hostilities ag^rr ffi Spain, after the same should have been finally adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty's 1 Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Mjjdly’s Plantations in /America, or elsewhere, to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty had by his Proclamation of the twenty-fifth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should thmlc fit to order and direct by Proclamation or Proclamations thereafter to be issued for those Purposes; and reciting, that, by the Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, herein-before recited, several Provisions and Regulations were efiabhfnrd for the better carrying on the salutary Purposes by the said Act intended in the Prosecution of Hostilities against France, it was enacted, That the several Regulations and Provisions respecting the Grant of Commissions or Letters of Marque, the Persons acting, and the Captures made, under the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of Marque, and all other Clauses, Provisoes, Matters and Things, contained in the said Act, should extend, and be construed and deemed to extend, to the Giant of Commissions or Letters of Marque, to the Persons acting, and the Captures made, under the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of Marque, for General Reprizals against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the King of Spain, and all other Matters or Things whatsoever in respect of the same, during the Hostilities against Spain, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, hid been pmieti’aily repeated and re-enacted in the said Act: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, pilled in the present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen* and for the more speedy and effectual manning his Majestys Navy), after reciting that his Majesty, by Order in Council dared the twentieth Day of December, one rhousand seven hundred and eighty, was pleased to order that General Reprizals be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the States General of the United Provinces \ and that as well all his Majesty's Fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that should be commissioned by Letters of Marque or General Reprisals, or otherwise, by his \Ljc lly’s Commissioniors for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, should and mrght lawfully fe»ze a I Ships Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the States General of the United Provinces, or their Subjects* or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the States General of the United P evinces, and bring the same to Judgment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majestys Dominions; it was enacted, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Se men, Ma-ints, and Nduiers, on Board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, should have the lole lmereffi and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessitl, Goods, and Merchandizes, which they had taken linct the twentieth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or should thereafter take riming the Continuance of Hostilities against the States General of the United Prcnnnces, after the same should have been finally adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty, in any of hL Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere *, to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty had, by his Proclamation of the twenty-seventh Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, already ord^rtd and dueled, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should think fit to order and direct, by Proclamation or Proclamations thereafter ro be issued for those Purposes; and reciting,* that, by the Acts of the nineteenth and twentieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, herein-before recited, several Provisions and Regulations were efLblifiud for the better carrying on the salutary Purposes by the said Acts intended in the Prefer ui ion of Hosti- lities against France and Spain, it was enacted, That the several Regulations and Provisions, respecting the Grant of Commissions or Letters of Marque, the Persons acting, and the Captures made, under the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of Marque, and all other Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Acts, should extend, and be construed and deemed to extend, to the Grant of Commissions and Letters of Marque, to the Persons acting, and (be Captures made, under the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of iVLrque for General Reprizds against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the States General of the United Provinces, and ail oth^r Matters or Things whatsoever in resp'edl of the same, during the Continuance of Hostilities against the States General of the United Provinces, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lane Re- gulations, Provisions, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, had been particularly repeated and re- enabled in the said Act: And whereas the several Provisions contained in the said Acts are in many Cases inefficient to compel the Payment of such forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money, as remain in the Hands of the Agents in America, and other his Majesty's Dominions nty nd

the Sea, at the Expiration of the Term limited by the said Acts, to the Treamrer of the said Ho'phal \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the (fid Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, and others, who shall sell or otherwise

dispose of any Prize* so to be taken as aforesaid from any of his Majesty's Enemies, or who shall icceive

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44. 59

any Bills for the Bounty granted by the said Ashall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next Prize, or receive after the Day to be appointed for the first Payment or Distribution to the Captors of such Prize, and jnyBoumy Bills, Bounty Bill or Bills, made in pursuance of the Notification by the said recited Acts directed, and also at thar(£ ^onth* the End x>( every three Calendar Months, during the Term of three Years, limited by the said recited andatiheEni Adb, make out and deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such Person or Persons as the Treasurer of the of every three said Hospital shall, from Time to Time for that Purpose depute or appoint, in the Colony, I Hand, or Month* dunng Place, in which such Prize shall be condemned or fold, a true State and Account in Writing, under the ^akeoJtznd Hand or Hands of such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons so employed, containing the Name of £*iVer° ac-

such Prize, and the gross and nett Produce thereof, the Number of Persons intitled to share therein, count of me

distinguishin^ their several Classes, with the Name and Names of the Ship and Ships, and also of the Produce of such Captain or Captains, and Commanders, by which the same was taken, together also with the Payments *c- in of the several Shares as shall then have been really and truly by him or them respectively paid $ which },*;

Account and Accounts shall be made and delivered in the following Form: 18

An Account of the gr ofs and nett Produce of the a Prize taken by his Majestys Ship Form af th-

the Captain Commander, and of the Bounty Bills in respect thereof (in case any Accourlt#

Bounty is payable), as also of the Number of Persons intitled to [bare in such Prize and Bounty (in case any Bounty is payable), dislinguifnng their Classes> with the Payments of the several Shares between (the Day advertised for Payment) and

Crofi Produce of Prize, and A mooatof Bounty Bill (in caje any Bounty n payable).

d.

Nett Produce.

d.

Number of Person* of each Clas? iniided to ihare.

Captain

- Commissioned Officers Warrant Officers Petty Officers Able, £*.

Number of Person* of each Ctaf« paid j the Sum paid to each, and the Total.

- Captain -

- Commissioned Officers, at each, is

- Warrant Officers, at each, is -

- Petty Officers, at each, is

- Able, at each, is

Total -

d.

, A.B. Agent (or one of the Agents).

And in case any Person or Persons, intitled to share in the Produce of such Prize, shall not be intitled to share in the Bounty Money payable in respetSf thereof, then a’ distinct Account of the Amount of the Bounty Bills, the nett Produce, and Distribution thereof, shall be also delivered to the Deputy of such Treasurer, by the Agent or Agents of such Prize, at the same Time and Times, and agreeable to the Form herein-before prescribed for Accounts of Prize and Bounty Money, and the Payments thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, or others, who Agent, Sec. ne-

shall so sell or dispose of any Prize or Prizes so to be taken as aforesaid, and shall refuse or neglect to de- to deliver any such Account, in Manner and Form as the Tame is herein-before directed, to such Perforl or Persons as shall be so deputed by the Treasurer of the said Hospital, and at such Times as are herein before limited and appointed for that Purpose, he or they so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his Deputy, or Person appointed determined by him in that Behalf, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and impowered, at any Time or Times within one Calendar Month after the Expiration of the Term of three Years limited by the said Actfs, to have Recourse to and inspect all Prize Lifts and Pay Lists of any such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, resp~€i\ng any Prize or Prizes, the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of which are by the said recited Acts directed to be applied to the said Hospital, and to take Copies of the Whole of such Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as he or they shall think necessary, such Copies to be begun before the Expiration of the said Calendar Month.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, (half, within the Time herein-before limited for inspecting such Lifts, refuse to produce, or (ha 11 not produce, to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his Deputy, or Person appointed as aforesaid, upon Keqileft, such Lifts, and suffer him or them to inspect and peruse the same, and to take such Copies thereof, or of such Parts thereof, as he or they shall think necessary; such Agent or Agents, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds*

liver such Account, Hull forfeit loo I.

Treasurer of the Hospital, or hi* Deputy, may inspect Agents Price Lifts, Scc.

Agents, &c. refuting such In-spection, to forfeit 1001.

I a

6o

C. 44.

Anno vicesimo piimo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Agents, within three Mouths after the Term of ihiee Yea s limited h\ the recited Acts, are to make cut an Account of the Produce of Prizes, and Bounty Bi l'.Are. and deliver the same, wi’h the Balance inHand, to the Person deputed by the f»jd Treasurer*

Penalty on A-

gents neglecting to deliver such Accounts, or to pay such Balance,

Agents obliged to anfWrr, on Oath, Bill?, &c. fil-.d ajainff them in any Court of Equity.

Penalty on Ag-nts naking fraudulent Accounts,

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Part of the recited Acts repealed.

This Act to extend to - li Prizes a’.reidy taken, ox which may be taken before Nov. 1, 1781, of the rroioce where of no D’f tribution (huli h ;ve been tr.ade, aor of the Bounty Money, on or befere the said Nov. 1,

This Act not to extend to Captures condemned or sold in Great Britain, See,

V. And be it further enacted, That such Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the T erm of three Years limited by the said Acts, make ouc an exact Account in Writing of the Produce of such Prize and lYr/cs, Pill and Bills for Bounty, as also of the Payments of the several Shares to the respective Captors, together with a just and tiue Account, upon Oath, to be taken before the Treasurer of the fanl I Jo! pi ta) for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons by him for that Purpose deputed and authouftd (which Oath the said Treasurer of the said Hospital, and his (efficient Deputy and Deputies, are hereby audio tiled and impowered to administer), of all Sum and Sums of Momy ;>s /h.dl be then remaining in inch Agent or Agents, or Ptifons Custody, Power, or Possession, on account of such Prize and Prizes, and R unty Pj.11 or Bills; and shall at the same Time ut liver, or came to be delivered, unto loch iVfton or Persons as the Paid IYaiu er shall depute and appoint for that Purpose, in the Colony or Jll nd in which such Prize or Prizes shall be lo con-deni red or told, the said Accounts so areiled upon Oath as aforesaid, and pay over or tender to the said Deputy or Deputies, ali fuc 11 remaining Sum and Sums of Money then so left and remaining in his or their Hands as aforesaid, taking from the said Deputy 01 Deputies hi* or their Acquittance or Acquittances for the t unc.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Agent or Agents, or Persons, shall neglect or refuse to deliver the said lall-mentioned Account or Accounts, to the Deputy or Deputies of the Treasurer of the said Hospital, within the ime before limited for the same, in Manner and Form as is herein before mentioned; or if such Agent or Agents, or Persons, shall neglect or refuse to pay over, or tender to the said Deputy or Deputies respectively, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall remain in his or their Hand or Hands, Power, Custody, or Possession, after the Term of three Years so limited by the said Adff, he or they shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and also double the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money (if any) which were in such Agent or Agents Hands, Power, Custody, or PolLlfion, at the Expiration of the Term of three Years limited by the said Acts.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better Discovery of all such

forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money as shall remain in the Hands of any Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons aforesaid, after the Term of three Years, so limited by the fatJ AcH, such Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, shall be obliged and compellable to answer, upon Oath, such Bill or Bills, Information or Informations, as shall be filed agatnil him or them in any Court of Equity, for discovering the Monies remaining in his or their Hands.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall make use of, commit, permit, do, or suffer, any Fraud, ColiufYn, or Deceit, in m.iking up, stating, or balancing any of the Accounts herein-before directed, he and they so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence (over and above the Penalties and Punishments infh&ed by this Act), the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be applied to the Use of the Did Royal Hospital } and shall and may be sued for ami recovered, with Costs of Suit, in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, by Action of Debt, in any of h:r Mnjofty’s Courts of Record in the Colony or Place where such Agent or Ag nis Hull ref.de and be, in which it shall be sufficient to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of being

forfeited by an Adit, pa lied in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his prefen: Majesty, intituled, [here insert the Title of the Ati\ wherein no Eiluin, Protection, Privilege, or Wrgcr of Law, o; more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts as imposes a Penalty of one hundred Po unds on Aginrs and Persons not transmitting or delivering the Accounts therein mentioned to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his Deputy or Agent, or within the Time therein linvtrd, or neglecting to pay over such Sum and Sums of Money as therein mentioned, shall (except as to Agents for Prizes condemned in Great Britain) be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XL. And whereas fnmiry Ships and Vessels belonging to his Majesty's Enemies have been, and may, before the fiilt Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and ughty-one, be taken and made Prizi c of by his Majesty's Ships of War, and no Distribution of the Produce c»f such Prizes, or of the Bounty Money in respect thereof, may have been made before the said first Day of November,9 be it tuither enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies hath already b^en, or shall, before the first Day of November, one thou find seven hundred and eighty one, be taken and made Prize of by any or his Majesty's Ships of War, and no D.ftnbutDn of the Produce of such Prize, or of the Bounty Money in reflect thereof, shall have been made on the faio hrlt Day of November, that then, and in every such Case, the several Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, and Penalties, contained in this Act, shall, and are hereby declared to extend to every such Prize, and to the Bounty Money in respect 'hereof, and also to ail Agents and others appointed or to be appointed for the Condemnation and Sale of such Prize, in such and the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Prize were taken after the said fuss Day of November $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Ihffl extend, or be cor. ft rued- to extend, to any Capture which shall be condemned or sold in any Port or Place within Great Britain, nor to any Bounty Money arising therefrom or in respect thereof, nor to any Agent or Agon's, or Person or Persons, to be appointed for the Condemnation or Sale of such Capture > any Thin^ herctn-before contained u> the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 45. 61

CAP. XLV.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

WHEREAS by an Act, rrude in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for appointing preamble.

a fid in,/bung *- v -fr^n /.? examine, take, and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom', and to re- 1Q Geo. lflt fort what B, lances are in / V }Paris of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Cap. 54, r#» Defeats were are in the ft eje it Mode of receiving, coliefii'ir, issuing, and accounting for public Money; and ched. in what more expeditious and efirflual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried cn for the Benefit of the Public certain Persons (herein named were constituted Commissioners for examining, taking, and dating the Accounts of all Duties, Taxes, and Monies, granted, raiseci, and appropriated for (he public Service of this Kingdom, which had been issued to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose final Accounts have not hitherto been parted before the Auditor of the Imprest, according to the Forms of the Exchequer, or whose Accounts, although parted, have been for Services which have been performed fnce the full Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and alto of all such Duties Taxes, and Monies, which should thereafter be granted, raised, and appropriated for the public Service of this Kingdom, at any Time before the Determination of the said Act, and of all Ai rears thereof; and also for examining and dating in what Manner, and at what Times* the Receipts, Issues, and Expenditures of the said public Monies were then accounted for, and for considering of and repotting by what Means and Methods the public Accounts might in future be passed, and the Accountants compelled to pay the Balances or Monies due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive Manner: And whereas the said Commissioners have made a considerable Progress in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said Act, and have, in the Course and Older of the Examinations and Proceedings taken and hid by virtue thereof, ft tied and reported to his Majesty, and to Parliament, sundry Matters of great Importance and Concern to the public Scr-vice, and it is highly expedient that the Inquiries into, and Examinations of, the other Accounts, Matters, and Things, referred to them by the said Act, should be continued and fmished, and the Result of them (fated, for the further Information and Satisfaction of his Majesty and his People j’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Lieutenant General Sir Guy Car let cn, Thomas Anguish Esquire, Arthur Piggctt Esquire, Commissioners Richard Neave Esquire, Samuel Beachcroft Esquire, and George Drummond Esquire, or any three or more appointed to ex-of them, shall be, and are hereby constituted CommifK ners for examining, taking, and (fating the Accounts in the said recited Act mentioned; and also for examining and dating in what Manner, and at what C0JnPt!0nhc" Times, the Receipts, I dues, and Expenditures of the said public Monies are now accounted for, and for Kingdom, considering of and reporting by what Means and Methods the public Accounts may in future be parted, and the Ai countants compelled to pay the Balances of Monies due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectua), and less expensive Manner; and that the said Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing contained therein, and all the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners therein named, or any three or more of t!u*m, ftp.! I be and continue in full Force and Virtue, to all Intents, Constructions, *6.rce altelL and Purposes whatsoever, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- 17 x#

one, and shall and may be executed by the Commissioners hereby constituted, or any three or more of them.

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or Commissioners any three or more of 'hem, are hereby authorised and impowered to examine the several Accounts of ex- im, ow<red to traordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, which have beer, laid before the House mmine Ac

Tb« rrcitfd Act to contir ue 10 Kc

vice* rot pro-v‘de<J for by P^r* Jan. I, 177S.

of Commons since the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and shall have C0Jnt* of «xn the same Powers and Authorities in that Respect as are given to the said Commissioners appointed by the Spr‘

said recited Act, for taking and lLuing the Accounts therein mentioned.

Jiament, hid before \h* House of Common!, fiirce

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person appointed a Commissioner by this Act fh:<Il accept of Ko c0fnmlf-or hold any Civil Office of Profit during Pleasure, from or under his Majesty, during the Continuance r,on<?r ro hold Of this Act* t'ivjl OHice of

1 P ofil duiing PJ-afuie under his Majesty.

IVi And be it further enacted, That any three of the said Commissioners in this Act, before they enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being (which they and either of them aie hereby authorised and icquired to administer), the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth j (that is to say,)

I A.B.

Any fiirr.f

t!i- Commissioner* t y b- .'worn bcfuic the Chancellor of the Exchequer, &C+

62

The Oath*

The h'd three Commissioneri toaJminifUr the 0«th to the rest.

Lords of the Treal'u-y way ply *000 I, to the Order of the Commissioners. Application thereof.

Tiecuton of Accountants to attend Commissioners, and execute their Orders.

Continuance of the Act,

Preamble, Recital of an Att 11 Geo. I IT.

Present Term of the Toils.

C. 4.6, 47. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Ijf-B. do swear, That, according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, execute the several Powers and Trulls veil'd in ire by an Act, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending an Act made in the iufi Stssion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine* take* and fate the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances ore in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to tie public Sendee; and what Dtfcds u there are in the present Mode of receiving, ccllefling, ijfdng, and accounting for public Money \ and in what il more expeditious and eft dual* and UJs exfenjive Manner* the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benest of the Public f according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act/

And every other of the said Commissioners in this Aol named shall likewise fake the same Oath before the said three Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and lequired to aUminiiter the same after they shall themselves have taken the said CLth as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time bein, are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all such Sums of Money, nut exceeding two the ufand Pounds, to inch Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the puolic Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer; which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in that Behalf; the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and Payment of the same on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall appoint*

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such public Accountant is dead, the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Accountant shall, when requited thereto by the Commissioners, or any three or more of them, attend the said Commissioners, and observe and execute the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners, in like Manner as Accountants by this Act are required to do.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Powers of taking, examining, and stating Accounts, and administering of Oaths and issuing of Precepts, shall endure for the Space of one Year from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and no longer*

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to enable John Bowater Esquire to grant Leases, in Possession or Reversion, of a Dock Yard and Land at Woolwich, in the County of Kent, (being Part of his settled Estate) to the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, in Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for performing several Works, and making Improvements within the University and City of Oxford, and the Suburbs thereof, and in the adjoining Parish of Saint Clement.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amendiing certain of the Mile-ways leading to Oxford; for making a commodious Entrance through tie Parish of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge; for making commodious Rinds from the said Bridge* through the Univnfiy and City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City* and the Suburbs thereof* and the said Parish of Saint Clement; for removing Nuifences and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future* for imp owning Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Efates there \ for removing* ho!,ling* and regulating Markets within the said City* and for other Purposes: And whereas great Progress has been madt in executing the said Act; particularly the said Mile-ways have been amended, temporary Bridges provided, a new Stone Bridge built over the River Cherwell* near Magdalen College, whi h is now passible (but not completed), several Houses and Buildings purchased and taken down, in order to make commodious Avenues to the said Bridge and Entrance into and through the said University and City; the principal Street, called The High Street* new paved, and several other Works performed, wherein a large Sum of Money hath been expended, which was taken up at Intend on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted: And whereas the said Tolls are to have Continuance from the Commencement thereof for the Term of twenty-one Years, and to the End of the then next n of Parliament: And whereas the said Bridge and Avenues thereto cannot be completed, and the Money so borrowed be repaid, and the Bridge and Mile-ways kept in Repair in future, unless the said Toils are continued for a further Term, and some other Assistance given: And whereas it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said University, City, and Suburbs, and Parish of Saint Clement* and to all Persons resorting thereto* to have the Whole of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and open Places therein, paved; and some other of the said Streets and Passages widened, besides those specified in the said Act; And whereas

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 47.

some other Amendments and further Regulations are wanting to the said Act to make ft extensively use- ful :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’* most Excellent, Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefem Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign as relates to the Tolls thereby granted, and to (he Mile-ways, Srone Bridge, and Avenues thereto, shall have Continuance from the Expiration of the Term by the said Act limited, for and during the further Term of twenty-one Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, or any nine or more of them, from Time to Time, and for so long Time as they shall think proper, after giving fourteen Days Notice in Writing, upon all the Turnpikes, to cause Double the Tolls by the said Act granted to be demanded, taken, or recovered, for the PalLge of Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, on a Sunday (the Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in Sunday Night); which l oll hereby granted shall and may be collected, recovered, levied, assigned, and applied, in such and the same Manner, and be under and subject to the same Terms and Conditions, as are in the said former Act\ and this Act given, granted, and provided, with respedi to the Tolls by that Act granted.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Carriages travelling for Hire, the first Payment shall not exempt such Carriages (Stage Coaches only excepted) returning, or repairing with a diiTeifnt Traveller or Passenger, Travellers or Passengers; but that he, she, or they, shall be obliged to pay the Toll in the same Manner as if the said Carriage had not before passed in that Day 5 any Thing in the said Act, or in this^Ad, contaiiiid to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause all Expe/ices of cleaning and lighting the said Bridge, from Time to Time, to be paid and defrayed out of the Tolls granted by the said former Atft, and this Act, o'- out of the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and not out of any R*te to be made for cleansing and lighting, as was dirtdUd by the said former Act; any Tiling therein or herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall negligently or carelessly deface or damage the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any of the Works or Materials thereto belonging, every such Person shall, for every Offence (provided the lame be not Felony by the Laws of this Realm), forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, ever and above such Penalties and Pumfhmerus as he, she, or they, shall be otherwise liable to by Law.

VI. And be it further t nailed, That if any Person or Persons shall get over the said Bridge, e;ther into or from the Water, or either of the adjoining Meadows; or shall erect any Building, or plant any Tree or Trees, or let up any Rick of Hay or Straw, or other Matter or Thing, within twenty Yards on either Side of the said ‘ Bridge; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit an 1 pay the Sum of ten Shillings; and be ohiigtd to remove the Lme within the Space of ten Days after Notice given by any five or more of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, under the Penalty of five Shillings for every Day the same shall remain after such Notice.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they, or any fifteen or moie of them, are hereby impnvered to cause the said Street, called the High Street, to be widened in the upper Part thereof, by taking down the Houses, Buildings, Shops, and Tenements, situate on the North Side of the said Street, or such Parts thereof respectively as shall be necessary, and which now project beyond the Line of the said Srreef, and are or lately were in the several Possessions or Occupations of James Slater Cook, J Radford, Edward Lock, Thomas Bush, Hannah Han?nore, John Mid-winter, John Smith, George Moo: c, John Winchester, and Joseph Mason, or their Under-renant or Undertenants; and for that Purpose ir shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, to become p fit lied of the said Houses, Buildings, Shop*, and Tenements, or so much thereof as shall be necessary; and to pay for the fme, and all Expences in widening the said Street, out of the Money to a rife oy or on account of the 'Foils to be taken by virtue of the said former Act and this Act: And all the Clauses, Powets, Prov.fi ns. Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, and Directions, in the said former Act contained, respecting or anyways relating to widening or altering any of the Roads or Streets within the said University or City or Oxford, or the Suburbs thereof, shall, where necessary or applicable, take place, be executed, and put in Force in all Refptdfs, and to all Intents and Purposes, and the said Commissioners, and me laid Houses, Buildings, Shops, and Tenement-, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and all Perfi ns intended therein, shall he subject to, and supported by the Pr-visions and Directions of the said former Act, in such and the same Manner as could, would, or m*g it have been, in case the Business of widening the said High Street, as intended by this Act, had been included, and made a Part of thr Hid former Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said former Act as directs the applying any of the Tolls or Duties, or the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, in repairing and paving the Roads and Streets which are enumerated and described in the schedule to the said Act annexed, intituled, rJ he First Schedule, shall he, and the same is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any seven or mo;e of chf m, shall hwe full Power and Authority from Time to Time to cause, order, and direct, not only the 'a*d Roads, Ways, and Streets, included in the first Schedule to the said Act annexed, but all other the public Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paflag^s, and Places, within the said University, City, and Suburbs, and the said Parish of Saint Clement, to be paved and pitched, and kept in Repair, in fu< h Manner as they the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think, most proper; for Which Purposes they are hereby velted with all the Powers and Authorities, and.&all be subject to all the

\ J

63

The Term of former Actfc respecting Tolls, 8cct continued fur at further Term of twenty-one Years.

Double Toll on Sunday 5.

Passengers in returned Carriages to pay.

Erp^nre of

chvnfing and lighting the Bruig- out of the foil*.

Penalty for damping the EnJge, Sece

Penalty on getting over the Bridge, cr planting Tices, near it.

Comnvflionrn ~ impowettd to widen the High Street,

Act repealed atto pay:n. Expen< es o' paving out of the Tolls,

A!! the Streets, Lanes, &c. fO be new paved.

64. C. 4,7.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 178c.

Method of raising Money for pr.ii'g, roa-r-hvjj. cieanf:nj, and lighting.

Limitation -of Mnniei to be Uifed,

All Artean due

to Contrail'rs, &c. to be p«tid.

Manner of recovering Rates.

The lTniverfjty to pay their Proportion.

Tbt UnWe'fity to ascertain the Sum they adjudge to be the Qn. u of each ‘College or Hall.

Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions, which are set forth and contained in the said former Act, with respect to paving and repairing the Uid Roads, Streets, and Ways, contained in the said first Schedule.

X. And whereas Power is given to the Commissioners, by the said former Act, to make Rates or 6 Assessments for defraying the Charges of paving, repairing, cleansing* and lighting, at a cerium Sum by the Yard, Running Measure, of the Fronts or Lengths of the Buildings and Places liable t<» be rated; 1 which Mofie of Raring proves to be inequitable :* be it therefore turther enacted, That the Powers and Directions given by the said Act to raile Money by the Running Measure as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby repealed; and tint from and aller the passing of ih>s Act. the Monies ncci-fury for defraying the Charges and Jtxpuices of paving, pitching and repairing, and cltJrfing and lighring the Itveral public Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places witnm the said Universrv, City, and Suburbs, and Par.(h of Saint dement, shall be jailed in Manner following; that is to say, Tnc said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall annually, or oftener, afeert. in, ac a public Meeting to be held lor that Purpose, the Monies they shall judge necessary to be raised for th- respective Purposes of paving, pitching, and repairing, and also for the Purpose of cleansing an \ lighting; and shall, within two Days atter any such Sum shall be ascertained and agreed upon, give Notice ih-rcof, (pcviiying the bum or Sums to the Vice*chancellor or the said University, in Writing, under the H inds of any seven or more of th m, to be delivered to him, or left at his Place of Abode; two fifth Parts of which r ipcltive Sums, ca^h such Sum into five equal Parts to be divided, shall be paid by or on Account of the said University in Manner herein after mentioned; and the other three fifth Parts shall be tailed by Rate^ <*r AIK Jlments to be made by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, in M inner following; that is to say, the respective Rates for new paving and pitching shall be laid by a Pound-rate upon me Owners or Proprietors of all Houses, Buildings Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, tituate within the public Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, to be pived and pitched by virtue of th* find former Act and this Act; and that the Rate or Assessment foi repairing, cleansing, and lignong, shall be laid by a Pound-rate upon the Tenants or Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Unuerfuy, City, and Suburb* thcicof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement,

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Whole of the Money to be ascertained by virtue of this Act for the Purpose of new paving and prehing, shall he so limited, tfut the Proportion of the three fifth Parts of the AlKflmtm to be laid upon the Owners and Proprietors ot Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall not exceed the Sum of one Shilling in the Pound in any one Year, of the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Houses, Buildings Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, resprctively: And that the Whole of the Monies to be ascertained for the Purpose of repairing the Pavements, and defi ling and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paliages, and Places, within the said University, City, and Suburbs, and Parish of Soint Clement, shall be so limited, that the Proportion of the A (Kliments to be laid upon the Occupiers of Houses, Buildings. Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall not exceed the Sum of one Shilling in the Pound in any one Year, so; the Purpose of repairing the Pavements; nor the Sum of one Shilling in the Pound in any one Year, for the Purpose of cleansing and lighting, of the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gjidcns, Lands Tenements, and Hereditaments, respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Arrears of Money due at the Time of pa.Ting this Act, or before this Act shall be begun to be put in Execution, to any Penon or Persons, for or on account of cleansing er lighting, are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of the Monies to aiife by the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act for tfcofc Purposes.

‘XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Arrears of Rates made by virtue of the said former Act, which shall remain unpaid at the Time of collecting the first Rates made by virtue of the Act shall and may be collected and recovered by the Person and persons appointed to collect the Rates under this Act; and that the several and respective Rates by this Act authorised to be made, Pull be H owed and ligned by two Justices of the Peace for the said City or Univdrfity, and dial I and may m.* collected, recovered, and levied, in such and the same Manner, and under the several and rcipedive Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are by the said former Act provided and enacted, with relpeci to the Rates and Assessments thereby laid upon Houses, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the said University of Oxford, shall, and they are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the; um which shall have been ascertained as the Proportion of any Rate or Rates nruT by virtue of this Act, to be paid on Account and Behalf of the said University; and in cHe the said Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, Hull neglect or omit, after any such Account shall have been delivered to, or left for the said Vice-chancellor, to payor cause to be paid, to the Treasurer or Clerk or Clerks to the said Commifli -neis, on L> rrund, the Amount of the Proportion so charged upon the University; then the Vice-chancellor for the Time Ring shall be, and is hereby deemed and mane liable to pay the Lid Proportion of two ft th Pa ts of each Ali Ml nent by this Act charged upon the said University; and the same, and every Part thereof, may and fti-ll here-covered of and from him, by such Ways and Means as are by the said Act prefenbed for Recovery of Rates or Assessments laid upon any College or H. l).

XV. Provided always, That the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, mav, and they are hereby imuowered and required, from Time to Time, to ascertain the Sum which they shall adjudge to be the Quota of each College and Hdl, to make up the said two filth Parts, and may make a R »te or R^tes »m each such College and Hall for the fame; which may be sued for in the Name of the Vice-chancellor, and recovered of the Burfars or other Officers, by the Ways and Means mentioned and on scribed by the said former Act, with respect to the Rates and Aulflments thereby laid upon College* and Halls.

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 47. 6

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars may, and they have xinlmfity to

hereby Power to deduct such an Allowance for the Trouble of collecting from the several Colleges and re8foB* Halls as to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall appear reafostable, at the Time for the E^pence of receiving the Money, on account of the University. of collecting.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither the public Market of the said City of E«mpnon* Oxford, established by virtue of the said Act, nor any Meadow, Pasture, or Arable Land, nor any Ground from the Rate*, which shall exceed Half an Acre, and be used as a Garden for Sale of the Produce thereof, nor any Per- '

son or Persons who h or are not charged upon, or on account of Poverty excused paying to the Poors Rates, shall be charged or be liable to pay any, or any Part of any Rate or Assessment made by virtue of this Act-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Whole of the Money so to be received, assessed, and col-' Application of lested, or recovered, shall be applied to the several and respective Purposes for which they are granted. Money arising

by (he Rates,

If Colleges. Sec, advance three or four Year* paving Rates, to new pave Street*, the same shall be allowed aa paid in future Rates.

Incapacitated Persons im-

powered to sell and convey.

It Partic* ne-gle& to treat, dec. Damages to be afeeruined by a Jury.

and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, except as herein after is excepted.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Colleges or Halls, or the Owners or Proprietors of any Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said University, City, and Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement, shall chuse to advance and pay, or cause to be advanced and paid, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Amount of three or four Years paving Rates on their respective Colleges, Halls, Houses, Buildings,

Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in order the more expeditiously to new pave the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said University, City, and Suburbs thereof, and Parish of Saint Clement, the same shall be allowed as paid in the future Rates made for new paving.

XX. And whereas, in case the Street or Passage, in the said City of Oxford, called The Turl, which c is at present very narrow, was made sufficient to admit Carriages to pass commodiously, a very conve- nient Communication would be made between the Streets called Broad Street and the High Street,

within the said City,’ be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, The Turl to be or any fifteen or more of them, to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Per- widened, fons interested in, the Houses and other Buildings and Ground, both on the East and West Sides of the said Street or Passage called The Turl, for the same, or so much thereof as may be necessary for the Purpose aforesaid, and to purchase and become seised and possessed thereof, and to pay for the same out of any*

Money that shall come to their Hands for such Purpose, either by Subscription, or public or private Donation or licquest; and that it shall be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate,

Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Persons whomsoever under any Disability, and Persons acting for others, to contract for, fell, convey, surrender, or assign to the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, in Trust for them, all or any such Buildings, Houses, and Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Estate or fnterest therein \ and that all such Sales, Conveyances, Surrenders, and Alignments, shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes: And that if any such Bodies, Corporations, or other Persons, upon Notice to them respectively given, or left in Writing at the Place of Abode of the Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies or Corporations respectively, or at the House or Houses of the Tenant or Tenants in Post'eflion, shall, by the Space of one Calendar Month next afrer such Notice, given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, to cause the Subject Matter to be inquired into, and all Differences to be adjusted, settled, and determined, and proper Recompences and Damages ascertained by a Jury, in such Manner, and under the same Rules and Orders, as are in the said former Act prescribed for settling Re-comprnce and Damage, on account of widening any of the Streets or Places therein mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as full Satisfaction shall be made, by any of the Means aforesaid, to all Persons interested in such Houses, Buildings, and Ground, it shall be lawful far the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, and they are hereby impowered to cause the Houses and Buildings to be taken down, and the Ground, or so much thereof as they shall think proper, to be laid into the said Street or Passage, and dispose of the Overplus Ground (if any) and the Materials, in such Manner as they shall think proper, and apply the Money arising therefrom towards widening the said Street or Passage.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of Time limited them, shall not, within three Calendar Months after every Judgment, Decree, or Determination of any for paying Pur-Jury, pay, or cause to be paid, all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded for the Purchase of, chafi Money* or for Recompence or Damage to be sustained by the Owners, Occupiers, and Persons interested in the

Premises, then the Judgment, Decree, or Determination as aforesaid, and all Deeds, Contrafts, Agreements, or Proceedings to be had, made, or done, in consequence thereof, shall be utterly void and of no Effect; any Thing in the said former Act, or in this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, That if, after Notice shall have been given of the Intention of calling a Jury for Proviso with re. any the Purposes aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall not cause a Jury W*10 tailing to be summoned, by iflliing their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Oxford, or if the 8 JUry*

said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall neglect or omit to make Payment in Manner directed, then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not at any future Time issue any Warrant or Warrants for calling a Jury; and no Person or Persons to whom any Notice shall have been given, shall, on the Failure of summoning such Jury, be obliged at any Time after to contract for, fell, or otherwise dispose of any Premises which he, she, or they, may be seised or possessed of, or interested in.

Effotet

are pnid for the Passage may be widened.

6£

Vo Money rising by Toll* or Races to be applied fqr this Purpose, Reciting that a new Market has been completed, &c,

DIArafr take* therein may be fold in twenty-four Hours, if not rep} tvied.

Batter, Eggs, and Fruit (except as excepted), to be so'd in the New Market only.

foreign 'Fruit excepted.

Persons to piy for selling any Thing in the Area on the No th of the Market.

Recital of A-grtemenu at what Sums the New Market shall be aiTefled in the respective Parishet; of All Sain'i and St, Michael,

7 he above A. yrecrreQii cvn-i;med.

C. 47. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

XXIV. Provided likewise, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That no Part of the Money to arise by or on account of the Tolls or Rates established by virtue of the said former Act, or this Act, shall be applied for any Ufa of Purposi* relnting to widening the said Street or Place called The Turl.

-4

XXV. And whereas, in pursuance of the Directions and Powers contained in the before*recited Act, the Committee respectively deputed and appointed by the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars of the University of 0.\f$rd% and the Mayo/* Bail ids, and Commonalty of the City of Oxford^ have proceeded 1 to erect and build a new Market, and have completed the fame* on 1 Plot or Piece ot Ground fit out and described by the Commissioners appointed by* or acting under the said Act: And whereas, by the several Taws now in Force for recovering Rents in Arrear, the Person distraining any Goods or Chattels cannot sell or dispose of the same until the Expiration of five Days next after such Distress tak^n, and Notice thereof given to the Party distrained upon, which has been found inconvenient in l)i it relics made for Arrears of Rents due from Persons occupying Shops and other Erections in the said Marker, by reason of the Goods being of a perfthable Nature :* Be it therefore further enacted, That in all Cases where any R$nt shall henceforth become due and be in Arrear, for or in respect of any of the said Shops-and other Erections in the said Market, and any Goods or Chattels shall be taken in Distress for the same, and the Tenant or Owner of the Goods or Chattels, so distrained, shall not, within the Sp^ce of twenty-four Hours next after such Distress taken, and Notice thereof (with the Cause of fuel) Distress) given to the Person distrained upon, or left at his usual Place of Abode, or upon feme notorious Part of the Premises charged with the Rent distrained for, replevy the same, with sufficient Sureties, as in the Cases of other Distresses, then, after such Distrefe and Notice as aforesaid, and Expiration of the said twenry-four Hours, the Goods and Chattels so taken in Distress shall and may be appraised, and afterwards fold and disposed of in such Manner and for such Purposes, and under and subject to such Provisions and Regulations, as ate mentioned and enacted with respect to other Distresses for Rent; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And whereas it. will be more convenient that the present Market for Butter and Eggs Qiould be removed into the said New Market; and feme Doubts have arisen whether Apples, Cherries, and other Fruit, which are fold or exposed to Sale in the said University and City, and Suburbs thereof, are obliged, under and by Force of the before-recited Act, to be brought into and fold in the said New Market:’ Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons hereafter to vend or expose to Sale any Butter, Eggs, Apples, Cherries, or other Fruit, in any other Place whatever within the said University, City, or Suburbs than in the said New Market (other than and except such Apples, Cherries, and Fruit, as shall be sold by Persons inhabiting within the said University, City, or Suburbs,' within their own Houses or Shops, and which shall be bona fide their Property, and which shall be raised within their own Gardens or Plantations within the said University or City, or shall have been by them purchased in the said New Market); and every Person who shall hereafter vend or expose to Sale any Butter, Eggs, Apples, Cherries, or other Fruit (except as afore'.iul), in any other Place within the said University, City, or Suburbs, than in the said New Market, shall be subject and liable to the same Penalty, and to be recovered and disposed of in the same Manner as is mentioned and directed by the said Act, in respect of Persons vending or expefing to Sale any Manner of FIe(h, or other rawViftuab, Fish, Poultry, Herbs, Roots, or Garden Stuff, in any other Place within the said University, City, or Suburbs, than in the said Ne*,v Market.

XXVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be construed to prevent, any Person or Persons from exposing to Sale or selling any Oranges, Lemons, or other b ruit, which shall be the Growth or Produce of Foreign Parts, within their own Houses or Shops.

XXVIII. And whereas the North Part of the said New Market consists of an Area, or void Space of Ground, which is occupied upon Market Days by Persons resorting to the said Market with Apples, Peas, Potatoes, and other Garden Stuff, in their several Seatons, and various other marketable Goods and Commodities, and no Provision is made by the said Act for Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money in respect thereof:* Be it therefore enacted, That the said Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, and Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their respective Successors, or the Committee by them respectively from Time to Time appointed as aforesaid, shall and may demand and take of and from the said several Persons so occupying the said Area, with their respective Goods as aforesaid, any reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, by way of and as a Compensation for, and in Proportion to the Space of Ground so by them respectively occupied.

XXIX. And whereas the rating and assessing of the said New Market to the Land Tax in the Parish of Ail Saints in the said City (within which Parish the greater Parc of the said Market is built) hath been productive of much Dispute between the said Committee of the said Market and the Proprietors of Estates within the said Parish of Ail Saints, and the said Committee and Proprietors have come to an Agreement, that so much of the said Market as is situate within the said Parish of All Saints shall from henceforth be considered as an Estate of one hundred and forty Pounds ter Annum, and shall for ever afterwards be assessed to the Land Tax in that Parish as an Estate of that Value: And for asmuch a?4he. 4 Income from tlx; Remainder of the said Market, which is situated in the Parish of Saint Michael, in the said City, is precarious and uncertain, it will be proper and expedient, and may hereafter prevent Dif- putes, to settle and ascertain what yearly Value that Part of the Market shall in future be rated atto the Land Tax within chat Parish and the Proprietors of Estates there have hitherto considered the same as an Estate of forty-six, Paand$ a Year and the same hath been accordingly charged to the Land Tax at that Sum, and they are confirming that the same shall be established and fixed, so far as concerns the said Land Tax, at that yearly Value :* Be it therefore further enacted, That the said New Market, and all and every the Shops, Sheds, Stands, Stalls, and other Erections and Buildings therein, and all Ollier Profits, Advantages, and Emoluments, issuing and arrfing therefrom, or becoming due or payable

in

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 47.

kq

Avenue* from the fcli|A Street to the Market.

Penalty on breaking Lamp* &c.

in respect thereof; flfall, for so imudh and such Part tfierebf as is 6r shall be fitua/e land being, issuing and airifing, or becoming due* or payable, within the Parish of All Saints aforesaid, from henceforth for ever, so long as any Sum or Sums of Muncy, by way of Land Tax, shall be imposed upon the same Parish, by any Act or Acts of Pa riiam nt now in Force, or hereafter to be ihade, be rated and assessed to the Land Tax within the said Parish of All Saints, as an Estate of the yearly Value or Income of one hundred and forty Pounds, in the same Propor tion, Manner, and Form, as other Estates within the said Parish are rated or assessed to that Tax, according to tlvir respective Rents or Values; and that so much and such Part thereof as is or shall be situate and being, issuing and arising, or becoming due or payable, within the Parish of Saivt Michael aforesaid, shall from henceforth for ever, so long as any Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Land Tax, shall be imposed upon the same Parish, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, or hereafter to be made, be rated and assessed to the Land Tax, within the said Parish of

Saint Michael, as an Estate of the yearly Value of forty-six Pounds, in the same Proportion, Manner, and Form, as other Estates within the said Parish are rated or assessed to that Tax, according to their respective Rents or Values.

XXX. And whereas frequent Inconveniencies arise by Persons driving Wheelbarrows, and leading or riding Horses, through the Avenues from thz High Street, into the said Market 5 or by vending or exposing to Sale, Fruit, Garden-stuff, or other Matters or Things, within such Avenues:’ For Prevention whereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall hereafter drive any Wheel- Penmannvoc-barrow, Sledge, Cart, or other Carriage; or ride or lead any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, loaded or un- ing Obrtn.dion* loaded, through or into the said Avenues, or any of them, or shall vend or expose to Sale, within any ,n the Avenue or Passage leading into the said Market from the said High Street, any Fruit, Garden-stuff, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, he, she, or they, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Shillings, nor less than one Shilling, for every such Offence, to be recovered and paid in like Manner as other the Penalties inflicted by this Act.

XXXI. And whereas some of the Penalties laid by the said former Act (ifion Persons wilfully breaking or damaging Lamps have not proved sufficient to prevent such Offences/ be it therefore further enacted.

That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw dowq, or otherwise damage, any of the Lamps erected by virtue of the ftid'Act, or any of the Posts, Iron, or other Furniture thereof, or shall extinguish any of the said Lamps, every such Offender shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for each Lamp so broken, or thrown dovVn, damaged, or extinguished as aforesaid, any Thing in the said former Act, as to the first or second Offence, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the same Methods shall be pursued for inquiring into, Recovering, levying, and applying the said Penalties, and otherways punishing the Offenders, as are respectively prtfcribea by the said former ’Act, with respect to the like Offences committed’ by Persons matriculated, or being Members of the said University, and by any other Person or Persons.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if. after the passing of this Act, any Common Stage Waggon, or Stage Cart, or any Post chaise used in travelling for Hire, shall be left to (land or continue in any Street*

Lane, or public Way, or Place, within the said Universuy or City of Oxford, or the Suburbs thereof, or the said Parish of Saint Clement, or in any Part or Parts thereof, with or without Horses, or other Cattle, longer than the Space of one Hour, at any one Time, the Owner or Owners of every such Waggon,

Cart, or Post-chaise, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the like Penalties and Forfeiture^, and be liable to the like Prosecutions and Punishments, and the said Waggons, Carts, and Chaises, shall he disposed of and dealt with in such Manner as is provided in the said Former Act with respect to Stage Waggons and Carts /landing or continuing in the principal Streets mentioned in the first Schedule to thp said Act annexed, and to the Owner and Owners thereof.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing-of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall lead or ride, or cause to be led or rode, any Horse or Horses, in any Street, Lane, or other public Way or Place, within the said Universny, City, or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, foe the Purpose only of exercising such Horse or Horses; or if any Person or Persons /Kali set, place, or expose to Sale, or cause, permit, or suffer to be set, placed, or exposed to Sale, Fruit of any Sort or Kind, on the Foot or Carriage Way of any Highway, Street, or Lane, or in any public Place within the said University,

City, Suburb?, or Parish of Saint Clement, except in the New Market established by the said former Act,

'every Person so offending in any or either of the said cases, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of fifteen Shillings; and for the third and evety other Offence, the Sum of twenty Shilling*.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities by the said Act given for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances by Bow windows, Window-shutters, and other Things therein enumerated, shall extend and be applied to projecting Blinds, in such and the same Manner as would have been in case the said Nuisance or Annoyance had been mentioned and included in the said Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities by the said Act given for preventing Nuisances by Hog-sties, Necessary-houses, Flesh, Dung, or other noisome Matters, in or near any of the principal Streets within the said City of Oxford, or Suburbs mentioned in the second Schedule to the said Act annexed, may and shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be executed and put in Force in and with respect to all the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and Places, within the said University.,

City,*and Suburbs, and Parish of Saint Clement, in as full and effectual a Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as could or might have been done in case it had been so expressed and directed in and by the iaid former Act.

SMge Waggon*

2n4 Post-chaises not to be left ift the Streets.

iPenalty on causing Nuifai>ccf.;

Projecting

O her NuL fances.

any

XXXVI. And be it further enacted. Yhat if any Person or Persons ftnll empty, or cause to be emptied, y Pool or Sink of Stale, from any Stable, or other Building used for keeping Horses in, and throw cut,

empty*, ing Pools of

«r suffer the same to run into any "Street, Lane, or public~YV»y, or Place "wkhin the said University, tllf

68

Cl*wfe in former Act repealed.

For contracting with Scavengers.

Nuisanrei by Filth, &c.

Penalty,

Times of empty* ing Bo^-h'juica, As.

Poet Pafhi to be *foepc by the Inhabitants.

5eita»«r»

*wy.

Fieri taT of Q»a* k6t$two.

CommifBoness

m\t r

C. 47.

City, or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, except between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Four the next Morning, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clause in the said Act directing, that the said Streets and other Places shall be swept and ckanled twice in every Week by the Contractor, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, from Time to Time, to contract with any Person or Persons for cleansing all or any of the Streets, Lanes, public Passages, and Places, within the said. University, City, Or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, twice at the least in every Week, which Contract or Contracts shall specify the Work to be done, the Manner of, and the Times for doing it, and the Price or Prices to be paid for the same, and a Penalty or Penalties to be suffered for Non-performance thereof, and the Lmc shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and the Person or Persons contracted with; but, previous to the making of any such Contrail, the like Notice shall be given of the Intention, as is by the said Act directed, previous to the making Contrails for Paving: And the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as they (t all so contrail or agree for out of the Money to arise by virtue of the said former Act and this Act, for the Purposes of cleansing aiul lighting.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall throw, cast, or lay, or caofe to be thrown, cast, or hid, any Ashes, Filth, Offal, Dust, Dirt, Rubbish, broken Glais, or Larthrn Ware, or other Annoyance whatsoever, in any of the Streets, Lanes, public Paffigcs, or Places, within the said University, City, or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, or before any public Building, College, or Hall, or any Dwelling-house, Shop, Stable, or other Building, or Wall, in any or either of the said Streets, Lanes, public Passages, ot Places, but shall keep, or cause the same to be kept, within their resptilive Houses, Buildings, or Yards, until such Time as the Scavenger, or other Person or Persons contracted with or employed, under the Powers of the said former Act and this Act, to carry away such Allies, Filth, Offal, Dult, Dirt, Rubbish, broken Glass, or Earthen Ware, do come by or near their Houses, Doors,' or Places, with a Cart or other Conveniency for carrying away the same, and then shall carry, or cause to be carried, the said Ashes, Filth, and other Matters and Things as aforesaid, out of their Houses, Buildings, or Yards, and deliver the same to such Scavenger, or other Person or Persons, upon Pain of forfeiting, for the first Offence, the Sum of five Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of seven Shillings and Sixpence; and for the third and every susbequent Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall begin to empty any Bog-house, or to take away any Night Soil from any House or Place within the said University, City, or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock in the Night, or shall continue to take away the same after the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Morning from Michaelmas to Lady-day, or after the Hour of Four of the Clock in the Morning from L'idy day to Michaelmas; or if ai>y Person shall put or cast, or C3ufe to be put or cast, out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, in or near any Street, Lane, public Passage, or Place, within the said University, City, Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, or within Half a Mile thereof, any such Night Soil, every Pci (on and Persons so guilty of any such Offence or Offences, shall, for each such Offence, foifcit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings.

XLI. And whereas, by a Clause in the said Act, Direction is given for (weeping and cleansing the Foot Paths within the said University, City, and Suburbs, and Parish of Saint Clement: And whereas some other Direction is necessary to be given for that Purpose :* Be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Clause, and every Part thereof, shall be, and is hereby declared to be then repealed; and that from thenceforth all and every Person and Persons inhabiting within the taid University, City, or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, shall fwerp and clean, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Foot Paths before their respective Colleges, Halls, Houses, Buildings and Walls, upon every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, in the Year, between the Hours of Six and Nine in the Morning, ‘and upon every Saturday in the Year between the Hours of Three in the Afternoon and Nine ar Night, upon Pain of forfeiting, for the first Negle3 therein, the Sum of five Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of seven Shillings and Sixpence; and for the third and every subsequent Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings; and the Person or Persons complained of, or informed against, (hdl prove that the Directions of the Act had been complied with, or otherwise shall pay the respective Penalties.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Scavenger employed under the said former Act> and this Act, shall carry away the Filth, Dull, Allies, and other Things, which shall be brought but imm any House, Building, or Yard, as aforesaid; and also the Sweepings of the Streets, and other Places, immediately after the respective Streets, and other Places, shall have been swept, and shall like-wise sweep and cleanse, twice in every Week, all Foot Paths that du not acj no to tome College, Hall, or House, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Neglect therein respectively over and besides what Penalty he or they shall be liable to by Breach of Contract.

XLIII. And whereas, by the said former Act, it is provided and declared, That no Person shall be < capable of a3ing as a Commissioner in the Execution thereof, unless he shall be in his own Righ, or in Right of his Wife, in the a3ual Possession, or Receipt of Lands, Tenements, or H* redit ^ments, of the clear yearly Value of forty Pounds, or possessed of, or inert led to, a personal Estate of eight hundred Pounds, under the Penalty in the said Act contained :* Fos further Security against improper Persons presuming to a3, it is hereby further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall be capable of a3ing as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said former Act or this Act, until he

r of, ei'to an? f an? is u ;:)y root ;aai

riai; to reels, :Ctiv:

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 48.

shall have taken and subscribed an Oath before any two or more of the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, and which Oath shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I truly and bona fide am in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, in the The Oath.

actual Pofll/Iion and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits, of Land9? Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yejrJy Value of forty Pounds, above Reprizes, or possessed of, or imitied 4 to, personal Eiiate to the Amount of eight hundred Pounds \

any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided always netenheless, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That all Persons who have Fellow? of cm-been, or shall be named or appointed, by any College or Hall, and all Members of the said University ,cecs> anH s'"-. appointed Commissioners in or by virtue of the said former Act, or to be hereafter so appointed, being j, Cftts Fellows of Colleges or Students of Chris Church within the said University, shall be to all Intents and aa^hho^ny Purposes Commissioners for putting the said former Act and this Act in Execution, in all Respech, ex* ©ih*r Qoaimcu-cept so far as relates to the Appropriation of the Tolls for the Amendment of the Mile-ways, Stone Bridge, *wo, and Avenues thereto, without proving any other Qualification, or taking the above-mentioned Oaih; an v Thing in the said former Act or this Act, or in any other Law or Statute, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the Manner Penalties and ©^levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall and may be levied J and recovered in such Manner, and under the same Powers and Authorities, as by the said former Act is a/^Ud! provided for recovering such Penalties and Forfeitures; and that one Moiety of the Money so from Time to Time recovered, both under the Authority of the said former Act and of this Act, shall, after deluding all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same respectively, be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, to be applied towards the Purposes of the said former Act or this Act, on Account whereof the said respective Penalties or Forfeitures shall have been imposed and incurred.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Expences incurred in and about procurir>g and passing Expences of th‘.» this Act, shall be paid out of the first Money arising by the Tolls or Duties and Rates which shall be col- Act ho* to be leded by virtue of this Act. Pa,d*

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Regulation?, and An- Former Act enn-'thorities, included in and granted or given by the said former Act, except such as are hereby repealed, hnurd m:h tito shall, subject to and under the Alterations made thereto by this Act» be, together with this Act, executed and putin Force, for the Purposes therein and herein mentioned and specified, in as full and ample a Manner as could or might be done if both the said Acts were but one Ad.

[Public Act.]

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Perform whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit of the Public; and for indemnifying the said respective Persons, and their Representatives, in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*

intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and fate the rCC)Ui of 20 public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be Geo. III. C. p4 applied to the public So vice; and what Dcfcfts there are in the present Mode of receiving, colls Sling, issuing, 54* __ and accounting for public Money; and in what more expeditious and effeSluaU an i iefs expenjhe Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public \ it was enacted, That Lieutenant General Sir Guy Carleton, Thomas A'lguish Esquire, Arthur Piggott Esquire, Richard Neave Esquire, Samuel B cachet oft Esquire, fames Turney Esquire, and George Drummond Esquire, or any three of them, should be, and were thereby con/Etuud (J >mrr>i/Tinners for examining, taking, and stating the Accounts of all Duties, Taxes, and M ni s, gramed, raised, and appropriated for the public Service of this Kingdom, which h d been issued to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose final Accounts had not then been passed hefore the Auditor of the ImprefV, according to the Forms of the Exchequer, or whose Accounts, although pallid, had been for Seivn es which had been performed since the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and for considering of, and reporting by what Means and Methods the punlic Accounts might in tinure be passed, and the Accountants compelled to pay the Balances, and Monies due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive Manner: And, to the Inrent 1h.1t the Public might soon-r avail themselves of some of the Advantages intended to br derived tr« in the fai.i Ac>, it was thereby further enacted, That the said Commiflr nets should* in the first place, take an Account of the public Montes in the Hands of the several Accountant*;

70

Third Report of the Commissioners, dated March 6, 1781.

Balances in the Hands of the late Treafuicrs of the Navy, Sic,

Fourth Report, chared April 7, 1781.

Balances in the H*nas of the la e Paymaster* vC-aeral, Sic.

Toe S »m of

7^7crf 1. 1 s. Ad. 2 q, the balance lematn-in th*>Hands of the late Trea-1 i-ers of the Navr, &c, to be paid into the l’XcheqncT on rr ,befo e Ott. 27*1.

C. 48. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

and for that Purpose, should call on them to deliver in a Cash Account, and should consider what Sum it might be proper to leave in the Hands of each Accountant respectively, for carrying on th^ Services to which the same was or might be applicable, and what Sums might be taken out of their Hands to be dilpafed of by Parliament for the public Service: And whereas fix of the said Commissioners, by their Third Report, bearing Date the sixth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one*

under their Hands and Seals, and by them presented to the House of Commons in pursuance of the said Act, did certify, that the Sum of seventy-six thousand seven hundred ninety-three Pounds, eighteen Shillings, and one Penny Farthing, was then remaining in the Hands of several of the late Treasurers of his Majesty's Navy who had re/igned their Oflices, or in the Hands of the respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or the personal Representatives of such of (hem as were d^ad; (videlicet*) the Sum of twelve thousand three hundred and sixty Pounds, three Shillings, and Four-pent three Far- things, remaining in the Hands of the Right Honourable George Nugent Earl Temple, the personal Re- presentative of the Right Honourable George Grenville deceased, late I reasurer of his Majesty's Navy;

the Sum of thirteen thousand seven hundred sixty-three Pounds, seven Shillings, and one Penny three Farthings, remaining in the Hands of the Right Honourable William Lord Viscount Barrington in the Kingdom of Ireland, also late Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy; the Sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred and six Pounds, eleven Shillings, and Five-pence three Farthings, remaining in the Hands of the Right Honourable Richard Lord Viscount Hone in the Kingdom of Ireland, also Jate Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy j and the Sum of twenty-seven thousand five hundred sixty-three Pounds sixteen Shillings, and one Penny, remaining in the Hands of Sir Gilbert Elliot Haronot, the personal Representative of the Right Honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot Baronet deceased, also late Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy: And whereas, by the Fourth Report, bearing Date the ninth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, under the Hands and Seals of fix of the said Commissioners, and by them presented to the House of Commons in pursuance of the said Act, the said Commissioners did further certify,

that the Sum of three hundred seventy-seven thousand seven hundred eighty-eight Pounds, five Shillings,

and Seven-pence, was then remaining in the Hands of the Paymasters General of his Majesty's Forces who had resigned their Offices, or in the Hards of the Hciis, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

or the personal Represenracives of such of them as were dead; (videlicet%) the Sum of two hundred fifty-six thousand four hundred fi.rty-six Pounds, two Shillings, and Four-pence, remaining in the Hands of John Rowell Esquire, the only acting Executor of the late Right Honourable Lord Holland deceased,

late Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, the Sum of forty-four thousand four hundred twenty- two Pounds, four Shillings, and Fight-pence, remaining in the Hand* of the Right Honourable Caroline Baroness Greenwich, Administatrix to the Right Honourable Charles T*iv ijkend deceased, also late Pay-master General of his Majesty's Forces; the Sum of sixty-three thousand seven hundred thirty-eight Pounds,

three Shillings, and Ten-pence, remaining in the Hands of the Right Honourable Freda ick Lord North%

and George John Cooke, and Charles Molloy, E qtiues, the prlona) Representatives of the late George Cocke Esquire deceased, late Joint Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces with the said Frederick Lord Nonh; and the Sum of thirteen thousand one hundred seventy 'me Pounds, fourteen Shillings and Nine-pence, remaining in the Hands of the Right Honourable Thomas Tou njhcnd, and the said George John Cocke and Charles Molloy, the personal Representatives of the I are George Cooke Esquire deceased,

late Joint Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces with the said Right Honourable Thomas TownJJoend:

And whereas it is highly proper and expedient that the said several Balances or Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of four hundred fifty-four thousand five hundred eighty-two Pounds,

three Shillings, and Eight-pence Farthing, should be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, to be disposed of by Parliament for the public Service, notwithstanding the final Accounts of the Persons to whom the said Sums were issued have not been passed before the Auditor of the Impicft, according to the Forms of the Exchequer; and that the said several Persons, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

fty’uld he fully indemnified in respect of such Payments into the Exchequer be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the Sum of seventy-three thousand seven hundred and six Pounds, one Shilling, and Four-pence Halfpenny, being the Balance remaining in the Hands of such of the His late Treasurers of his Majesty's Navy who are now living, and in the Hands of the person.xl Representatives of such of them as are dead, in the several Proportions following; that is to say, The Sum of twelve thousand three hundred and sixty Pounds, three Shillings, and Four-pence three Farthings, remaining in the Hands of the Right Honourable George Nugent Earl Temple, the personal Representative of the said Right Honourable George Grenville deceased; the Sum of thirteen thousand seven hundred sixty-three Pounvs, seven Shillings, and one Penny three Farthings, remaining in the Hands of the said Right Honourable If'Illiam Lord Viscount Barrington in the Kingdom of Ireland; the Sum of twenry three thousand one hundred and six Pounds, eleven Shillings, and Five-pence three Farthings, remaining in the Hands of the said Right Honourable Richard Lord Viscount Howe in the Kingdom of Ireland', the Sum of twenty-four thousand four hundred seventy-five Pounds, nineteen Shilling?, and Four-pence Farthing, remaining in the Hands of the said Sir Gilbert Elliot Baroner, the personal Representative of the said Right Honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot Baronet deceased; making, in the Whole, the said aggregate Sum of seventy-three thousand seven hundred and six Pounds, one Shilling, and Four-pence Halfpenny, or so much of the said several Balances or Sums of Money as shall then remain in the Hands of the said several and respective Persons unapplied to the Services, Charges, and Demands, to which the same are respectively liable, shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and be applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Summons of Great Britain, in this present Session of Parliament 5 and the said Persons in whose Hands

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 49. 71

the said several Sums are remaining, are hereby respectively directed and required to pay the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the said aggregate Sum of three hundred seventy-seven thousand seven hundred eighty-eight Pounds, five Shillings, ano Seven-pence, being the Balance remaining in the Hands of such of the.laid late Paymasters General of his Majesty's Forces who aie now living, and in the Hands of the personal Reprefematives of such of them as are dead, in the several Proportions herein after mentioned; that is to say, The sum of two hundred fifty-six thousand four hundred fifty six Pounds, two Shillings, and Four-pence, remaining in the Hands nf the said John Poivell, the only acting Executor of the said late Right Honourable Henry Lord Holland deceased \ the Sum of forty-four thousand four hundred twenty-two Pounds, four Shillings, and Eight-pence, remaining in the Hands of the said Right Honourable Caroline Baroness Greenwich, the personal Representative of the said Right Honourable Charles Townshend deceased; the Sum of fixey-three thousand seven hundred thirty-eight Pounds, three Shillings, and Ten-pence, remaining in the Hands of the said Right Honourable Frederic Lord North, and of the said George John Cooke, and Charles Moiloy, Esquires, the personal Reprefematives of the said late George Cooke Esqume deceased; the Sum of thirteen thousand one hundred seventy-one Pounds, fourteen Shillings, and Nine-pence, remaining in the Hands of the said Right Honourable Thomas Townshend, and of the said George John Cocke, and Charles Mottoy, Esquires, the personal Representatives of the said late George Cooke Esquire deceased; or so much of the said several Balances or Sums of Money as shall then remain in the Hands of the said several and respective Persons, unapplied to the Services, Charges, and Demands, to which the same are respectively liable, shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and be applied to fufeh Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of Great Britain in this present Session of Parliament; and the said Persons in whose Hands the said several Sums are remaining, are hereby respectively directed and required to pay the same accordingly.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That, upon Payment of the several and respective Sums herein-before mentioned, or any Part thereof respectively, by the several and rc.'pedive Persons aforesaid, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the several and respective Persons aforesaid, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the respective late Treasurers of his Majesty's Navy, and Paymasters General of his Majesty's Forces, deceased, and they, each and every of them, and their and every of their respective Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels,- shall be, and are hereby acquitted, discharged, and exonerated, against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all and every Person and Persone whatsoever, for and in respect of all and evety such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, and Credit shall be given and allowed for the same in the respective Accounts of the fair! late Treasurers of his Majesty's Navy, and late Paymasters General of his Majesty's Forces, and their Representatives, by the Auditor or Auditors of the Imprefts, on producing a Tally or Tallies for the respective Sums so to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Custom or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, and are hereby authorised and impowered, upon Representation to them made, to order and direct the Paymaster General of the Forces now or for the Time being, out of any Money in his H inds, applicable to the Use of his Majesty's Forces, to pay all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall judge just and reasonable for satisfying any Demands for military or other public Services; and also to order and direct the Treasurer of the Navy now or for the Time being, out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Service of the Navy, to satisfy and pay any Navy Bill or Bills, Wages to Seamen, Half-pay Bounty to Chaplains, and all or any other Demands on Account of the Navy; which should or might have been paid by any or either of the said late Paymasters General of the Forces, or Treasurers of the Navy, or his or their respective Representatives, and which were Charges on him or them, incurred during the Time of his or their being Paymaster or Paymasters General of the Forces, or Treasurer or Treasurers of the Navy; and also all Fees, Rewards, Gratuities, or other Expences attending the carrying on; and the full Completion of, their respective Accounts, and obtaining their Rictus.

The Sum of 377.7851. 5 s. yd. the Balance remaining in the Hands of the late Paymaster* General, Sec. to be paid into the Exchequer on or before Oct. 24,

1781.

tlp^n Paytnent of the Sums above mentioned, the said late Treasurersot the Navy, and Paymasters General, their Heirr, See. shall be acquitted and d feharg-cd for the lame*

Commissioner* of the Treasury m?y order the Paymaster General to apply v any public Money in his Hand9 to the public Services; and also the Treasurer of the Navy, out of any public Money in his Hands, to pay any Navy Bills, &c. which should have been paid by the said late Paymasters, or Treasurers,

---

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord’s Day, called Sunday.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS certain Houses, Rooms, or Places, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or in the Neighbourhood thereof, have of late frequently been opened for public Entertainment or Amusement upon the Evening of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday; and at other Houses, Rooms, or Places, within the said Cities, or in the Neighbourhood thereof, under Pretence of inquiring into religious Doctrines, and explaining Texts of holy Scripture, Debates have frequently been held on the Evening of the Lord’s Day, concerning divers Texts of holy Scripture, by Persons unlearned and incompetent to explain the same, to the Corruption of good Morals, and to the great Encouragement of Irreligion and Profaneness;' be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From the passing of this Act, any House, &c. opened for publick Amusement or Debate, on a Sunday, to which Persons shall be admitted by Payment of Money, &c. shall be deemed a disorderly House; and the Keeper]

That, from and after the passing of this present Act, any House, Room, or other Place, which shall be opened or used for public Entertainment or Amusement, or for publicly debating on any Subject whatsoever, upon any Part of the Lord's Day called Sunday, and to which Persons

72 C. 49. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

[thereof shall forfeit 200l. for every Sunday the same shall be used as aforesaid.]

shall be admitted by the Payment of Money, or by Tickets sold for Money, shall be deemed a disorderly House or Place; and the Keeper of such House, Room, or Place, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every Day that such House, Room, or Place, shall be opened or used as aforesaid on the Lord's Day, to such Person as will sue for the same, and be otherwise punishable as the Law directs in Cases of disorderly Houses;

[Penalty on the President, &c.]

and the Person managing or conducting such Entertainment or Amusement on the Lord’s Day, or acting as Master of the Ceremonies there, or as Moderator, President, or Chairman, of any such Meeting for public Debate on the Lord’s Day, shall likewise, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to such Person as will sue for the same;

[Doorkeepers and Servants.]

and every Doorkeeper, Servant, or other Person, who shall collect or receive Money or Tickets from Persons assembling at such House, Room, or Place, on the Lord’s Day, or who shall deliver out Tickets for admitting Persons to such House, Room, or Place, on the Lord’s Day, shall also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds to such Person as will sue for the same.

'II. And whereas, by reason of the many subtle and crafty Contrivances of Persons keeping such Houses, Rooms, or Places as aforesaid, it may often be difficult to prove who is the real Owner or Keeper thereof;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[The Person who acts as Master or Mistress in any such House shall be deemed the Owner thereof.]

That any Person who shall at any Time hereafter appear, act, or behave him or herself as Master or Mistress, or as the Person having the Care, Government, or Management of any such House, Room, or Place as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be the Keeper thereof, and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuted, and punished as such, notwithstanding he or she be not in fact the real Owner or Keeper thereof:

[Where there are Joint-owners, each of them shall be liable to Prosecution.]

And wherever any such House, Room, or Place, shall belong to or be kept by divers Persons in Partnership, as Joint-Owners or Joint-keepers thereof, each and every such Joint-Owner or Joint-keeper of such House, Room, or Place, shall be deemed the Keeper thereof, and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuted, and punished as such:

[All Houses where Refreshments are sold at greater Prices on Sundays than on other Days; and such as shall be opened for public Debate on Sundays, by Subscription, &c. shall be liable to the Penalties inflicted by this Act.]

And any House, Room, or Place, at which Persons shall be supplied with Tea, Coffee, or any other Refreshments of Eating or Drinking on the Lord's Day, at any greater Prices than the common and usual Prices at which the like Refreshments are commonly sold upon other Days at such House, Room, or Place, or at Coffee Houses, or other Houses where the same are usually sold, shall be deemed a House, Room, or Place, to which Persons are admitted by the Payment of Money, although Money be not there taken in the Name of or for Admittance, or at the Time when Persons enter into or depart from such House, Room, or Place; and any House, Room, or Place, which shall be opened or used for any public Entertainment or Amusement, or for public Debate, on the Lord’s Day, at the Expence at any Number of Subscribers or Contributors to the carrying on any such Entertainment or Amusement, or Debate, on the Lord’s Day, and to which Persons shall be admitted by Tickets, to which the Subscribers or Contributors shall be intitled, shall be deemed a House, Room, or Place, to which Persons are admitted by the Payment of Money, within the Meaning of this Act.

[Penalty on advertising any such public Amusement for Sunday, and on printing such Advertisement.]

'III. And, for the better preventing Persons assembling on the Lord’s Day for such irreligious Purposes as aforesaid,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person advertising, or causing to be advertised, any public Entertainment or Amusement, or any public Meeting for debating on any Subject whatsoever, on the Lord’s Day, to which Persons are to be admitted by the Payment of Money, or by Tickets sold for Money, and any Person printing or publishing any such Advertisement, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence, to any Person who will sue for the same.

[Penalties how to be recovered.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person intitled to either of the aforesaid Forfeitures, may sue for the same by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which it shall be sufficient to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of ________ [being the Sum demanded by the said Action] being forfeited by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord's Day, called Sunday; and the Plaintiff, if he recover in any such Action, shall have his full Costs.

[Actions to be brought within six Months.]

V. Provided, That no Action shall be brought for either of the said Penalties by this Act imposed, unless the same be brought within six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed.

[Persons sued in Execution of this Act, may plead the General Issue, and recover Treble Costs.]

VI. Provided also, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance and in Execution of this Act, the Defendant may plead the General Issue; and if a Verdict pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff discontinue his or her Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment be given against the Plaintiff, then such Defendant shall have treble Costs.

[The Act not to affect the ecclesiastical Jurisdiction;]

VII. Provided also, That the ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within this Realm shall not determined by this Act be altered or abridged; but that the ecclesiastical Courts may punish the said Offences, as if this Act had not been made.

[nor the Toleration Act of 1 Gul, & Mar.]

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to take away, alter, or abridge, any of the Liberties or Immunities to which the Protestant Subjects of this kingdom are intitled, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws.

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 50. 73

CAP. L.

An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage* Provision was made for examining and determine Recital of in ing the common Market Prices of English Corn and Grain, in the Manner, and at the Times, and to Act 1 Jac. 11$ and for the Intent, End, and Purposes, thereby directed and provided: And whereas, by an Act made itPthe fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amend- Act 5 Geo. IJ. $ ing and making more effectual an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled,

An additonal Act for the Improvement of Tillage, the said Provision is declared to have been found ineffectual; and for the better ascertaining the Common Prices of Middling English Corn and Grain, and for other Purposes in the said recited Act mentioned, it is thereby enacted, That, from and after the first Day o (June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, it mall and may be lawful for all and every the Justices of the Peace for the several and respective Counties within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, wherein foreign Corn or Grain shall and may be imported, and they are thereby enjoined and required, at every their Quarter Sessions, to give in

Charge in open Court to the Grand-Jury then and there assembled, to make Presentment and Enquiry, upon their Oaths, of the Common Market Prices of Middling English Coin and Grain, as the same shall be commonly bought and sold in every such County; which Presentment and Enquiry the said Grand Jury are thereby impowered and required to make: And it is thereby further provided, That nothing therein contained shall extend, or be ronftrued to extend, to prejudice or affect the Authority given by the said Act, made in the fit ft Year of the Reign of King James the Second, to the Mayor,

Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace of the City of London: And whereas, by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Actl Geo. lU* Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled* " An additional Act for the improvement of Tillage,*9 4 as relates to the City of London, the Power t heretofore given to the Mayor, Aldermen, and the Justices of the Peace for the said City, for examining and determining the Common Prices of Middling English Corn and Grain, in the Months of October and April yearly, is further extended, and required also to be performed in the Months of January and July yearly: And whereas the several Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, in and by the said above-recited Acts declared and enacted, in order to ascertain the Common Market Prices of Middling English Coin and Grain, are found by Experience to be inadequate to the salutary Ends cheteby intended; And whereas it would be greatly conducive thereto, that the Common Prices of English Wheat, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Malt, Beer,

Bigg, and Oats, should in future be ascertained by other Ways and Means within the City of London, and that the Common Prices of the said several Sorts of English Corn or Grain (for the Purpose of regulating the Duties payable and to be paid upon the Importation of Foreign Corn and Grain of the said several Sorts respectively, as in and by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, are directedj, as well within the said City and the Port thereof, as within or at the several Towns, Ports, and Places within the Counties of Essex and Kent, wherein Foreign Corn or Grain of the said several Sorts respectively may or shall be imported, should at all Times be made to depend upon and be regulated by the Prices of the said several Sorts of English Corn and Grain respectively, as the same shall or may be ascertained within the said City :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts relative thereto, as respects the Methods to be pursued in the Counties of Kent and Essex, and also in the City of London, in order to enquire into and determine the Common Market Prices of Middling English Wheat, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Malt, Beer, Bigg, and Oats, shall be, and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Common Prices of English Corn or Grain of the said several Sorts respectively, as well within the said City of London and Port thereof, as at or in the several Towns,

Places, and Ports, within the Counties of Kent and Essex aforesaid, wherein Foreign Corn or Grain of the said several Sorts respectively shall or may be imported, shall and may, for the Purpose of regulating the Duties payable and to be paid on the Importation thereof, hereafter be made to depend upon, and be iegu-lated by, the Prices of the said several Sorts of English Corn or Grain respectively, as the same shall be ascertained within the City of London, by the Provisions herein after contained in this Act, and not otherwise 5 any Law, Stature, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

So much of recited Acts, <a, respects determining the common Prices of Middling English Wheat, &c. in Kent, Essex, and London, repealed.

Common Prices of En*lift* Corn, in the Ports of Lcnrion, Kenr, and Essex, to be regulated by the Prices to be ascertained in the City of London.

Corn and Grain exported, it is thereby enacted, That, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the Prices of Corn and Grain exported from this Kingdom shall be regulated and governed by the Average Prices at which such Corn or Grain shall be respectively fold in the public Market at or nearest to the Port or Place from whence such Corn or Grain shall be intended to be exported, on the last Market Day preceding the shipping of such Corn or Grain, and the respective Bounties, granted by the said Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall,

in like Manner, be paid and allowed according to such Average Prices; And whereas jpreat Inconveni-k Vol. XIV. Part I. L 4 eaces

74

Part of Act 13 Geo. III. repealed,

From Dec. a7» the In* spe&or of Returns of Corn to receive from the Fa$f is in the Corn Exchange a weekly Account (l:gned) of the Com sold by them 3

containing the Price, and Names uf the Purchasers,

Inspector to compucethe Aggregate Quantity of each Sort of Grain, and the Average Price* thereof j

and to publish a Transcript of fucS Account in the London Gazette weekly; which shall be deemed re have been the Are-rage Price*, during each respective Week, In Kent, Essex, and London,

Secretary of the Corn Exchange to defiver to the inspe&or, when required, the Name* and Place of Abode of all Corn-factors belonging to the said Marker,

Penalty of Ntg-lett thereof.

Inspe£or to ?n-- fere a List of the NamesandPlace* of A ! ode of the said Corn-fatiors in a Book.

The Weekly # Returns taken by the Iafpcfter,

C. 50. Anno vitefilno primo Georg 11 III. A.D.

cnces have arisen from the Restriction in the said Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, to taking the Average Prices from the last Market Day preceding the shipping of such Corn and Grain intended to be exported therefore be it, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That so much of the aforesaid Act as restrains the taking the Average Prices from the last Market Day preceding the shipping of such Corn and Grain intended to be exported, within the Counties of Kent and Essex* and in the City of London, shall be repealed.

IV. And whereas no Provision or Rule is thereby, or by any other Law now in Force, established, ‘ by Means whereof the said Average Prices for the Purposes thereby intended, may or can be alter4* ‘ tained; and it is necessary that feme Provifim or Rule should be established, and the Time limited by the ‘ said Act for taking the Average Prices should tv further extended ;* be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-seventh Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and cighly-onc, the Person who shall be, and is by Virtue of, and under the Powers of this Act, appointed to execute the Office or Employment of Inspeilor of the Returns of Corn, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall and may demand, taice, and receive, of and from each and every Corn-fa dor, dealing by Commission in the Sale of Corn or Grainy from his Seat or Stand within a certain Fabric or Building, commonly known by the Appellation of The Corn Exchange, situate and bring in Mirk-Lane^ within the said Chy, a true Weekly Account or Return (which laid Account or Return shall be thenicfuith weekly demanded, taken, and received, within the Space of three Day? from and after the Expiration of each and every Week) of the several Quantities of Corn or Grain of the respective Sorts before mentioned (each several Quantity and Sort thereof being distinctly marked and ciafled), by him bona fide (old and delivered as aforesaid in and during such Week; in which said weekly Account or Return (lv.ll be incited, and clearly and distinctly marked, as well the Price for which each several Quantity of Corn or Graiu, of the several and respective Sons before mentioned, shall have been by the I id Person to dealing as aforesaid bona fide fold and delivered during such Week, as also the real Name or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and which said Weekly Return shall be signed 01 attested by and with the Name of each Corn factor delivering the same, or by and with the Name of the Person usually employed by him: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inspector of Corn Returns thereupon, and he is hereby enjoined and required, within three Days thereafter, from the several and separate Weekly Returns so by him demanded, taken, and received, to make up and compute, and properly distingu fh the Aggregate Quantity of each respective Sort of Corn or Grain in the said several and separate Weekly Returns contained; and also make up and compute the Prices at or for which such Aggregate Quantity of each respective Sort of Corn or Grain, as therein hated, hath been bona fide9 during such Week, (old and delivered 5 and also make up, form, and compute therefrom the Average Prices of each respective Sort of Corn or Grain during such Week bona fide fold and delivered $ the Sum or Amount of which Aggregate Quantities and Prices, and also the Average Prices so formed, made up, and computed, shall be fairly and uiftindiy written in a Book, to be by him prepared and kept for that Purpose: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inspector of Corn'Returns, and he is hereby required to cause to be published, once in every Week, a Transcript of the Sum or Amount of such Aggregate Quantities and Prices, and also the Average Prices thereof, in the London Gazette; which Average Prices, lo published, shall be taken and deemed to be, and to have been, the real Average Prices of each Sort of Corn or Grain therein respectively mentioned, in and during the Week to which the said Average Prices shall refer, as well in the public Markets of the Towns, Places, and Ports, within the Counties of Kent and Essex, as in the City of London and Port thereof, whence the said Corn or Grain may be exported, and whereby the Bounties payable and to be paid by Law on such respective Sorts of Corn or Grain exported shall henceforth, within the Counties of Kent and EJfcXy and the City of London and Port thereof, be governed and regulated.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person who for the Time being dial) or may act in the Office or Employment of Secretary or Clerk at the Corn Exchange, and he is hereby required, upon or at the Requisition of the said Inspector of Corn Returns, to deliver to him in Writing the Name and Names of each and every Corn-fadior, dealing by Commission in the Sale of Corn or Grain, from his Seat or Stand in the said Market, and also his Place of Abode, if the same shall be to him known, and is also demanded; and upon Refusal thereof, or wilful Delay or Negligence therein, and Complaint made upon Oath before the Lord Mayor for the Time being, or one of the Aldermen of the said City, the said Secretary or Clerk shall be forthwith summoned to appear and answer touching the Matter of the said Complaint; and in’eafehe shall not obey such Summons, or on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Complaint shall be adjudged guilty thereof, it shall be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, or one of the Aldermen of the said City, before whom the said Matter of Complaint is so heard and determined, to fine the said Secretary or Clerk so offending, and adjudged guilty thereof, in a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor lets than ten Shillings, for every such Offence; which Fine is hereby directed to be paid to and for the Use of the said inspector of Corn Returns so complaining as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall provide and prepare a Book, wherein he shall inferr, or cauie to be inserted, a List of the Name and Names of each and every Corn-factor, dealing by Commission in the Sale of Corn or G^ain, in or from his Scat o> Stand in the Corn Exchange as aforesaid, and also his and their respective Place or Places of Abode (such said Lift to be'from Time to Time corrected, contracted, or enlarged, as Gccafir>n shall require); which said Book shall be kept in his Custody, and shall and may be produced at such Time and Times, and for such Purposes, as are herein after directed by this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said separate and several Weekly Returns, so by him demanded, taken, and received as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, be by him carefully filed and arranged, and tk poll ted in the Office or Apartment to the said inspector of Corn Returns belonging, hereafter to be

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50.

provided by this Act 5 which fiud several and separate Weekly Returns) or so many thereof as shall or may be necessary and are required, may and than be taken therefrom, and produced by the said Inspector of Corn Returns at the Time and Times, and to and for the Purposes and Occasions herein after cjirested, and none other, and shall, after such Production, be by him again received and filed; and no Person, except as above excepted, and save and except the Corn-factor who shall have delivered such Weekly Return or Returns, shall be permitted to resort to and inspect the same.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That in case any Person or Persons shall, within the Space of one Month after the Delivery of any such Weekly Return, suspect the same to be either in the Whole or in Part fraudulent, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so suspecting any such Return to be either in the Whole or in Part fraudulent, to specify, and to state in Writing to the said Inspector of Corn Returns, whose Return and in what Week made, and wherein, and whether in the Whole or in Part, he or they suspect the same to be fraudulent j whereupon the said Inspector of Corn Returns is hereby enjoined and required, by Reference had to such Weekly Return, the same either in the Whole or in Part, as may be necessary, to transcribe or copy, and to deliver such Transcript or Copy, signed with his Name, to the Person or Persons making such Specification as aforesaid, from the said Person or Persons receiving, upon or before the Delivery thereof, the Sum of one Penny for each and every Word therein contained, to and for his own Use and Benefit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons receiving such Transcript or Copy, at any the Quarter aeftions holden for the City of London that shall next ensue the Receipt or Delivery thereof, to exhibit one or more Information or Informations before the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices then and these assembled (who are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the fame) against any Corn Dealer who shall have delivered in to the Inspector of Corn Returns any such Weekly Return, in the Whole or in Part suspected to be fraudulent 5 and if the Corn Dealer, against whom such Information shall have been exhibited, be convicted of the Offence, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorised to administer), or by his own Confession, then and in such Case the Party so convicted shall, immediately upon such Conviction, pay to the Informer or Informers any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than five rounds, for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall have exhibited such Information as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall and may make up, compute, and distinguish, and he is hereby required, from and upon the whole Number of the said several Weekly Accounts of the Weekly Aggregate Quantities of each respective Sort of Corn or Grain by him so made up, computed, and distinguished, and also of the Prices and Average Prices thereof, respectively, that shall have been so made up, computed, and distinguished, from the first Weekly Accounts or Returns by him from each and every Corn-factor, dealing by Commission in the Sale of Corn or Grain as aforesaid, taken and received, to those inclusively which shall have been by him so made up, computed, and distinguished, to the End of the last entire Week that shall immediately precede the Sessions to be holden for the City of London for the Month of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and so thenceforward from Time to Time, Session to Session, as herein after directed, in like Manner to make up,'form, compute, and properly distinguish (and the same being made up, formed, computed, and distinguished, fairly to transcribe or insertintoa Book by him to be provided and prepared for that Purpose), the general Aggregate Quantity of each respective Sort of Corn or Grain that shall appear to have been bona fide fold and delivered, in and during the whole Number of such several Weeks, and also the Prices and Average Prices thereof respectively.

XI. And be it hereby further enacted, That on the first Day of the Sessions that shall be holdenTor the said City of London in the Month of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and thenceforward on the first Day of every Sessions that shall hereafter be holden for the said City in the Months of July, October, January, and April, yearly, in open Court, to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace for the said City, then and there assembled, the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall present and deliver the said Bock (the same to him being afterwards re-delivered) into which the said States or Accounts of the General Aggregate Quantities of Corn or Grain, of the respective Sorts therein mentioned, the Puces and Average Prices thereof, have been fairly and properly inserted or transcribed; and upon such Presentment and Delivery verify upon Oath (which Oath the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, then and there assembled, or any one of them, is hereby authorised to administer) that the fime are fairly, correctly, and properly made up, formed, and computed, to the best of his Power, Skip, and Judgement, and according, so far as in him lies, to the true Intent and Tenor of £his Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the General Average Prices of each respective Sort of Corn or Grain, so thereby formed, computed, and distinguished, on the whole Number of such several Weekly States or Returns of Average Prices, shall be taken and deemed to be, and to have been, the Common Prices of Middling English Corn or Grain, of the respective Sorts therein mentioned, in and during the Time to which the said General Average Prices shall refer, as well within the several Ports, Towns, and Places, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, as within the City of London and Port thereof, wherein Foreign Corn or Grain of the said respective Sorts may be imported; and which said General Average Prices it shall be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace of the said City, and they are hereby required, to cause to be published in the London Gazette, once in four several Weeks immediately succeeding such Sessions respectively, the Expence of which Publication shall and may be paid Out of any of the Monies in the Hands of the said Inspector of Corn by Virtue of this Act; and also to certify the Came unto his Majesty's Chief Officer and Collector of the Customs for the Time being,

La for

stall be filed, and Jepofited in his Office.

How to proceed U case any Weekly Return Hull be fnfpeft-rd to be fraudulent.

Penalty on Corn-faltors delivering in fraudulent Returns.

Inspector to Compute the Aggregate Quantity of each Sort of Grain, and the Average Prices thereof, which shall be fold previous to the Sessions for London, in April, 1782 \ and so on from Session to Session.

Which Account

he Aiall transcribe into a Book

and deliver, on the first Day of the said Seffiant (and afterwards on the first Day of each Quarter Session*) in open Court, by the Lord Mayor and Aldermen.

Such General Average Prices shall be deemed to havt been the Prices of Middling Endi/h Corn in Kent, Essex, and London j and shall be published in the London Gazette,

76 C. 50.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

»nd ctrtlfid to the Chief Officer of the Custom* in the Port of Lon ion! Sec,

Duties on Importation of Foreign Grain to be rrgulated by the Gid Average Prices.

How the Inspector to proceed in order to prevent fraudulent Return*,

Corn-factors to verify their Re-Urn* on Oath,

Tensity on not obeying the Summons of the Court!

Proprietor* of the Coro Ex-chinjr? to meet toper her ai.d appoint a proper Person to be In-speftor)

nod deliver such Appointment, within a Month after, to the Lord Mayor, Sec,

An Apirtment to be form (he dj in or rear the Corn Exchange, for the Uit of the lofpc^tgr.

for the Port of the said City of London*, who shall thereupon transmit a Copy or Copies thereof to ther several Chief Officers and Collectors of the Customs for the Time being, residing in the several Ports, Towns, or Places, in the said Counjics of Kent and Essex, wherein Foreign Corn or Grain, of the said respective Sorts, so certified, may be imported; and which said Certificate, Copy and Copies thereof, shall be hung up in some public Place in the Custom-houses thereto belonging, to which all Persons may resort for their Information; and according to which General Average Prices so published in the Gazette, and so certified as aforesaid, shall be collrded and paid the Duties and Customs payable and to be piid on the Importation of Foreign Corn or Grain, of the several Sorts therein mentioned, into the several Ports, Towns, and Places, within the Counties of Kent and Essex, and into the City of London, and Pore thereof, wherein the same may or shall be imported, and by none other Rule, Regulation, or Provide?); any Thing herein* or in any other Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And, in order that the said several and separate Weekly Returns hereby required to be irndc, by and from each and every Corn-faflor dealing by Commission in the Sale of Corn or Grain as aforesaid, may be made with less Suspicion of Fraud ;* it is heteby further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Inspector of Returns, on the first Day of each and every of the said Setlions as aforesaid, and he is hereby required, to present to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of Peice, then and there assembled, the Books wherein shall have been infer ced the Li (I of the Name and N.imcs of each and every Corn*factor, and his and their Place and Places of Abode, as by this Act required; and also (hill present the Name of each and every such Corn-factor, written in several and distinct Pieces of Parchment or Paper* being all, as near as may be, of equal Size and Bigness; which Pieces of Parchment or Paper shall be delivered to the Clerk or proper Officer of the said Court, and shall by him be rolled up, all, as near as may be, in the same Manner, and put together in a Box or Glass to be provided for that Purpose; who shall, in open Court, the same being first well shaken, draw out two of the said Parchments or Papers; and the Pe/fons whose Names shall be found written on the said Parchments or Papers so drawn, shall be summoned personally to appear on a certain Day to be then appointed, within the said Session, in case the same Session shall continue to be holden for a longer Time than one Day; but in case the said Seffinn shall be concluded within one Day, then on the first Day of the next ensuing Session; on which Day fa appointed the said two Corn-faAors shall appear, and shall severally verify upon Oith, or, being Quakers, affirm (which Oath or Affirmation the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, Aldermen, and Juthccs of the Peace, or any One of them, are and is hereby authorised and required to administer or receivr), the several and separate Weekly Returns, or so many of them as the said Court shall ju Jge proper, by him made and delivered as aforesaid; on which Day so appointed the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall alfi attend, and produce the several Weekly Returns by each of the said two Corn factors severally and separately made and delivered, and shall thereafter carefully deposit and refilc the same in the same Place wherein they are usually deposittd and filed; and in case the said two Cnrn-factors, or either of them, shall neglect to obey the said Summons of the said Court, or shall refuse, being present, to verify his or their said respective Weekly Returns upon Oath, or, being Quakers, by Affirmarion thereof, and the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, shall not be satisfied w;th the Reason of such Neglect or Refufil to verify the said respective Weekly Returns as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aide;men, and Justices of the Peace, to fine the said Person or Persons so in the Case of Negle61 to obey such Summons, or upon Refusal to verify the Lid Weekly Returns, or any Part, by Oath or Affirmation thereof, in a Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, nor less than twenty five Pounds, one Moiety of the said Fines to be applied to such Use and Purpose as in the Discretion and Judgment of the said Court shall be thought proper, the other Moiety thereof to the Use and Benefr of the said Inspector of Corn Returns.

XIV. And whereas in a certain Estate, consisting of a certafn Fabric or RuiMing herein-before mentioned, commonly known and described by the Name or Appellation of The Corn Exchange, firua’e in Mark lane, within the City of London aforesaid, there are several Proprietors, some of whom being Corn-factors, dealing by Commission in the Sale of Corn and Grain as aforesaid, are intrusted with the Management and Direction thereof, and of all that dors thereto appertain ;* be it hereby rnaefted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them, so entrusted with the Management and Direction thereof as aforesaid, and th^y aic hereby authorised and empowered, within six Weeks after the passing of this Act, to meet together, and at such Meeting to agree upon, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals nominate and appoint, a fit and proper Person to do and perform all Matters and Things through or by him required to be done and performed by Virtue of any the Powers and Regulations of this Act; and which Person so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall in such Appointment be styled Inspector of Corn Returns for the City of London; and within one Month after such Appointment, and Acceptance thereof, shall deliver the said Appointment, so made under the HancN and Seals of the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them, to the Loid Mayor or one of the Aldermen of the said City; who shall receive and keep, and d liver at the SclTions next following thereto, such Appointment, then and there to be registered and preserved during the Continuance of such Person so appointed to the salt! Office; and before whom the said inspector of Corn Returns shall take an Oath (which O.trh the said Lord Mayor, or any one of the Alderman of the said City, is hereby authorised to administer) ih?t he will, during the Time of his Continuance in the find Office, diligently, faithfully, and honefPy execute the fame; a Certificate of which Person having taken such Oath as aforesaid, shall also be delivered at the said Sections, and then and there also be registered: And it shall be further lawful to and for the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them, there so met or assembled, and they are hereby required, to agree, fix upon, and within the Space of three Months thereafter, dispose, furnish, and complete, out of and from the Monies arising or issuing from the said Estate, and the same thereafter to keep in Repair, a proper and convenient Apartment or Office, either within the said Building called Tbr Corn Exchange,

Or

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50. 77

other to be appointed within a

Month*

may appoint a Substitute j,

which-App^nt*

ment /ha 1J lie prcIcnted to the next Setiionsf

or as near thereunto as may be, for the Use and Accommodation of the said Person for the Time being; wherein all Books, Papers, and Returns, by this Act required, shall be carefully and securely filed or depofired, and in or over which shall be written or printed, in fair and legible Characters, Office of Corn Returns.

XV. Provided also, That when and as often as, in case of Removal by Death or otherwise, or by Re- Op Death or signation, of the said Inspector of Corn Returns, the said Office shall become vacant, it shall and may be Reflation of lawful to and for the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them, within one Month after such Removal

by Death or otherwise, or by Resignation, of the said ‘Inspector, to meet, agree upon, nominate, and "

appoint, a fit and proper Person, under their Hands and Seals (except in the Case herein after mentioned) to execute the said Office; who, on delivering the said Appointment, and taking such Gath as aforesaid, shall thereupon be enabled to execute the said Office, and entitled to receive the Salary thereto annexed, in Manner and Form herein after mentioned.

XVI. Provided also, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Proprietors, or the mrjor Part of them. Proprietor*, I it during any extreme Sickness of the said Inspector of Corn Returns, whereby he may be unable, for the case of Inspec-Space of one Week, to attend and execute the Duties of his said Office, either at the Request of any for’‘ Sickness» Corn-factor, or other substantial Person, in Writing to them, or any of them, signified, or without such Request, by their own Knowledge ascertained, to direct, and under their Hands and Seals nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person to execute the said Office during such Disability by Sickness as aforesaid who shall thereupon deliver the said Appointment to the Lord Mayor, or one of the Aldermen of the said City, and shall before him make Oath (which Oath the said Lord Mayor, or any one of the Aldermen, is hereby authorised to administer) that he will faithfully, to the best of his Skill and Judgment, execute, during such Disability by Sickness as aforesaid, all the Duties of the said Officex>f Inspector of Corn Returns, and deliver all Accounts, Returns, Books, or Papers, to his Care given or left, to the said Inspector of Corn Returns, when he shall be again able to execute the same, or to such other Person who may be legally appointed to the said Office in his Stead; and which said Appointment, and also a Certificate under the Hand of the Lord Mayor, or one of the Aldermen of the said City, before whom the said Oath shall have been made, of having taken such Oath, shall, at the Sessions next ensuing thereto, be presented to the said Court, and then and there recorded; whereupon the said Person so appointed, and executing the Duties of the said Office, shall and may demand and receive, for his Care and Trouble in the Execution thereof, of and from the said Inspector of Corn Returns, or out of the Salary to the said Office hereby appropriated and given as hereafter directed, such Sum and Sums of Money as the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace of the said City shall, by their Order, under their Hands and Seals, direct and appoint; which Order they are hereby impowered to make.

XVII. Provided also, That in case the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them, shall neglect, for the Space of one Week, after the Disability of the said Inspector of, Corn Returns to execute, through Sickness, his said Office, has been so signified as aforesaid, or shall have otherwise come to their Knowledge, and sufficient Proof thereof being given, to the Satisfaction of the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, so to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Mayor of the said City to appoint, a fit and proper Person for the Execution thereof, who shall, within three Days thereafter, take such Oath as aforesaid; and upon the Certificate thereof, and the said Appointment, being delivered to and ente.ed at the Sessions next ensuing thereto, the said Person shall be imitled to receive a Compensation* for hi* Care and Trouble in the Execution thereof, in like Form, Degree, and Manner, as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them, shall refuse or neglect, within the Time by this Act required, to meet, agree upon, and cleft, and under their Hands and Seals nominate and appoint, a fit and proper Person for the Execution of the said Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Jtfiices of the Peace, and they are hereby impowered and required, that at the Sessions that shall next immediately happen 2fter such NVgieft as aforesaid, or at an Adjournment of the same, to be held for that Purpose within one Week thereafter, to elect and appoint a proper Person to execute the Office of Inspector of Corn Returns; whose Appointment shall be then and there registered y and who shall then, or as soon as thereafter may be, take such Oath as is before directed, for the faithful Execution of his said Office; a Certificate of having taken which Oath shall also be then registered.

XIX. And be it hereby further enacted, That no Person who shall have been appointed as aforesaid to the said Office of Inspector of Corn Returns slave and except the Person or Persons appointed to execute the same during such Disability through Sickness as aforesaid) shall be therefrom removeable but upon Complaint of Misbehaviour in his said Office to the Sessions made, and then and there heard and adjudged; when and in which Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, unless they shall see good Cause to the contrary, the said Person to remove from his said Office; and they shall thereupon signify such Removal to the Secretary or Clerk of the Corn Exchange for the Time being, in case the Appointment of the Inspector of Corn Returns be in the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them* as aforesaid; in order to proceed to the Election of some other fit and proper Person in the Room of the said Inspector of Corn Returns so removed, and to which Election they shall proceed, as in Manner and Form before directed, within one Week after the Signification of such Removal; but in case the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them, shall neglect so to dopor in case the Appointment of the said Inspector shall befov the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace of the said City, then the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and justices of the Peace, shall proceed to such Reappointment and Re-election on some convenient Day within the said Sessions, or at an Adjournment of the same to be held for that Purpose within one Week thereafter*

Or Neglect of

Proprietors, the Lord Mayor may appoint such Sub dilute*

If Proprietor* /jrp’eft 10 appoint an Inject or, the Lord Ma/or and Aldermen, at the next Sessions, are tu appoint one*

No Inspector to be removed from Lis (Jtike, except by die S«f-hoas.

In case of such Removal, h.iw a Successor is to be appolnud.

7&

Corn-faOori negleOing to deliver Weekly Returns, to be summoned before the Sessions.

Penalty on such NeglfO, or on not obeying the Summoai.

A Duty Of a Halfpenny per Last on all Corn sold to be paid to the Jnfptdor j

the Amount thereof to be IVafei, and presented to the Sessions, Twice a Year.

How the Money shall be applied.

If CornTfa^ors lifglrft to pay the DS'y upon -their Weekly Returns, it may be levied by Dif-Ixe/t,

suspeflor to g!ve Seem tty.

C. 50. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace of the said City, to enquire of and examine the said inspector of Corn Returns, upon the Delivery thereof, in open Court at any of the said Sessions, whether any and what Corn-fa£lor or Factors, dealing by Commission in the Sale of Corn and Grain from his or their Seat or Stand as aforesaid, has or have neglected or refused to deliver (the fame having been from him or them demanded) such Weekly Returns of Sale and Delivery as are by this Act directed; and in case of any such Neglect or Refusal, the said Person or Persons so charged shall forthwith be summoned to appear on a certain Day within the said Sessions, in case the same Sessions shall continue to be holden for a longer Tune than One Day; but in case the said Sessions shall be concluded within one Day, then on the first Day of the next ensuing Session, to answer touching the fame} and in case it shall then appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, that the Person or Persons so summoned hath or have refund or wilfully neg ecled to deliver such Weekly Return or Returns, or in case the said Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear, on Proof or the Service of the said Summons being made, then, and in either Case, the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, shall fine the said Person or Persons so offending, for every such Neglect or Refusal, in a Sum not more than ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; one Moiety thereof to be applied to such Use and Purpose as in the Discretion and Judgment of the said Court shall be thought fit; the other Moiety thereof to the Use and Benefit of the said Inspector of Corn Returns; unless it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the said Court, that the Person or Persons so summoned was or were by some sufficient Cause prevented or hindered from appearing before the said Court on the Day Whereon by such Summons he or they were required to appear,

XXI. And in order to compensate the said inspector of Corn Returns for his Trouble and Pains in the faithful Execution of his said Office; and in order to repay to the Estate, confiding of a certain Fabric or Building commonly known by the Name of The Corn Exchange in Mark-laney as aforesaid, all such Monies thence issuing md arising as shall have been or may be expended, by virtue of the Powers in this Act contained, in providing, completing, and maintaining, or keeping in Repair, a proper and convenient Apartment, Place, or Office, for the Use and Accommodation of the said Inspe£lor of Corn Returns, either within the said Corn Exchange, or as contiguous thereunto as may be; and for the further Benefit and Improvement of the said Estate \ be it hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Inspector of Corn Returns, or the Person executing the said Office during any such Disability by Sickness as aforesaid, to demand, collet, and receive, from each and every Cprn-facW so dealing as aforesaid, from Time to Time, the Sum of one Halfpenny ^rLaft, and no mote, on all Corn and Grain of the respective Sorts before mentioned, which shall appear in or by the said fever*! Weekly Returns to have been by him or them so bona fide fold and delivered; the gross Amount of which said Sum or Sums so collected and received shall, by the said Inspector of Corn Returns, or Person then executing the said Office during any such Disability as aforesaid, be twice in every Year, that is to say, at the Sessions holden in the Months of October and April yearly, for the City of London, to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, then and there assembled, in Writing, stated and presented; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby authorised and required, under their Hands and Seals, to permit and impower the said Inspector of Corn Returns, out of the said Sum and Sums so collected and received, to retain and apply, to and f >r his own U e and Benefit, any Sum not exceeding the Rate of one hundred and twenty Pounds Per Annum, nor less than one hundred Pounds; from which said Sum shall always be first deduced such Oum or Sums as shall by the find Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, be directed and ordered (which Order and Direction they are hereby impowered to make) to be paid to or retained by any Person or Persons then executing, or who hath or have executed, the said Office during any such Disability as aforesaid; and the RefHue or Overplus of the Money and Monies so collected and received shall be paid over, without Delay, to such the Proprietors of the said Estate of the Corn Exchange, who manage and regulate the same as aforesaid, to and for the further Benefit and Improvement of the said Estate, and in order to repay thereunto all such Monies as may have been therefrom issued or expended in providing, completing, and keeping in Repair, such Apartment, Place, or Office; and the said Inspe£lor of Corn Returns, or Person executing such Office as aforesaid, shall, after such Payment made, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors, be for ever discharged and exonerated therefrom.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, at any the Sessions holden in the Months of April, July, October% and January, yearly, for the said City, to inquire into and examine, and the said Inspector of Corn Returns, or Person then executing the said Office as aforesaid, is hereby required to declare and make known, whether any of the said Cotn-factors, so dealing as aforesaid, have neglected or refused to pay or discharge (the fame having been demanded) any Sum or Sums of Money from him or them due and owing, upon and from his or their several Weekly Returns of Corn by him or them (o (old and delivered; and in case it shall so appear and be adjudged, then by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so offending shall be levied such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be thereupon due and owing; and after rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Party ‘whose Goods shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being nrft deduced) the said Sum or Sums (o levied shall be paid over to, or retained by, tte said Inspector of Corn Returns, or Person then executing the said Office as aforesaid, and shall (hereafter, as fonn as may be, be stated and applied in the same Manner, and «o and for the same Purposes, as herein-before is declared and enacted of and concerning all such Sum and Sums of Money ai h3vl' by the said Inspector, or Person executing such Office as aforesaid, been before Demanded and regularly collected and received.

XXIII. And be it further provided. That no Person duly appointed to the Office of Inspector of Com Returns’for the City of London (save and except such Person or Persons who shall, during any such Dif-

79

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 51.

ability as aforesaid, execute the fame) shall be capable of holding the said Office, or be infitled to any Cpm-pensation therefrom, unless, at the Sessions to be bolden for the said City next after such Appointment, he shall render to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, then and there assembled, good and sufficient Security, to be by them there and then approved and accepted, in the Amount of s* Sum not Jess than two hundred Pounds, m.r more than three hundred Pounds, for the faithful accounting and Payment of all Monies received by him by virtue of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall and Penalty* md may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant from the said Lord Forfeitures to be Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, or under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor or Aider- icvied by Distress, man before whom any Offender shall be convicted, as the Case shall be; which Warrant the said Lcrd

Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices, or the said Lord Mayor or Aldermen, are^nd w impoweted to grant upon Information of one or more credible Witness or Witness upon Oath, which Oath the said Lord Mayor,

Aldermen, and Justices, or the said Lord Mayor or Alderman, are and is hereby impowered to administer, rendering the Overplus (if any be), after the Payment of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, when do- ' manded, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained; the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first thereout deduded.

XXV. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this A eft, be it enacted by Ho* Justices to

the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace for the said City, ar *or the Lord Mayor or Alderman, a9the Case may be, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convidc/d fad£i.°

of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect:

FORM of CONVICTION.

City of London, 7 4 BE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Fcrm of Coa»

to tvit. J 4 -D Year of his Majesty's Reign, A.B. is convicted before, tiaion.

by virtue of an Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his Majesty Kim* George the Third,

For further regulating and afeertairdng the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, 1vithin several Ports and Places therein mentioned. [specifying the Offence, as the Case shall be.J

Given under our Hands and Seals, [or Hand and Seal,] the Day and Yeai first above mentioned/

And that no Objection shall be made or Advantage taken for want of Form in any such Conviction, by Proceedings not any Person or Persons whomsoever; and that no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removeable wa° ° °rm* by Certiorari, or any other Process whatsoever, into any one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall alter, lessen* or Saving the defeat, any Power, Privilege, or Fra' chife, which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City R»shl«of the of London have, cUim, or enjoy, of appointing any Market or Markets for the Sale of Corn and Grain V?rpd°rauoa of within the said City and Liberties thereof, or could or might have had, claimed, and enjoyed, at any Time n oa* before the passing of this Act.

CAP. LI.

An Act to explain an Act, passed in the third Year of George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates, and for enlarging the Time of such Registering, and for securing Purchases made by Protestants.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an pajjrd in the last Session of Parliament, intituled\ c* An Act "

to oblige Papists to regjler their Names and real Estates, and for enlarging the Time of such Registering^ and Act 3 Geo. I, 44 for securing Purchases made by Proujlanis it is enacted, That fr< m and alter the nine atm twentieth r«iic4,

Day of September, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, no Manors, Lands,.

Tenements, Hereditaments, or any Inn rest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, (h?!l pass, alter, or change, from any Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, by any Deed or Will, except such

Deed, within six Months after the Date, or such Wil!, within fit Months after the Death of the Testa- for, be inrolled, in one of the King’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or eife with in the same County or Counties wherein the Manors, Lands, and Tenements lie, by the Ctfros Rotulorum, and two Justices of the Peace, and the Clerk of the Peace of the same County or Counties, or two of th^m at the leafty whereof the Clerk of the Peace to be one: and whereas, in the Execution of the said recited Act, several Deeds and Wills have been inrolled before the Custos Rotulorum, and two Justices of the Peace, and the Deputy Clerk of the Peace, or two of them, whereof the Deputy Clerk of the Peace has been one;.

and some Doubts have anfen upon the said Act, touching the Iniolln.ents of such Deeds and Wills,.

whether such Deputy, in the Absence of his Principal, can or may lawfully ad therein / be it therefore D*poty Clerk of enacted by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Deputy Clerk or the Peace shall, from Henceforth, have the ^d^iniftVrYr^ like and as full Power and Authority to admudlter Oaths to Parties and Witnesses, of the* due Execution o«th?rdaci $-o of Deeds and Wills, and to imoll all Deeds and Wills whatsoever, as the Clerk oh in - Peace may or can E ccu*:< n of do in his own proper Person, under and by^irtueof the said recited Act, or other wile, ho wlocver; and

t that r,!.

So C. 52. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

that all Deeds and Wills already irirolled, and every Oath of the due Execution thereof, administered by the Custos Rotulorum, and two Justices of the Peace, and the Deputy Clerk of the Peace, or any two of - them (such Deputy Clerk of the Peace being one), shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, of the same Force, Vigour, Validity, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Deeds and Wills

had been inrolled, and as if such Oaths had been administered by or before the Clerk of the Peace in his own proper Person.

n

CAP. LII.

An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 20 Geo. III. cap, i1.

,4 ' Geo. III. Cap. ^6#

Commissioners of the Navy, on being certified by the Commissioners of Longitude of the Probability of any Proposals for discovering the Longitude, &c*

shall order a He-Avard to be paid to the Authors of such I’ropo-i*ls.

The Sums to be paid by virtue of this Act not to -exceed 50c© 1.

WHEREAS y an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making ether vjeful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating the reto)t the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea were impower-

ed, whenever they should be satisfied of the Probability of any Propofol or Propofols that should be made

to them for discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; and also, in case they should adjudge any Person or Persons to have m de any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though not of (0 great Use as to be entitled to any of the great Rewards specified in an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the Repeal of all former Acis concerning the Longitude at Sea, except jo much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Comm'tjfioners thereby conjli fated, and also Juco Clauses as relate to the confiruShng, printings pub!ifl)ing, vending, and iiccnjing, of nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables \ and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as flail discover a Method for finding the same, or fall make useful Discoveries in Navigation \ and for the better making Experiments relating the reto); yet that the said Discovery was of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, to

certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude Should think reasonable, to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy were thereby authorised and required to make out Bills upon the T/eafurer of the Navy for such Sums so certified, who was thereby authorised to pay the same immediately to such Person or Persons: And whereas, by reason of several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy to several Persons, in pursuance of the Directions of the said first mentioned Act, the said Commissioners for the *4 Discovery of Longitude have nearly expended the Sum of five thousand Pounds, granted by the said Act for the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas the continuing the said Encouragement and Rewards for the

Purposes mentioned in the said fift mentioned Act, will contribute to the Advantage of Trade, and to the Honour of this Kingdom :* May it therefore p’tafc your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Exci-lltm Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenrof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude, and they have hereby full Power and Authority, whenever they shall be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them, for the discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; and also in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though of not so great Use as to be intitled to any of the great Rewards specified in the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, yet that the said Discovery is of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commission rs for the Discovery of Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons $ and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude.; and the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby authorised and required to pay immediately such Sum or Sums, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude to make such Experiments, or to receive such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, for making idler Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, out of any Monies which shall be in his the said Treasurers Hands unapplied to the Use of the Navy.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Morn y as shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and in rewarding in a lesser Degree Itfier Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, do not all together exceed the Sum of live thousand Pounds.

---

[The Sums to be certified, and Payment made, agreeable to the]

III. Provided also, That such Sum or Sums shall be certified, and such Bills shall be made out, and Payment thereof made, in such Manner, and under the same Regulations and Provisions, as are in and by the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty prescribed, with regard to the Sum of five

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 53, 54. 81

[Regulations of the above-recited Act 14 Geo. III.]

thousand Pounds, by the said Act made applicable to the Encouragement and Reward of such Person or Persons as should make lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or make other useful Discoveries and Improvements to Navigation, and to the better making of Experiments relating thereto.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Public Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the time of passing an Act, made in the twenty sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, since the making of an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

[Act 26 Geo. III. recited.]

intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages, divers Churches and public Chapels have been erected and built within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, which have been duly consecrated, and divers Marriages have been solemnized therein; but by reason that in such Churches and Chapels Banns of Matrimony had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing the said Act, such Marriages have been deemed to be void;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and With the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[All Marriages solemnized before Aug. 1, 1781, in any Church, &c. in England, erected since the making of the recited Act, decided valid.]

That all Marriages already solemnized, or to be solemnized before the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, in any Church or public Chapel, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, erected since the making of the said Act, and consecrated, shall be as good and valid in Law as if such Marriages had been solemnized in Parish Churches or public Chapels having Chapelries annexed, and wherein Banns had been usually published before or at the Time of passing the said recited Act.

[Clergymen, who shall solemnize such Marriages, indemnified.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Parsons, Vicars, Ministers, and Curates, who, before the tenth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall have solemnized any of the Marriages which are hereby enabled to be valid in Law, shall be, and they are hereby indemnified against the Penalties inflicted by the said recited Act upon Persons who shall solemnize Marriages in any, other Place than a Church or public Chapel in which Banns had been usually published before or at the Time of passing the said recited Act.

[Registers of such Marriages to be received as Evidence.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Registers of Marriages, solemnized or to be solemnized in the said Churches or Chapels, which are hereby enabled to be valid in Law, or Copies thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages, in the same Manner as Registers of Marriages solemnized in Parish Churches or public Chapels, in which Banns were usually published before or at the Time of passing the said recited Act, or Copies thereof, are received in Evidence.

[Registers of Marriages solemnized in Chapels, to be removed to the Parish Church.]

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Registers of all Marriages, solemnized in any public Chapels which are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, shall, within twenty Days next after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, be removed to the Parish Church of the Parish in which such Chapel shall he situated; and in case such Chapel shall be situated in an extraparochial Place, then to the Parish Church next adjoining to such extraparochial Place, to be kept with the Marriage Registers of such Parish, and in like Manner as Marriage Registers are directed to be kept by the said recited Act.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, is by the last Determination of the House of Commons, of the twentieth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, declared to be in such Freemen as have served seven Years Apprenticeship to one and the same Trade in the said City* or the Suburbs thereof, and do not receive Alms or weekly schaiity, such Freemen being duly sworn and inrolled: And whereas great Frauds and Abuses

and in Violation of the Freedom of Elections:’ To prevent such Practiees for the future, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, An open Co;n-" from and after the passing of this Act, an open Council shall be held at Saint Marys Hall in the said City, robe hddat on the first and last Tuesday in every Calendar Month, for the Purpose, on the first Tuesday in each Month, Sr* of receiving and proclaiming aloud the Names of every Person or Persons who shall then present, or cause i^Tuesday in to be presented, an Account in Writing of the Particu! its of his or their.Claim to the Freedom of the said evc/y City, and for the Purpose, on the last Tuesday in each Month,’ of admitting to the Freedom of the said City such Person or Persons as shall then appear and claim to be so admitted, he or they first verifying

upon

#2

Limitation of the Expence of taking of the Freedom*

Particulars to be obfemd by those who take it up.

Town Clerk to enter the above Particulars in a Book,

Lists of the Names of all the Freemen, &c. admitted, to be pasted on the Church Doors,

Councils not to be held during a certain Time ipectfed. Fle&ori to be {worn.

The Oath*

Penalty on Persons guilty of Perjury.

Penalty on Returning Officer for admitting Persons to poll without being fwor»;

and oo Members of the Council for re-fuftog to admit Sleftort, &c.

Provisoi

Penalty on Town Clerk for making fraud-tricot Entries,

C. 54. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

upon Oath the Particulars of his or their Claim delivered in at the preceding Council; and that the Council which shall be bolden on the first Tutfdcy in each Month shall assemble at Ten in the Morning, and continue open a Convenient Time for receiving such Claims as shall then be preferred; and the Council which shall be holden on the lad Tuesday in each Month shall continue open from the Hour of Ten in the Morning till Three o’Clock in the Afternoon of the same Dav, or for such shorter Time as shall be found fuftkient for hearing and determining any Claims which shall then have been preferred $ and if any such Claims shall then remain unheard or undetermined, the said Council shall be adjourned from Day to Day? and continue open on each Day in Manner aforesaid, for bearing and determining such Claims*

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and afier the pading of this Act, no greater Fee than three Shillings, over and above the Expence of the necessary Stamps, shall be demanded or taken of any Person or Persons who shall be so admitted to his or their Freedom at any such Council.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be admitted to the Freedom of the said City, at any Council to be held for that Purpose, who shall not produce Evidence of regular Indentures or Deeds of Apprenticeship for seven Years, as required by the Resolution aforesaid, and who shall not also declare upon Oath the Name or Names of his Matter or Matters, the Trade to which he served under him or them, the Place of his or their Residence during the Time be served, and of his own Residence at the Time of his claiming to be admitted to the Freedom of the said City; and that it shall be lawful For such Persons so claiming their Freedom as aforesaid to come to such Council attended with their Agents, who shall be present at their Admission, if they so require it; and such Council are hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Town Clerk shall enter all the above Particulars in the Admission Book under the Name of each Person who is admitted to the Freedom of the said City; and that the said Town Clerk, and the Mayor, and each of the Members composing the Council at which such Freemen shall be admitted, shall openly subscribe their Names to the said Entries.

V. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Lids of the Names of all Persons claiming to be admitted Freemen, and of all the Freemen admitted at any Council to be held in the Manner aforesaid, shall be made out in Writing, and signed by the Town Clerk, and be pasted or fixed upon the Doors of all the Churches in Coventry, within twenty-four Hours after the holding of such Council.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Council shall be held for receiving Claims of Persons claiming to be admitted to the Freedom of the said City after the Day on which Notice shall be given determined by the Sheriff or Sheriffs, according to the Statute, of any Election for a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, till after the final Close of every such Election.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, at every Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, every Person who shall come to poll at such Election, shall, if required by any Candidate at such Election, or by any two or more Persons having a Right to vote at such Elections, previous to his being permitted to poll, take the following Oath, or, being one of the Persons called Quakers, shall solemnly affirm the Effect thereof; (that is to uy,)

1 OU do swear, That your Name is A.B. and that you have been admitted to the Freedom of the

* City of Coventry under Indentures, or Deeds of Apprenticeship; and that you have served seven c Years Apprenticeship to one and the same Trade in the said City, or the Suburbs thereof; and that

you are of the Age of twenty-one Years, or upwards; and have not been polled before at this Election*

So help you GOD.9

Which Oath the Returning Officer or Officers, or his Deputy, is hereby Empowered to administer.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, in consequence of any Oath which they shall have taken by the Direction of this Act, shall, on Conviction thereof, incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties to which any other Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is liable by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Returning Officer or Officers, at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, shall wilfully admit any Person to poll at such Election without his having first taken the above-mentioned Oath, if required so to do, in Manner aforesaid, the said Returning Officer or Officers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Mayor, and the other Members composing any Council to be held for the Purpose of proclaiming the Persons presenting Accounts of their Claim to the Freedom of the said City, or for the Purpose of admitting such Persons to the Freedom of the said City, shall refuse to proclaim, or to admit such Person or Persons as shall come and prove their Titles according to the Provisions of this Act, they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XI. Provided always, That if any Doubts shall arise as to the Legality of the Titles so sworn to, it shall and may be lawful for the said Council to hear Witnesses, and admit Evidence to disprove the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Town Clerk shall neglect to make the proper Entries, or shall make any false and fraudulent Entries in the Admission Book; or if.he shall neglect to make out and sign the Lists of the Freemen admitted, and cause them to be pasted or

feed

83

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georg ill I. C. 55.

fixed on the Doors of the Churches in Manner herein*before directed; or if he shall make out, lign, or cause to be patted or fixed on the Doors of the Churches as aforesaid, any false or fraudulent Lift, he shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

[To what Free-

XIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That this Act shall not extend, nor be construed to extend, to any Freeman of the find City but such as have a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City.

exteni*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Returning Officer or Officers (lull, at all future Elections Ileflion Booth of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, cauie the Booth for holding such Election to be erected wh<rt 10

in the widest and most convenient Part of the open Market-place called Cross-cheaping, not contiguous to 4rtatd« any other Building.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties laid or imposed by this Peoalde* bow Act shall be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any to

of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Limitation of no Person shall be liable to any Penalty by this Act laid or imposed, unless Prosecution be commenced

within one Year after such Penalty shall be incurred.

[Public Act.]

XVII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Dates of all Deeds or Inden- De w Wk*« tures of Apprenticeship, together with the Names of the Parties, and their Places of Abode, which, from lurtt

and after the passing of this Act, shall be made and executed between any Person or Persons residing in the ^i^reeSieS said City of Coventry, or the Suburbs thereof, and his, her, or their Apprentice or Apprentices, under by the Town which such Apprentice or Apprentices may hereafter have a Right to be admitted to the Freedom of the Clerk, said City, shall be registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Town Clerk of" the same City for the Time being, within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof; which the said Town Clerk is hereby required to register, and on such Deeds or Indentures to indorse a Certificate of such Register; and in Default thereof, such Deeds or Indentures shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be null pad void.

CAP. LV.

An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in Lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS certain Inland Duties are imposed on all Chocolate made in this Kingdom, but no such Duties are charged on the Cocoa Nuts from which such Chocolate is made, whereby evil-minded Persons are encouraged to purchase large Quantities of these Nuts, who afterwards do privately make Chocolate from the same, and vend the said Chocolate so made, without any Duty being charged thereon, to the great Injury of the Revenue, and to the Hurt of the fair Trader; which Fraud cannot so effectually be prevented as by repealing the Duties now chargeable upon Chocolate, and by imposing upon all Cocoa Nuts an Inland Duty proportionate to the Duty now to be repealed be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the several Inland Duties now payable for Chocolate made in Great Britain shall cease, determine, and be no longer Mid or payable; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Duties, or $0 any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any Time before, the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And, to the Intent that no Failure or Deficiency may accrue or happen, by the Determination of the said Duties on Chocolate, in the respective Funds to which those Duties were appropriated and applicable,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in lieu thereof, there shall be answered and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Cocoa Nuts already imported, or which shall hereafter be imported, into this Kingdom (over and above all other Duties already payable for the same at the Custom-house), an Inland Duty after the Rate of Eighteen-pence each Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity; Tubje& nevertheless to the additional Im-post of five Pounds per Centum, and of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum, snd of five Pounds per Centum, are granted to his Majesty by two several Acts, the one made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign

After July 17*1, the Inland Dude* on Chocolate to cease; except relating to recovering Arrears, &c.

In lieu thereof an additional Inland Duty of is. 6d. per Pound shall be paid for all Cocoa Nut* imported; subject to an addition* Duty of 5 per Cenr. granted bf 19 Geo. III.

'84

and to 5 per Cent, granted bf ai Geo. III. Cap. 17.

I'ocm Nuts, v.iiich, on July 5, 1*81, Diall be Judged in Warehouse?, purfuint to an of 10 Geo. I, Dull btf charged with the new Duty,

The Du y to be Pfid for all Stork in Hand a July 5,178J-

Persont pofftTed of Cocba Nut* on July 5, 1781, lo gi^e an Account thereof in Writ ng, within ten Days, f the next Office of Excise.

Penalty on Ne-

Duty to be paid within three Months,

Officer* of Excise to take an Account of Cocoa Nutt in Hand; and for that Purpose xn try enter Dwelling-houlci, &c»

Penalty en dan-deftirjtly removing or concealing Cocoa Nuts, before they have been charged by the Officer,

The Powers, tcc. granted, and the Penalties infilled, by an Act of 10 Geo. I. or any other Act relating to the Duties on Cocoa

C. 55. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

(intituled, An Act for granting toffis Majesty additional Duties upon tie Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners rf the Cujhtns and Excise in Great Britain); the other made in this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting to' his Mate fly an a iditional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain).

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cocoa Nuts, which, on the fJd fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall be lodged or secured in any Ware-house or Warehouses, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned payable upon Coffee, 7cCocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Ccccci Pafle imported, and for granting certain Jxlavd Duties in lieu thereof \ and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa P fie \ and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell Earl of Carnwath), shall be, and are hereby charged with the said Duty of Kfghteen-pence per Pound, to be paid by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Cocoa Nuts which any Dealer In, or Seller of, Coffee, Te3, Cocoa Nuts, or Chocolate, in Great Britain (other than and except such Persons who shall make Chocolate for their Family Use, and not for Sale, with respect only to their Stock in Hand), or any Person or Persons in Trust for his, her, or their Use, shall be paflefVed of, or ;nte-relled it), upon the said fifth Day of July*, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall be, and are hereby charged with the said Duty of Eighteen-pence per Pound Weight; which said Duty for such Cocoa Nuts Stock in Hand, shall be paid by the Person or Persons respectively possessed of the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,' That all and every the said Dealers in, of Sellers of, Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts* or Chocolate, and all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, who in Trust for them, or for the Use, Benefit, or Account of them, or any or either of them, shall have in hisj her, or their Custody or Possession, in any Place whatsoever, upon the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, any Parcel or Quantity of Cocoa Nuts, shall on that Day, or within ten Days next ensuing, give a true and particular Account thereof in Writing, at the next Office of Excise within the Limits of which he or they shall then respectively inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence, and also the Cocoa Nuts of which no such Account shall have been given, which shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; and within three Calendar Months after he, she, or they shall have given, or ought to have given, such Account as aforesaid, shall pay down the Duties, hereby payable for such Cocoa Nuts, to the proper Officer or Officers fyr receiving the fame and/all and every such Dealers in, or Sellers of, Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, or Chocolate, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment for his, her, or their said Stock of Cocoa Nuts, within the Time by this Act limited for that Purpose, shall forfeit Double the Sum of the Duty which should have been so paid by him, her, or them, as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers for the Inland Duties upon Coffee and Tea, to take a true and particular Account of all such Cocoa Nuts as any Dealer in, or Seller of, Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, or Choctdate, or any other Person or Persons in Trust, or for the Use, Benefit, or Account of them, or any or either of them, shall be possessed of, or interested in; and for that Purpose shall be permitted in the Day Time to enter into any Dwelling-house, Out-house, or other Place Whatsoever, belonging to every and any such Dealer in, or Seller of, Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, or Chocolate, and each of them, who are hereby required to permit and suffer such Officer or Officers, upon his or their Request, to make such Entry, on the said filth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, or afterwards at any Time before the Dftty on such Cocoa Nuts Stock in Hand shall be paid, and to take such Account thereof, by weighing or otherwise, as shall best ascertain the true Quantity thereof; and if they, or any of them, shall rtftvc to permit or suffer the said Officer or Officers so to do, or shall refuse to ailift the said Officers in weighing the said Cocoa Nuts Stock in Hand, or shall oppose, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers for the said Inland Duties in the due Execution of the Powers hereby given, he, she, or they, shall respectively forfeit twenty Pounds for every such Offence: And if any Dealer in, or Seller of, Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, or Chocolate, or any other Person, having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Cocoa Nuts chargeable by this Act with the said Duties, as Stock in Hand, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to be removed or carried away the same, or any Part thereof, before the Duties shall have been charged thereon, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide, or cause or suffer to be concealed or hid, or shall not produce to the Inspection of the Officer for the said Duties all such Cocoa Nuts; thjt then, and in every such Case, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also the Cocoa Nuts so clandestinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer for the said Inland Duties; and the Person or Persons in whnfe Custody such Cocoa Nuts shall be found, who shall not before the Discovery thereof give Notice at the next Office of Excise of the Quantity of Cocoa Nuts so in his, her, or their Custody, Hull alf^ forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Cocoa Nuts.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things', which in and by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Pafle imported, and for granting certain In and Duties in lien thereof; and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Pafle; and for better (jeertaming the Duties pea; die upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell Earl of Carnwath); or in any other Act or

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primq Georgii III. c. 55. 85

executing (hit Act.

Acts of Parliament now in Force, relating to his Majesty's Duties upon Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts, ^uts»*c. ftail are provided, settled, or established, for managing, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, bcmforcc ,a mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties and Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, m and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, ascertaining, adjudging, mitigating, enforcing, and securing the said Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts hereby imposed, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and e/Feftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were specially repeated, and again enacted, in the liuuy of this present Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies by and in respect of the Duties hereby granted and imposed on Cocoa Nuts (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westmwjler, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to the same Uses and Purpffies, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the Monies arising by the Duties on Chocolate hereby repealed were by the said Act, made in the tenth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, appropriated unto, and directed to be issued and applied.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rules, Regulations,

Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by any Act or Acts of Parliament prescribed or enjoined for the packing, papering, tying, (lamping, and marking, and for vending of Chocolate made in Great Britain,

shall continue to be observed and put in Practice as to all Chocolate hereafter to be made in Great Britain, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if each and every the said Rules, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were here again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

X. And, to the Intent that the inland Duty by this Act granted upon Cocoa Nuts may not be too burthensome upon the Importers thereof,’ it is hereby further provided and enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, all such Cocoa Nuts as shall be imported into this Kingdom, upon the Entry thereof at the Custom-house, and paying or securing the Custom Duties imposed thereon, shall be forthwith put into Warehouses provided for that Purpose, as directed by the said before-recited Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First; and the Importer or Proprietor thereof shall have Power to garble and separate, in such Warehouse or Warehouses, such Cocoa Nuts, as hath been usual to make it merchantable; and no Part of the Cocoa Nuts brought into such Warehouse or Warehouses shall be taken or carried out of such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively upon any Account whatever, but upon Payment of the Inland Duties by this Act imposed on the said Cocoa Nuts in Manner following; that is to say, The Importer or Proprietor, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by him or them, shall, for such Cocoa Nuts as shall be lodged in such Warehouse or Warehouses within the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, make Entry with the Receiver or Collector of the said Inland Duties, within the said Limits, of the Quantity of Cocoa Nuts he or she intends to take out of such Warehouse, and pay down in ready Monty to such Receiver or Collector the Inland Duty on Cocoa Nuts by this Act granted; and in all other Places of Great Britain such Entries shall be m:de at the Office of Excise next to the Warehouse or Warehouses where such Cocoa Nuts dial I be so lodged as aforesaid, and the Person taking out the same shall pay down* the said Inland Duty to the Collector appointed to receive the same; and upon producing a Warrant or Warrants, Certificate or Certificates, signed by such respective Receiver or Collector (certifying that he

How the Duller shall b’c app-.eJ.

Former Ruhs relating to packing ft'TlJMOg, &c. uf Chocolate, to remain in Force,

Cocoa Nut*, af-# ter Entry at the Custom-house, to be put into Warehouses, See,

and not tdkcii thereout until the Inland Duties are paid.

Warehouse-keeper, on re-

has received the said Inland Duties), to the respective Warehouse-keeper or Warehouse-keepers, such ",v,n| pp-r Warehouse-keeper or Warehouse-keepers shall thereupon, at the Expence of the Person applying for the cmnc'U lbM* fame, weigh the said Cocoa Nuts so required to be delivered out, and, afrer taking an Account of the Quantity so weighed, shall deliver out of such Warehouse or Warehouses all the Cocoa Nuts mentioned or expressed in such Warrant or Wan ants, Certificate or Certificates respectively, to have paid the said Inland Duties; and the respective Warehouse-keeper and Warehouse-keepers are thereupon to give to the Person so taking out the same a Permit or Certificate to accompany such Cocoa Nuts so delivered out (which Permit or Certificate shall be also signed by the Officer attending the said Warehouse), to prevent the seizing thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Garble of all such Cocoa Nuts, when garbled and secured in such Warehouse, in Manner as aforesaid, shall and may, from Time to Time, by the Order and Direction of the respective Commissioners of Excise, be removed out of the said Warehouse, determined by the Officers attending the same, and such Garble shall be forthwith burnt, or otherwise destroyed, by the Order of the said respective Commissioners.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall have sftually paid his Majesty's Duties, by this Act payable upon Cncoa Nuts, and to and for any other Person who £1) nil buy, or be lawfully, in titled to, any such Cocoa Nuts from the Person who actually paid the Duties for the said Cocoa Nuts, to export such Cocoa Nuts, or the Chocolate made of such Cocoa Nuts, to any Parts beyond the Seas by way of Merchandize j giving a sufficient Security before the shipping thereof, that the particular Quantity of Cocoa Nuts, or of the Chocolate so intended to be exported, and every P*rt theteof, shall be shipped and exported, and not be relanded or brought again into any Part of Great Britain; which Security the Officer of Excise, at the Port of Exportation, shall take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Use $ any Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, That if, after the shipping of any such Cocoa Nuts, or of such Chocolate, and the tendering or giving such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the Drawback herein-asur men-

t(i by the Collector, to wrigh* anft deliver link Cocoa Nut? as are required, and to give a Permit with the fume.

The Garble to -, be burnt.

Cotoa Nut*, fnf

which live Duties have been raid, may he ex>i>rte.l, Uc. giving Stcjr.ty thit the Ui.e fhjil not be re-ianaed.

tioned

Penalty on re-landing such Coctfa Nui#, ecu

C.

86

Persons exporting such Cocoa Nurs, &c. to make Oa<h that the Duties have been pad.

Four Fifths of the Inland Duty to be paid to the Ixpoi rcr.

Exporter of Cocoa Nuts, &c. to give Notice to the Officer two Days before the same are put on Shipboard.

Stamp to be taken off from all Chocolate exported*

Secontiek given for Exportation of Cocoa Nut|, itc. to be discharged, on pro. ducing a proper Certificate, dec.

Damaged Coffee, nr damaged Cocoa Nuts, voder certain Prices, not to be sold for Nome Coo-fomption; but secured in Ware-fcoofea.

Not to be takeo thereout, until sufficient Security bt given for the Exportation thereof.

Allowance to Officer oat of the Prodocc of

C. 55. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

tioned, the same, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded, that then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be recovered and levied to his Majesty's CJfe, all the said Cocoa Nuts, and all the said Chocolate, which shall be so landed, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XIV. And it is hereby further en^ted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person who shall so export any such Cocoa Nuts, or any such Chocolate as aforesaid, shall or may make Proof upon Oath, or by Affirmation (in case the Person exporting the lame be a known Quaker), respectively, that the Inland Duties upon the said Cocoa Nuts have been paid, and that the Duty upon the Cocoa Nuts whereof the said Chocolate was made had been paid (which Oath or Affirmation the Collector of Excise, or other Person who receives the said Duties, is hereby impowered and required to administer); and thereupon the Officer ol Excise at the Port ol Exportation shall give to the Exporter thereof a Certificate under his Hand, expressing the uue Quantity and Kind of the Commodity lo exported, and that the same was shipped in his Pretence, and that sufficient Security has been given; which Certificate being produced to the Collector of Excise, or Person appointed to receive the inland Duty upon Cocoa Nuts in the County or Place where the same was exported, he shall forthwith pay to the Person so exporting, or his Agent, four Fifths of the Inland Duty which had been paid for the said Cocoa Nuts so exported, or for the Cocoa Nuts whereof the said Chocolate so exported was made; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the same, then the respective Commissioners of Excise are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the Sums mentioned in such Certificate out of the Monies arising from the Duties by this Act imposed upon Cocoa Nuts.

XV. And, the more effectually to prevent Frauds which may be committed in the Exportation of Cocoa Nuts and of Chocolate,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person shall be desirous of shipping any Quantity of Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, for which a Drawback is to be allowed, such Person or Persons (before the said Goods shall be shipped) shall be obliged to give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of the Division or Place where the Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate are intended to be shipped, two Days next before the same shall be put on Shipboard; in which Notice shall be expressed the Quantity of Cocoa Nuts and of Chocolate respectively so intended to be shipped, and the Time when the said Goods will be packed up in order to be exported; which Add Chocolate shall, at the Time expressed in such Notice, be brought inclosed, and tied up and stamped in Manner and Form as Chocolate made in Great Britain is directed to be inclosed, tied up, and damped *, and the Commissioners of Excise are hereby impowered and directed to cause such Officer to take Care to see that the Stamp be taken off from every Parcel and Piece of the said Chocolate so intended to be exported, and the said Officer shall take an Account of the Quantity of Cocoa Nurs or Chocolate so intended to be exported, and shall make a Return to the proper Officer to be appointed for that Purpose.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Securities by this Act directed to be given for the due Exportation of Cocoa Nuts, and of Chocolate made in Great Britain as aforesaid, shall be discharged, without Fee or Reward, upon Certificate returned or produced to the Commissioners of Excise, under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in any Place or Places beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants then being at such Place or Places, that such Cocoa Nuts, or that such Chocolate, was there landed \ or upon Proof, by credible Witnesses, that such Cocoa Nuts, or such Chocolate, were taken by Enemies, or periled in the Seas; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being.

XVII. And whereas damaged Coffee, and damaged Cocoa Nuts, have frequently been imported into

this Kingdom, and have been fold for Salvage, or on other Accounts, and the same have been afterwards taken into the Stocks of Persons dealing in Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, by which Means great Frauds

have been carried on, and Smuggling encouraged, to the great Loss of the Revenue, and to the great

Injury of the fair Trader ;* for preventing of which Mischiefs, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of Juty, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, no damaged Coffee whatever, which cannot be sold at a public Sale for one Shilling and Sixpence the Pound Weight Avoirdupois, nor any damaged Cocoa Nuts whatever, which cannot be sold at a public Sale for one Shilling the Pound Weight Avoirdupois, shall, on any Account whitever, be sold to bcconfumed within this Kingdom j but all such damaged Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, under their respective Value aforesaid, shall, ss soon as landed in this Kingdom, be secured, by the proper Officer of Excise, in some Ware* house or Warehouses to be provided for that Purpose, at the Charge of the respective Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such damaged Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, and to be approved of by the respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for the Time being; and shall there remain until the same shall be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses unto the Proprietor or Im-

orter, or other Persons, as such Proprietors or Importers shall appoint in that Behalf; upon sufficient ccurity to be first given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (which Security the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as they shall, from Time to Time, appoint for that Purpose, are hereby required and impowered to take), that the same, and every Part thereof, shall be exported, and not relanded in Great Britain; which Security shall be discharged, without Fee or Reward, upon Certificate returned or produced to the Commissioners of Excise, or such Person as aforesaid, under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in any Place or Places beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants, then being in such Place or Places, that such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts were there landed; or upon Proof, by credible Persons, that the same were taken by Enemies, or periffied in the Seas; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being*

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of Juty, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, where any Officer of Excise shall have seized, as forfeited for unlawful Importation, any Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa Nuts, or Cocoa Pafle, the respective

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55.

After July 2$, 1781, no Tea, abovi fix Pound*

After July 15, 1781, no Te* above 40 Pounds Weight (not being in the Chtft in which it was imported), directed to any one Person, &c. shall be removed from one Town to aa-other.

Commissioners of Excise shall allow to such Officer one third Part of the full Sum that shall arise from the ed for unlawful Sale of such Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, or Cocoa Nuts, after Condemnation thereof respectively, free of all Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Coffee, Cho- How the Officer colate, Cocoa Paste, and Cocoa Nuts, so seized, after Condemnation thereof, be sold at a public Sale for the Sum of one Shilling per Pound Weight, such Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, and Cocoa Nuts, respect *c> fe«ed lively, shall not in any wise be fold, but the same, and every Part thereof, shall be burnt or otherwise de- by him fall stroyed, by the Order of the respective Commissioners of Excise; and, in such Case, the Officer making provcuafakibic. the Seizure shall be rewarded in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, such Reward not exceeding Sixpence for each Pound Weight of such Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, and Cocoa Nuts, ic-spectively, so burnt or destroyed.

XX. And whereas Tea Dealers, and other Persons, do frequently, under Colour and Sanction of the

Permits granted to them for the Removal of T ea from one Part of this Kingdom to another, find Means 1 to convey smuggled Tea into their Stocks, near to the Coasts of this Kingdom, and afterwards to con-‘ vcy and remove such smuggled Tea to Places within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or to

other Parts of this Kingdom, there to be sold and disposed of, to the encouraging of Smuggling, the great Diminution of the public Revenue^ and to the Injury of the fair Trader;1 for Remedy whereof. Weight~(estcrpr’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of July% one thousand *c.) fall be seven hundred and eighty-one, no Tea (exceeding the Quantity of six Pounds Weight) shall at any Time 5i°gh/,w°

(save as herein after is mentioned) be removed or carried from any Part of this Kingdom, not being within of Mof-

the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to any Place 7# within the said Limits; and if any Tea shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, Penalty,

whether within or without Permit (save as herein after is mentioned), the same, together with the Canii-

ters, Bags, and other Package whatsoever, containing the same, and the Vessels and Boats, and the Horses, and other Cattle, and Carriages, employed in removing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by the Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, noTea exceeding the Quantity of forty Pounds Weight (not being in the original Chest in which the same Tea was imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies^ and then continuing in the same State in which it was so imported), at any one Time, directed to one and the same Person or Persons, where there are two or more in joint Trade or Partnership, shall be removed or carried from any City,

Town, Parish, or Place, in this Kingdom, not being within the Limits aforesaid, to any other Place out of the Limits aforesaid, not within the said City, Town, Parish, or Place, from which the same shall be so removed or carried $ and if any Tea, exceeding the said Quantity of forty Pounds Weight, at any one Time, directed to one and the same Person or Persons, where there are two or more in joint Trade or Partnership (and not being in the original Chests as aforesaid), shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without Permit, the same, together with the Camfters, Bags, and Penalty# other Package, containing the same, and the Vessels and Boats, and the Horses and other Cattle and Carriages employed in removing or carrying the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise. Several Pack.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A contained shall be construed to agwof^Poondt prevent any Dealer in any such City, Town, Parish, or Place, as aforesaid, from taking out two or more *«chmay befent Permits, and by virtue thereof fending two or more Packages of forty Pounds each to the same Person in unde'/*

the same Day, so as the said Packages shall not contain more than forty Pounds each, and shall be sent different Pert under different Permits, and by different Conveyances. mitt, &c.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth After July 25, Day of Jufy9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, all Tea seized and arrested by any Officer of 1781, all Tea the Customs, or for the Inland Duties upon Tea, for any Cause of Forfeiture, in any Part of England, Eng. Dominion of Wales^ or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, before the same Tea, or any Part thereof,

be fold, be font to and deposited in some Warehouse or Warehouses, to be appointed for that Purpose by London a d*. the respective Commissioners of Excise and Customs in England, within the City of London, in order to porued in Ware* be there publicly fold; and that all Tea seized and arrested by the respective Officers of the Customs or houses;

Excise, for any Cause of Forfeiture, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, before the same, or any Part thereof, be fold, be sent to and deposited in some Warehouse or Warehouses, to be *"<i«MTea appointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Scotland, within 1 I?*

the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, to be there publicly fold; all which said Teas shall be sent to the said fc,t to^din-Warehouses, in the said Cities of London and Edinburgh respectively, with proper Permits signed by the burgh* and so respective Officers of Excise, or Supervisors of the Place or District from whence the said Tea is to be deposited, Ac# removed, to accompany such Tea from the Parts or Places where the same shall have been secured, after the same shall have been seized and arrested as aforesaid, to such Warehouse or Warehouses, so to be appointed as aforesaid; in which Permits shall be expressed that the Tea so sent is Tea seized as forfeited, or Tea condemned as forfeited, as the Case shall happen to be; any Thing in this, or in any other Act of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the How DeaJerrart said twenty-fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, if any Dealer in Tea* who to proceed who shall have received into his Stock any Tea removed according to the Directions of this Act, and accom- AaI1 fce Caafe panied with an authentic Permit or Certificate, shall fee Cause to return the same, or any Part thereof, to TeTrecSve^by the Person from whom he received the same, then and in every such Case fiK:h Tea Dealer may, within thrm agreeable twenty-four Hours after he or she shall have received the same Teainto his or her Stock, give Twelve t^thU

88

OPicrr to grant k I’c rn.it*

Pcmlty on returning Tea wi'hi ut a proper Pamir, &c.

Officers to demand a S mp!e our of each Parcel of Tea interred ro be removed, paying for the lame.

Penalty on refilling Officer such Saji>ple;&«c.

No Tea, above six Pounds Wciehr, to be removed from one Town to another in the W.ght, f

en Periliy nf b vrfeiture,

[Preamble.]

Officers, in their Permits for removing excite* able Goods, are \c txprrk the

C. 55. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Hours Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Dealer fh.dl then be, of his Intention to return the said l ea, or any Fart thereof, and shall in such Notice rxpieis the true Cauie aou Occasion for returning the same, and such Officer is hereby required to attend accordingly; and lb lbon as the hud Officer shall have examined the said Tea intended to be so returned, and shall have taken an Account of the Quality and of the Quantity thereof, such Dealer in Tea Hull forthwith, and in the Presence of such Officer, repack the same Tea, and Hull immediately, or within Half an Hour after the coming of the said Officer, and in the Presence of the said Officer, write on the Outside of me Package, in which the returned Tea shall then be, in large legible Characters, as well his own Chiilti m and Surname, as also the Christian and Surnames of the Person or Persons, or the Name or Firm of the Company from whose Stock the lame lea was received, and likewise the Words Returned 7b7; and the said Officer is hereby required and directed to underwrite.on the Package his own Chrish »n and Surname, and to nurk the said Package with some Mark or Number, and Hull then, and not before, gram a Permit or Certificate to accompany the said Tea so to be returned; in which Permit or Certificate shall be cxprdlid the Quantity and Quality of the Tea so returned, the Cauie ami Occasion of returning the same, the Mark or Number put on the Package, the Chrhfian and Surname both of the Person from whose Slock removed, and of the Person to whom the same is to be returned, and also the Time for which such Permit shall oe in Force: And if any Inch Tea be found returned, or in Parc returned, or returning, without such Permit or Certificate as aforesaid accompanying the fame; or if Inch Tea be found returned, or in Part returned, or returning to any other Person or Periods thin the Person or Persons from whom the said Tea fud been first received; or if the Tea returned, or in Part returned, or returning wuth Inch Permit or Certificate as aforesaid, be not the identical I ea which had been received as a fore (hid, without any Addition to, or Alteration of the same; then, and in each and every such Case, the said Tea, with the Package containing the lame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Kxciie; and the Person or Persons returning the same, contrary 10 the true Intent and Meaning of this Proviso, shad forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXV. And whereas Tea of small Value, and of inferior Quality, is frequenTy sent from the Stocks of Tea Dealers to other Dealers in Tea with Permits or Certificates to protect the same, and great Frauds are praettfed by evil-minded Persons, who change the Tea whiiit the same is removing from one Place to another, and who substitutes smuggUd Tea of far superior Quality and Value in the Place thereof: Now, in order to enable the Officers for the Inland Duties upon 1 ca to detect such Frauds,’ be it enacted by the Authority atorefnd, Thar, when any Dealer in I\*a shall have taken our any Permit or Permits for removing Tea from his own Stock to the Stork of any other like Dealer, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers for the said Inland Duties, to demand a Sample (not exceeding two Ounces, or let's than one Ounce, to be sealed by the Trader, if he shall think fit, in the Presence of the Officer) out of each Pared of the Tea so intended to be removed, paying for such Sample according to the Price that such Tea.Hull then commonly bear and be sold for: And tr any such Dealer, so denting away lea as aforesaid, shall by himself, or by his Servant, rtfufe to fuller or permit such Officer or Officers to t.ike away any such Sample of such Tea upon his or their offering to pay for the f>me the Price that such Tea shall then commonly bear and be sold for; or if any fuel) Dealer in Tea shall by himself, or by his Servant, deliver a Sample of Tea, not being the very Tea so to be lent away with the said Permit or Certificate as aforesaid; every such Dealer shall, for every such OfTnce, forfeit and loie the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tea, exceeding six Pounds Weight, shall be found carrying or removing from any one Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, unless at such Times 3s herein after mentioned; that is to say, from the twenty-ninth Day-of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March yearly* between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and five in the Evening; and from the said twenty-fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day ct September yearly, between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Seven in the Evening (except the same is removing or carrying by a known common Stage Coach, Waggon, or other Stage Carriage, which usually travel out of those Hours), the said Tea, and the Package containing the same, whether the lame be accompanied with or without a Permit, and all Cattle and Carriages made Uie of in the removing or carry-ing the fime, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers for the Inland Duties upon Tea.

XXVII. And whereas great Frauds have been, and are daily practised by Persons dealing in exciseable Crmmcdities, who take out Permits from the Officers of excise for removing those Commodities from their respective Stocks, and, under Pretence of lending the same to dillant Parts, do obtain Permits to continue in Force longer than is necessary for the removing the said Goods, and instead of removing the same directly from their respective Stocks, do make Use of the same Permits for protecting smuggled Goods, whereby the Revenue is greatly Uffmed, and thefair Trader in those Commodities aggrieved: And whereas Doubts have aiilen, whether Officers of Excise, who give Permits to accompany excise- able Goods or Commodities removing from one Place of this Kingdom to another, by Land of by Water, have Authority to limit and exprtfs in such Permits the Tine within which the Goods and Commodities, in such Permits specified or mentioned, shall be removed from and out of the Stock of the Per fins taking out such Permits, and also the Times within which the said Goods and Commodities shall Vbe delivered and received into the Stocks of the Person or Persons re'peffiively to whom the same are so permitted to be fentNow, to put an End to ail Doubts, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the true Intent and Meaning of the several Acts of Parliament, which dried the giving of such Permits, that the Officers of Excise who give the lame Ibouid, and they are bound to express and limit, in.every such Permit, as well the Time for which such Permits shall be in Force, for removing and fending away, such Goods or Commodities from and out of the Stocks of the Persons taking 7

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. 89

cut such Permits, as also the Time within which the same Goods or Commodities shall be delivered, and actually received into the Stocks of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so permitted to be lent: And, if any Goods or Commodities, liable to Excise or Inland Duties, and which, by 1 tie several Statures in such Case made, are required to be removed or lent away with Permit, are not actually removed and lent away from and out of every such Stock, within the Time limited and expressed in the respective Permits for removing and fending away the same, or, in Default of lo lending away and removing the said Goods or Commodities, the respective Permits shall not be returned to the Officer or Officers from whom the same Were had; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons, from and out of whose Stock the f?.id Goods or Commodities are thereby authoris'd to be removed, shall be subject to the like horreitures and Penalties as are directed in and by an Act, made and pallid in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Revenues; for preventing Frauds in the Salt Duties, and for giving Relief for Salt used in the curing of Saitr.cn and Cod Fish, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the Insurance Companies to plead the General Issue in Actions brought against them; and for fecui ing the Stamp-duties upon Prides of Insurance: And in ca e the said Goods or Commodities, respectively mentioned or specified in such Permits, shall be removed from and out of the respective Stocks of the Person or Persons taking out Lch Permits, within the Time expressed and limited therein, and the same shall nor, within the Time limited and expressed in such Permit, be actually delivered and received into the Stock of the Person or Persons to whom the same are mentioned in such Permit to be sent, then, and in every such CTe, all such Goods and Commodities lo removed and sent away as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be Gooes or Commodities removed or removing without Permit.

XXVIII. Provided always nevercheltfs, and it is hereby further enacted, That, in case the said exciseable Goods or Commodities ill 11, by any unavoidable Accident or Necessity, be delayed, and thereby be prevented from being delivered into the Sto^k or Stocks of the Persons to whom such Goods shall be sent within the Time limited and expriffed in stich Permit, that then, in every such Case, the Court or Jurisdiction, where any Information shall be brought for the Condemnation of any such Seizure, shall, upon Proof of such unavoidable Accident or Necessity, diredfc the Goods or Commodities so seized to be restored to the Owner or Claimer thereof; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary nolwith-standing.

XXIX. And whereas Persons dealing ?n or selling of Spirituous Liquors, British or foreign Sweets, 1 Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, or Cocoa Nuts, or some one of them, and who are respectively under the

Survey of the Officer of Excise or Inland Duties, do frequently bring Goods and Commodities, charge-

able with Excise or Inland Duties, into their respective Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places by them made use of for keeping the same, without having given Notice thereof to the proper Officer under whose Survey such Persons respectively then are, and without producing to such Officer, or leaving with him the authentic Permit or Certificate that accompanied the said Goods or Commodities, and, in order to prevent the Officers of Excise from seizing the same, do fraudulently mix or

mingle the said Goods or Commodities in and with other Goods and Commodities then in Mock in such Warthouse, Sffi-p, Cellar, Vault, or other Place be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall discover and find any Increase in the Sto^ k or Stocks of any Dealer in or Seller of any of the said Commodities, over and above the Quantity of each re/pe&;ve Sort or Denomination which the Officer found in Inch Dealer's or Seller's Cutttnly ar the Time of the last preceding Survey upon such Dealer or Seller, such Increase, whether mixed or mingled, or unmixtd or unmingled, shall be dremed and taken to be made by a Commodity for which no Duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by such Dealer or Seller without Permit or Certificate; and lo much of the said respective Stock or Stocks as shall be found increased shall be forfeited and lull, and a Qumtuy equal to the increased Quantity shall and may be seized and taken, by the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall discover the Umc, from and out. of any Part of the said Stock or Stocks then in the Possession of the Personn or Persons where the same shall be found; ?nd the Person or Persons in whole Stock such In-create shall be discovered and Sound, shall also lose and forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority afore laid, That if any such In-creak- so discovered as aforef.ffii, Dull be found in the Stock or Stocks of any Dealer or Seller of British made Spintuous Liquors, the same shall not be forfeited, if the Owner thereof shall make it appear that such Increase was made by mixing Water with and among 11 some of his laid Stock of B? it fh made Spirituous Liquors, in the Preffnce of the Officer of Exc:fe of the Division or Place where such increase (hffi he found; any Thing in this Ati before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And whereas by an Attt, passed in the Second Year of his present XL jetty's Reign, intituled,

Tine thr*y fr 11 be in 1'oice, &c,

Penairv un net removing lu« h Goods agte«a!>)e to the Permit*, &c.

Act xi Geo. I,

In case of unavoidable Delay

in delivering such Goods, tho fame not to be forfeited.

If any Oflkef

/hall find ariy Irl<i C’Case in the Sto<!t of any Dealer in Spi-rhinos Liquors* C free, Tea, &c. fuwe his lall Suivry,

such Increase

frail be touched* and aho 20 1.

British Spirits, in a certain Cafr, not liab’e to such Fcr-feitu.-e.

Rrcbal of % Geo. III. Cap. 5.

4*Spirits for Exportation, from fraudulently removing Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, the Office/s of Excise should from Time to Time make a Charge from the apparent Decrease of the \YTfh of any such

Distiller or Datallers, except such Deer case did really ami truly anse from Accident: And whereas the Officers of Excise are prevented from making true Charges upon Decreases in the Wadi of such Dittil- Iers, for Want of some certain Rule for ascertaining the true Proportion of Spirits that ought to be produced from a certain Quantity of Wash: Now, for the better enabling such Officers to make true Charges on the apparent Decreases of Wash discovered at the Stillhouse or Stillhouses of every Distiller or Distillers making Spirits for Exportation/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

Vol.XIV. Parti,

N

That, from and

90

Pi !iPerJ of Spirits t >r Exporia-t»on to proituce to the Officer a Quantity of Sp rits ift Pro-prrrion to the Waifi found in iheir t ustody;

or they shall be chased f ir all the Wifn n.iflT- H'

Six Gallons per Ten to br allowed for Waste in rectifying or compounding Spirits for Exportation*

All Decrease in the Quantity above that Proportion to be charged with double Duty.

After July 20, 1781, no Spirits made for Exportation shall be delivered out of the Warehouses for Home Consumption.

After A up, 1, I7gi, ev:ryl*crson who shall di.lil Low Winrs or Spirit?, shall be deemed a common D f tiller, and shall enter hh Stills, itc. and pay Duty as such.

All Persons, after Aug. I, 1781, hsiing ny Wash fit for ihililiing of Low

C. 55. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

after the twentieth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, every Distiller and Distillers who, at any Time between the fit ft Day of Othber and the first Day of June, in each Year, ih ill m »ke or distil Spirits for Exportation, shall, for evorv fix Gallons of Wash, within the Time aforesaid found in his Custody, produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise at Daft one Gallon of Spirits; and that every Distiller and Distillers who, at any Time between the hr ft Day of June and the full Day of 0-Zither, in each Year, shall make or distil Spirits for Exportation, shall, for every seven Gallons of Wash, within the Time uft afordai I found in his Custody, produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise at least one Gallon of Spirits; such Spirits to be in each Caie of the Strength of one to fix under Hydrometer Proof: And tint in every Case where the Produce of the Spirirs, extracted by any Inch Distiller or Distillers wi'.hm cho'e resprelive Times lhiii fall short of the Proportions before mentioned, every such Distiller and D.(fillers shall be, and he and they is and are hereby chargeable with, and shall pay Duty for every Gdh>n of such Walls \'h:oh, within the respective Times aforesaid, shall be milling, over and above the said fix (jailors and seven Gallons itspectively, at the fime Rare as the Dufy is ch^eable and payable upm the Decrease of W*fh discovered at the Stui-houses of Dilhilers who distil Low Wines and bpitits for Home Confunr.ption; and the Officers of Pfx< ife are hereby required, in such cases, to make the presump'ive Charges, as well for the Low Wines a* also for the Spirits, upjn every Gallon of Wa!h respectively so missing as aforesaid, in like Manner as Dutifiets working for Home Con-fiimption are now charged upon De creates of Walh; which said Duties on the said Low Wines ami Spirits, so to b: charged as aforesaid, shall be paid by every fuc h Distiller or Dftliiier.% at the respective Times, and in the same Manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Duties charged on D ftillers who distil for Home Consumption are now made p yable; any Thing in the said before-recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and c»g)ity-one, when any Distiller or Dili Hers of Spirits for Exportation shall take out any Quantity of Spirits from the Warehouse or Warehouses wherein the same were locked up, in order to have those Spirits rtciined or compounded, before the same are exported, as by (he laid before-recited Act is permitted, such Distiller or DiiEllers shall, in Consideration of Waste, be allowed fix Gallons in ever\ Ton or such Spirits so to be rectified or compounded, and so after that^ Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; which Allowance of iix Gallons in every Ton of Spirits lo rectified or compounded, is in full Compensation for all Waste, Lofi, or Damage whatsoever (except in Cases of unavoidable Accidents, w-iich shall be proved to th* Satisfaction of the Commission.ers of Excise); and if any Decrease shall at any Time appear in the Quantity of Spirits so taken out by any such Distiller or D/ftillers to be rectified or compounded, except inch as can or may be accounted for by the Allowance aforesaid, every such Distiller and Distillers shall be charged, and the Officers of Excise are hereby required to charge him, her, or them, for all the Spirits so found to be decreased, 3nd not properly accounted for, wi;h double the Duties such Spirits would have been charged with if the same had been made for Home ConsumptiolS; which said Charge of double Duty, so to b? made as aforesaid, shall be made up by the proper Officer at the End of every three Months, and the Duty so charged shall be paid by every such Distiller and Distillers, within three Weeks after the Expiration of such three Months respectively; which said double Duty shall be sued for, recovered, and levied, in such Manner as the Duties upon liver. Ale, and other Liquors, are by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charier the Second (intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of I Cards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon his ALi]ejly in lieu thereof), or by any other Law now in Force, relating to the Revenue of Excise on Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are directed to be recovered and levied.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, Spirits made for Exportation shall not, in any Case whatever, be delivered out of the Warehouse or Warehouses wherein the same shall have been lodged and ficured, to be used for Home Consumption 5 any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And whereas, notwithstanding the many Laws that have from Time to Time been made for securing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, and for preventing the private Dilliilation thereof, evil- minded Persons do privately distil large Quantities of Low Wines and Spi its, and do fccietly dispose of the same to Rectifiers, and to other Persons to the great Injury of the Revenue, and of the fair Trader: Now, for the more effectually putting a Stop to such fraudulent Practices,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, every Person who shall make or distil any Low Wines or Spirirs, whether for Sale or not for Sale, shall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared to be a common Distiller for Sale, and is hereby required to enter his, her, and their Still and Stills and all other Vessels and Utensils by him, her, or them, made use of for the making or keeping of Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, at the Office of Excise next to 1 be Place where any such Persons shall then inhabit; and shall be liable to be charged with, and shall pay, for all Low' Wines and Spirits by them made, the ftvcral Rates and Duties of Excise charged by the several Acts for laying Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits, and shall be fiffiject to the Survey of the Officers of Excjie, and to the several Penalties, F ines, and F ortcitures, imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force in any wise relating to Distillers.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, every Person making or keeping any Wash prepared or fit for distilling of Low Wines and Spirits, and having in his, her, or their Custody, any Still or Stills, shall be deemed and taken to be, and is hereby declared to be, a common Distiller for Sale, and

91

Wine*, &e, or

any Still, in their CustntJy, shall be deemrd Common DiflilJcri* No Person, after Aug. x, 1781,to use any Vessel cr Plac* for n.ak.« ii g fur

bow Wine?, 8cc, without giving Notice at the Penalty of 501*

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55.

liable to the several Duties of Excise upon Low Wines and Spirits, and to the several Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force in anywise relating to Distillers.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person. after the said first Day of Augiff one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, {h ill make Use of any Veil'd, Wash-batch, or other Utensil, nor any Room or Puce for the making, brewing, or keeping of Wash made from Mdafles,

Sugar, Corn, or Gram respectively, or trom any of the said Materials mixed together, from any of them mixed with an)’ other Materia] or Ingredient whitf >ever, for the Distillatiun of Low Wines and Spirits, without first giving Notice thereof at the next Office within the Limits of which he or they do inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit for every VdTe.’, Waffi-batch, or other Utensil, Room, or Place, Co made Use of without Notice as aforesaid, che Sum of Fifty Pounds.

nest Office, on

XXXVII. And whereas the Penalties already provided against the receiving or buying of British made Spirituous Liquors from the Persons who privately dillil those Liquors, have, by Experience, been found ineffectual, and not sufficient to restrain or prevent such fraudulent Practices, in regard that the Du- ties defrauded often do amount to more than the Penalty that can be incurred, whereby evil-minded Persons have been rather encouraged thin dereried from such Practices, to the great Diminution of the Revenue upon British made Spirituous Liquors, and :o che great*Discouragement and Loss of the fair anT Oilfiller,

Trader:9 For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after or Dealer inSpi-the said first Day of An guff, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, if any Person who shall either 'or Te-

make, distil, rectify, or compound, any British ma le Spirituous Liquors for Sale, or who shall fell ordeal ceiveany British in any Sort of Spirituous Liquors, shall receive or buy, or procure or employ any Person to receive or buy S?irit«from any for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Uie, any British made Spirituous Liquors (except at the not har-

£ublic Sales of such British made Spirituous Liquors as have been condemned, and are fold under the breftion of the Commissione > of Excisej, of any Person or Persons ocher than a Maker, Distiller, Rec- fier ^.’painted, tifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors for Sale, over the outwa'd Door of whose Stillhouse, Store- agreeable to 19* house, Warehouse, Shop. Cellar, Vault, or other Place, by him, her, or them respectively made Use of Geo. III. Cap. for the making or keeping of British made Sphituous Liquors, shall be painted the Words, Disiiller, Rec~ 5°« tifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors 'as the Case {hdl be), as by an Act, made in the nineteenth lC

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds by demn^dSpirit?) private Disiillen, and for the better ft curing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits), is directed and pre- he Dull forfeit feribed; every such Person io oft'mding lhad forfeit and lole, for every such Offence, the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That such Offender, who shall be prosecuted for the said Penalty of five bundled Pounds by this A of given, shall not be again prosecuted for the lame Offence by any former Act; and that such Offender, who shall be pro ecu ted for the Penalty given by any former Act, shall not be prosecuted again ror the same Off nee by virtue of this present Act, or any Thing herein contained.

XXXIX. And for the more effectual Discovery of such Offenders, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Person or Persons who shall have delivered or sold any British made Spirituous Liouorstoany such Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder of British made Spirituous Liquors, or to any such Dealer in Spirituous Liquors, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said before-recited Act info*matin*half of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, shall, before any Information has been lodged against him, been lodged a-her, or them*, for such Offence, discover and in'orm against the Person or Persons who received or bought, gainst him, in-or who procured or employed any other to receive or buy for him, her, or them, such British made Spi- form against the rituous Liaur.rs as aforesaid, every such Person, so discovering and informing, shall thereupon be discharged and indemnified from all Penalties to which, at the Time of such Information given, he might be ^mnified* m~ liable, for or by reason of such his own Offence.

XL. And whereas, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting to Recralofao his Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spir its made for Home Consumption, and Geo. III. Cap.

upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties \ and for grant- 35*

ing a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending. or Jelling of, Cjfee, Pea, or Chocolate),

certain Allowances were Jirested to be made and pa d to common BrtwersanJ Makers of Beer and Ale for Sale, in Manner as in and by the fai I Act is particularly mentioned and p.efcnbed: And whereas the Payment of those Allowances, at the Times and in the Manner therein directed, have been found very inconvenient and bunhenfome, and the Persons intitled to such Allowances are thereby greatly delayed in receiving the fame;' for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and Pan of th* fild afrer the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, the several Rules and Questions,’ Act repealed* in the said Act prescribed for Payment of the said Allowances, shall cease, and be no longer observed; any Thing in the said Act notwithstanding-XL 1, And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the several respective Allowances upon each Barrel or Beer or Ale brewed by the common Brewer or Maker of Beer or Ale for Sale in Great Britain, by the said Act given and made, shall, from Time to Time, be fer off or allowed out of the Monies payable by every such common Brewer or Maker for the Duties charged on the Beer or Ale by them respectively brewed; Proof being first made determined by Oath, or by Affirmation, if the Party be a known Quaker, wade, that the Beer or Ale, for which any such Allowance shall be claimed, was brewed since the thirtieth*Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty (which Oath or Affirmation the Collector, or other Person appointed to receive the said Duties, is hereby required and impowered to administer), and such Allowances shall be made ac the Time when such Duties are by him or them respectively paid $ which said

N 2 Allowance, nOdlp

vDUUyiL

5001, Proviso*

If the Seller of any such Spirit* uous Liquors

When the Allowance on each Barrel of Bert or Ale brewed by the corr.mon Btewer (hill be

92

The Money so

allowed to the con-iron Drevver how to be ie-p!aced.

This Act not to

abridge the Power? of the Excite Officers,

Ail the Power*, &c. pranlH by lnmicr -A<ltff te-lating to the Revenue ot txcile upon Ever, and other L poors, shall be applied in executing this Act.

Penalty on sf* faulting Othcen in executing this Act.

Pmalttes and Forfeitures hotr to be recovered and applied.

Juc?gm?nte of

Commiihoni-rs

of EvifcjOr Justices of Peace, in ( onderrnation of extifeable Co' d«, shall be a* hn.il a? ar.y such Jutg'r.ent in the Exchequer. Judgments of Commi flippers, Arc. liable lo Appeal in certain cases, I.imi'ation of Actions.

Perform feed in executing this or any othrr Act to Ex-el fe Dufier, m:y j/Je.d the (>n«r-i.il JfTne, and rc-tuvcrUcbkCXfls.

C. 55.’

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Allowance, so to be made and set off as aforesaid, the respective Commissioners of Excise are hereby authorised to make and allow accordingly.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Sum or Sums of Money shall be so allowed or set off as aforesaid to any such Brewer, or Maker of Beer or Ale for Sale, shall be replaced to the Duties on Beer or Ale out of the first Monies that shall arise and be received from and upon Account of the additional Duties on Malt by the said Act imposed, in Preference to all other Payments whatever.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be constiutd to extend, to take away or leilen any of the Powers or Authorities heretofore given to the Officers of Excise, and for the Inland Duties, by any Law or Laws now in Force relating to the said Duties.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers and

Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of ll'ards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyances and for settling a Revenue upon Lis A laic fly in lieu thereof), or by any other Law now m force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or ether Liquors, are provided, settled, or cttablished, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are prescribed by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, tiled, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, colliding, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several Duiics hereby grained, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as it all and every the f lid Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitutes, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this pi dent Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, mokft, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers by this Act, every Pci Ton or Persons so doing shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty rounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, anil Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods, av any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any I.aw or Laws of Excise, or by Aftffin of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majestyk Courts of Record at J! cjl~ tninster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such fine. Penalty, or Forfeitme, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall ddcover, infi rm, or sue for the same.

XLVII. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Judgments of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, for the Con !cm-nation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects, seized as forfeited under this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, as final and conftuiive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any Judgment for the Condemnation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects given in his M Jetty's Court of Lxcht quer.

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That such Judgments of the Commissioners of ixcise, and Justices of the Peace refjxftii t !y, shall be ffihp ft and liable to Appeal in all Cases in which any Appeal is by any Act or Act s of Parliament given or allowed; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Aral], at any Time or Times, be iued or prosecuted for any Act or Thing by him or them done or executed by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, or Inland Duties, such Action or ProCcution shall be commenced within the bpace of three Months next after the Act or Thing done, and which shall be sued in the proper County; and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General lifue, and give this Act and the special Matt- r in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Suit, shall discontinu? his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them on Demurrer or other wise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XLV. And whereas by an Act made in this orftent Sefiffin of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additvrwl Duty upon the Prod.,re of the several Duties under the Management f the resprch ive Cornu: fdoners of the Excise in Great Britain), it \va-, amongst other Things, provided, That 11 >tr. 1 ng in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extern i, to chuge w.tn the additional Duty thereby granted the Produce or Amount of the Duties upon Candles mat e in Great Entrant And whereas by one other Act, rmde in tnc ninetenih Year of his laid present Majesty's R«on (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the fever ai Duties uncLr the Munage inert of the respective Commissicmn of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain), it was, amongst other hmgs, provided, That nothing in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the additional Duty thetehy granted the Produce or Amount of the Duties payable for I allow Candles; And whereas it was the Meaffing and Intention of the said before-recited Act, made in this present deffion of Parliament, that the Exemption of the additional Duty of live Pounds per Centum should. extend only to I'alloy/ Candles made in Great Britain, in like Manner as the Exemption by ffie

X lain

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56.

aft

determined by -

kY

for rc£li

M liijKC

c said Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign was provided and made, and the Word

Tallow was, through Mistake, omitted to be inle/ted in the said ProvisoP Now, for correcting and

amending the said Mistake, be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That by the Cl Word Candles in the said Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, was meant Tallow Candles f>,n-a* only; and that from and after the passing of this present Act, the Produce and Amount of the Duties on' 0

all Candles made in Great Britain (except Tallow Candles), shall be liable to, and shall be charged with, Scluwu* the said additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum, imposed by the said Act of this prcjttit Session of Parliament s any Thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Almanacks printed on one Side of any one Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a certain annual Sum out of the said Duty to each of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the Money heretofore paid to the said Universities, by the Company of Stationers of the City of London, for the Privilege of printing Almanacks.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS Almanacks, printed on one Side only of anyone Sheet or Piece of Paper, are no* subject to the same Duties as are imposed on other primed Almanacks, by reason whereof great Evasions have been practised, to the Injury of the fair Trader, and the Decrease of his Majesty's Re- venueV therefore we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be* it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Almanack or Calendar, for one particular Year, or for any d ime less than a Year, primed on one Side only of any one Sheet or Piece of Paper, over and above the Duties now charged thereon, an additional Duty of Two-pence; and for every Almanack or Calendar so printed, and made to serve for several Years, the said additional Duty for every such Year.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levy-

ing, colliding, and paying the said additional Duty herein-before granted, the lame shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them lor that Purpose; and to cause such new Stamps to be provided to denote the said Duty as shall be requisite in that Behalf; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting tins Ad in Execution with relation to the said Duty herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner, as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps or Marks upon such Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which Aim-macks are to be printed, and upon which several Duties are by several Acts of Parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, instead of the distinct Stamps or Marks directed to be provided to denote the several Duties on such Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which Almanacks are to be printed, to cause one new Stamp or Mark to be provided, to denote the said several Duties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamp or Mark, as the fail Commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such Manner as any other Stamps or Marks on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are, by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Almanack or Calendar shall be printed in such Manner, that forne Part of such Printing shall be upon the Stamp or Mark which shall, in pursuance of this Act, be impressed upon the Paper whereon the same shall be printed; and if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, print, or cause to be printed, any Almanack or Calendar otherwise than as aforesaid, or shall fell, or expose to Sale, any such Almanack, before the paper whereupon such Almanack shall be printed shall have been duly marked, and upon which the Stamp or Mark herein-before directed to be impressed, at the Time of such Sale, shall he plain and visible, that then every Person so oft’ending {hail, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied and applied as is directed by the several Stamp Laws now in Force.

VI. And whereas great Frauds are committed by Persons affixing the Stamps on Almanacks which they pretend have been cut off from such Almanacks, for the greater Convenience of framing or binding the same;’ be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority nfotclaid, That if any Almanack or Calendar shall be sold, or exposed to Sale, with the Stamp affixed thertto in any oth r Mariner than as the same shall have been impressed upon the Paper at the Stamp-office, that then every such Almanack or Calendar shall beseemed an unstamped Almanack, and the Person or Persons selling, or exposing the lame to Sale, shall be subject and liable to the same Penalty as if they had fold, or expose j to Sale, an unstamped Almanack.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nebbing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to charge any Calendar or perpetual Almanack, or any other Calendar

From the pa/TjnjJ of this an additional Duly of 2 d. to be p; icl for every S licit Almanack printed in Cre&t-Britain,

New Duly to be under the Management of th1? Conan. lfp.oneii for Stamp!.

Commissionert

may provide onfl* new Stamp lot all the several Duties j

and may niter the lame.

All Almanacks to be printed in such Manner th:.t Fart of the

Printing, shall b<£j on tiic Stamp.

[Penalty.]

Penalty on ii g AJmancuka with the Si.nip *ihxcii the reto o herv. ite than u .' cone at the Star p hice. Perpetual Almanacks not to be chained with

00( Z

94-

more thm three Y. ars 'y

All I'ro-iP.on, Pe'talti.*, &c. prrlrr b tJ or in-H by former / «'% relating to Stimp-dftif s, th 1 be in F tee in Exr- utioa of th Act.

Penal y on Prr-

sum counterfeiting any Stamp, or selling any Almanack, Ire. m-rked with 1

counterfeit

Stamp.

Prea title.

O it of the Duties granted by this Act, there shall be paid 500 I. a year ro the University of Oxford, an<i 500l. to Cambridge; to be paid half-yearly, at M»d-summei and CkriAoiU.

Doty to be paid

to fbc Receiver General of the Sta p-dut es; and by him paid into the Exche-

W

and carried to the Sinking Fund.

Person* sued in Ex^uiion otth a A, may plead the General

IfiTye,

and rrent *r treble Cofir.

C. 56. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781

daror Almanack, with more than the Duty that would be payable by this Act, in case such Almanack was made for thite Years only.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Article?, Cl uics, Penalties, Forfeitures, Distribution of Ptnalii^ aid Forfeitures, and all other Matters aid Theng>, preknbeci, irflifted, or appointed, by any former Act or AcU of Parliament relating to the Stan p-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and not hertby aiterei, shall be in lull Force and Effect with relation to the Rates and Du>ie> hereby impotVd, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and figuring the said Rates and Duties, according to tre tiue Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fifty, to all Intents and Purpose?, as it the lime had severally and reipecbvely been hcieia enacted with relation to the Rates ant Duties hereby impelled

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, from and after the passing of this Act, shall counterfeit 01 forge, or procure to be c^uirerfcited or forged, any Stamp or Mark to resemble any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be uhd by this or any other Act of Parliament; or (1 all counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the tame, wi h an intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the said Du y hereby granted; 01 shall utter, vend, or sell, any Paper or Almanack, with such counterfeit Sump or Mark, knowing thr fame io be counterfeit; or shall puvately or fraudulently use ar;y bt^mp or Mark, di efted or allowed to be ulen by this or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the said Duty; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And whereas the Power of granting a Liberty to print Almanacks, and other Books, was hereto- sole supposed to be an inherent R:gnt in the Crown: And whereas the Crown hath, by different Charters, under the Great Seal, granted to the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, among other Things, the Privilege of printing Almanacks: And whereas the Univerline> did derr.ilc to the Company of Stationers of the City of London, their Privileges of printing and vending Almanacks and Calendars, and have received an annual sum of one rhousand Pounds and upwards, as a Confuieration for such Privilege: And whereas the Money so received by them has b*en laid cut and expended in promoting different Branches of Literature and Science, to the great Increase of Religion and Learning, and the general Benefit and Advantage of these Realms: And whereas the Privilege or Right of printing Almanacks has been, by a lace Decision at Law, found to have been a common Right, over which the Crown had no Contmui, and consequently the Universities no Power todtmife the same to any particular Person or Body of Men, whereby the Payments so made to them by the Company of Stationers have ceaftd and her 11 discontinued be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, there shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every Year, out of the Monies which shall anse by the Duty herein-before gramed, the Sums of Money following, to the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge; that is to say, the Sum ot five hundred Pounds 10 the University of Oxford, and the Sum of five hundred Pounds to the University of Cambridge; which said several and respective Sums of Money shall be, and are hereby changed upon the Duty hertin-before granred, and shall be paid thereout yearly and every Year, at the two usual Feasts; that is to say, the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, and the Birth of our Lord Christ \ the fir if Payment to be made, on the Feast of the Bi.th of our Lord Christ utter passing this Act, by the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp-duties, free and clear of all Fees, Dues, I fijties, Taxes, and Deductions whatsoever, unto the Chancellors, Masters, and Scholars, of the said Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and to be received by the Hands of the Vice-chancellor of each University respectively, or by fonie Person or Persons duly authorised by each respective Vice chancellor, under his Hand, to receive the same, to and for the sole Use and Benefit of each of the said Universities; and the Receipt of the Vice-chancellor of each University, or of the Person or Persons duly authorised, as aforesaid, by him to receive the same, (had bfc a sufficient Receipt to the said Receiver General of the Stamp-duties, and shall be allowed by the Auditor and Auditors of the Imprest, and all other Persons concerned in pa/Ting his Accounts, as a full and sufficient Discharge for the making such Payments out of the aforesaid Duty.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty herein-before granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the said Duty, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, and also the Sum of one thousand Pounds, herein-before directed to be paid to the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, being first thereout dedufteu}, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on ft imped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty, and paid into she laid Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his H irs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be carried to and made a Part of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by h’m or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Blue, and give the fp^cial Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if Opon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall beceome nonsuited, th^n ich Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 57.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sums herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

"1,742,912l. 25. 2 d. granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year. Treasury impowered to raise the Sum of 1,-42,912 /. 2 s. 2d. or any Part thereof, hv Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Sinking Fund. All Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act to have a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money, with Interest. Orders to be registered in Course. No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages, with full Costs, Penalty of undue Preference in Point of Registry or Payment. Auditor, tAc. neglecting his Duty, liable for Damages, fAc. to be recovered at mirjler, No undue Preference in the registering, where Orders are brought the same Day; nor if subsequent Ordeis are paid before others not brought in Course, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Orders. Orders may be assigned. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the Treasury may raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loans; and the Bills in such Case to be made in the Manner prescribed by the Land Tax Act of this Session. All Advantages and Penalties in the Land Tax Act of this Session, relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this Act. The said Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, are to be paid out of the Sinking Fund. iC Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of 1,742,9 2l. 2 j. 2 d. notwithstanding an Act of 44 5 and 6 Gui & Mar'ut. The Sum of 288,34* /. 195. 8 d. Surplus of the Sinking Fund, on "Jan. 5, 44 1781;—75-,087l. 175. jod of the said Surplus, on Aprils, 1781 ',— 23,-08l. 1 > j 10d. 2<j remaining in the Exchequer, on April 5, 1781, of the two Sevenths Excise;— o,co ol. remaining of the Duties on Wine, granted in 18 Geo. II.;—56,000l. remaining of the Duties on Glafe, granted in 19 44 Geo. II. 5 - 16079l. 8 d. zq. remaining, subject to the Disposition of Parliament41:0,02c /. out

of the Balances remaining in the Hands of the late Treasurers of the Navy, &c. and late Paymasters General of the Forces, &c. 18,723 /. 135. 11 d. remaining in the Hands of Sir William Hoive;— 44 1,3$?/ *4* *n the Hands of the Executors of Zachary Philip Fonnereau Esquire, &c.;—8,848/ 1 si 44 4 d. \ q. in the Hands of Thomas Rumsey Esquire *, — 772l. 8 s. 6 d. 2 q. in the Hands of Sir /A77Ham Erskine\—and certain Monies to be paid into the Exchequer by the East India Company; and also the Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; shall be applied towards making good the Supply. A Sum not exceeding 51,747l. 1" s- 6 d. out of the Savings of Sums granted for augmenting the Forces; 25,501l. Temaining of Levy-money, &c. for 1779; and 14,379l. 8s ]°d out of the Savings of Grants for the Pay of Infantry; shall be applied towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces, 44 lAc. from Jan. 31, 1380, to Feb. r, 1781, The Monies arising by the Land Tax, Malt Tax, Lot- tery Act, Loans (1,50 ,000l.), further Loans (1,900,000/ ), Bank Agreement (2,coo, coo/), Vote of Credit (1,000,000l.), 288,346l. 195. 8 d. remaining in the Exchequer on Jan. t, 1781, of the Surplusses of the Sinking Fund; 757,0^7/ 17 s. 1 ^d. remaining on April 5, 1781, of the said Surplusses; 14 23, 08, 11 s 10d. 2 q. remaining of the two Sevenths Excite; 40,020l. remaining of the Duties on Wines, granted in 18 Geo. II.; 56,070 /. remaining of the Dufies on Glass, granted in 19 Geo II. 5 44 16,879l. 65. 8 d. i q. remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 81, exclusive of the Sinking Fund; 44 400,000l. remaining in the Hands of the late Treasurers of the Navy, &c. and late Paymasters General of the Forces, &c.; 18,723l. 13J' 1« d.; 1,357l. 14 x.; 8,848 /. 1 s. 4 d. ’ q- \ and 77 21 r s. 6 d. 2 q,— 4‘ remaining in the Hands of Sir William Hoive, and the Executors of Zachary Philip Fonnereau Esquire, 44 tAc. (Ac.; also certain Monies to be paid into the Exchequer by the East Indta Company; fu< h Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between April c. 1781, and April 5, 1782, of the Produce of the Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and 1,742,9*2/ 25. 2d. by this Act granted out of the Surplusses of the Sinking Fund; together with the Money arising from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War; and also such Sums of Money a< his Majesty shall drreft to be applied to the public Service, which shall arise out of the Sale of the ceded Islands in the West Indies; shall be applied to the Uses following: 5*736,277/ 5 s. 8 d. towards Nava) Services; 3,200,00c/. towards paying off the Navy Debt; 582,924l. 11 s. 9 d for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, for 1781; 447,1:52l.

I 44 4j. 6d. for ditto, not provided for, in 1780; 252,104l. 3;. 4 d for ditto, for 178*, exclusive of the i* 44 former Eft imate; 7,-23,012l. 45, 11 d. towards maintaining the Land Forces, &c.; of whion 1,^40,7-4l. $\ 44 8j. ud. for defraying the Charges of ^9,666 effective Men, including Officers, and 4,213 Invalids,

d "for Guards, Garrisons, fe*c.‘in Great Britain, &c.; 1.488,92*?/. for Forces and Garrisons in Africa

j \ 44 and the East Indies, (Ac; 2,927 / 16for General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain; 56,074l.

\4\\ l9*. *d. zq. for five Hanoverian Battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisiorts for three of

M the said Battalions at Gibraltar, for the Year 1781; 367,203l. 9 s. 10 d. for 13,472 Troops of \ 39>597 / 11. lid. 15. for two Regiments of Hanauy (Ac.; 17,498l. 3*. 3?* (0* a Bcgi-

\ 44 me

I^M 4

96. C. 58. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

merit of JVahleclv lAc.; 91,947l. Ki Sd. for M'o Brunfvichers, {Jc.; 39.^41 /. 141. 3 for 1,4*7 " Troops of Btauihurg Aujpach-, 16,63-/. 114. 0^/ ly f*»r Infantry, GY. of Anhalt Znif; 40,3 ' /. 44 17l. I r/ for Piovdions for foreign Troops serving in America-, *,4(3l. Nr ? 3 y. to in.ilce good a

Deficiency in the bums voted for the Troops ot IL ffc Cujei, for 1780; :7,0s,/. 144. for defraying t)ie 44 Charge of Arti! erv for foreign Troops, for 17b; 672,.37l. 15 4. for defraying the Charge o: the Militia in South Britain, GY. for 1 81; go, 79l. 13 s. 1 d ft^r defraying the Charge of Chaining for Militia, in i;>i; 79,^99 /. for reduced Officers of Land Forres, is'c. for i-Si; 5 0l. 4 s. 2</, to the two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, GY; 9 /0 L; 4. 1 <7. to the Out-pensioners of Chefea Hf; ital; 44 117/^8l. e 4 b d. for eighty Independent Companies of Foo', GY.; c/. 34. 0,/ for a ciuonal Companies, GY. of Militia in South Britain, for 17 t; 8,452/ 44. %d to rr ..k- g-iud 'he ILfiiuncy of Pay of said additional Compancs, for 1/0; 1,10- /. 164. 4 d, to make good a Deli unry for paying Lord John Murrays Regiment of Foot; 3,351,3 9l. 1 4. Ad iq for Extr lOrdinaries of LandTorces, 44 GY. from Jan. 3i,i"bo, to Feb. 1, 7^1; i,coo,?o"' /. for pay ng oft\he Exchequer Pffis made out by virtue of the Vote of Credit of Lft Session; r,5 c,ooool. for paying off other Exchequer D lls of Jail 6 f- /ion; 1,0.00, ol. ior pying off further Exchequer Pills o( Lft Soffit n; 22,222 I. u> make good to his Majesty the I ke Sum issued in pursuance of the Addicfffis of the House of Commons; f, o /. > 4. d. 44 towards carrying on the Puddings at Somerset lhvfe\ 8 ,0:0l. for Rein f of the Sufferers in Lit OcUber% 44 in Barba does', and *r pvro /. for Relief of those in Jamaica; 5,099/, ioJ( ^d for Lpporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia-, 2,986/ for the Civil Eih.’b'ishment of Georgia; 2,9,0l. f *r the Civil Establishment of Ea/i Florida; 3.900/ for the Civil Establishment of JTcjl Florida; 3, 5 /. for the Civil Establishment of the Hand ot St. John-, :c 7l. for defraying Expences attending Surveys in North Arne- rica-, 13roc/ for maintaining Forts on the CojII ot Africa-, 414. d. on account of new Roads, GY. in the Highlands of Scotland-, y,<)\rl. 1:4. for Refitf of Ann-'ium Civil Officers, GY*.; 44 8,00 /. for allitiinp the Levant Company; :o/>"i/. 1 ’ 4. 6</. for making C n^»tnLtr*n for certain Lands, GY near Chatham; 13,4 2 /. 1-4. for making Compensation for repair Ij*wls near Sheerness, 44 Gf.; 14 /. 1H 4. for making Compenf.rion for cet:Yn Lands, G*c. nrar Tilbury F.rt; 15,^ /. 174.

paid to Duncan Carr:phiIt, for maintaining ConvicL, GY; 10,to / towards rebuilding Newgate*,

44 23,0 Y. towards repining the King's Bench and Fleet Prison; 5,-~r I. to certain Sufferers in the late Insurrections; 30,0-0l. 11 j. id. to make good 'he Deficiency of a Fund to nay Annuities granted by an Act 31 Geo il.; 19*/^ / 74. id. to make go d the l)<fi iency of a Fund for paving Annuitie> granted by an Act 1 Geo III.; 19 ,6 3. 04 t d. 2 q. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act \t)(jco. Ill; 2.12,74- /. 44. tr d to m ke g the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities gr*jnrcd in 2c Geo III.5 and 8,-51l. 84 r d. 3 q ro make good the Deficient y of the Giants for the Year 17* o. The fa:d Aids to be appl.-d or^y to the Uses be fore mentioned. Ruigs to be observed in the Application of the Half-pay. Py an Acci zr Geo. III. a Sum not exceeding 82,gcc /. 2 4 was appropriated to be paiJ to reduced Officers. Overplus M rnies, above satisfying Laid Officers, to be disposed of to Officers who were maimed, CY. in tnc late Wars, or to Officers Widows anu Children, as his Majesty shall (Jirecl.*

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for rendering more effectual so much of an Act, made in the tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appropriating a Fund established by an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax, as relates to the distributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time limited.

4

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the seventh Yrar of the Reign of his present Majesty f intituled*

Recital of 7 Lhi Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain J nryi Linens itt, prated inti ihis King-

- Geo. III. Cap. dom\ and for establishino a Fund for the encourajmn of t!:e r,djv/g and aicjfa.g of Hemp cm I Fax), it is enacted, That, from and after tl.c first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall be raiftd, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several *4 additional.Rates and Duties following; (tlmt is to say),

For every FJ1 of foreign Linen, commonly called Fading Canvas, Spruce Libia*, or Sfyicenfocrough Canvas, which shall be imporred into Great Britain, the Sum of one Farthing:

And for every Ell of foreign Linen, commonly raised Dutch Parras, ar d Hjfin-Canvas, which ft all *4 be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Halfpenny; and aUcr those Kate? lor any greater of lesser Quantity of such Goods respectively, over and above all other Duties imposed thereon by any for- mer Act or Acts of Parliament:

And that, from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all foreign Lawns imported into Great Britain shall be rated and enterrd as Silfa Law it?, ?.n n ail pay Duty accordingly; a:d that, from and after the said lirit Day of August, one thousand seven hundred

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo

and sixty-seven, there shall also be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for every Yard of foreign Lawn.

bleached in Holland, commonly called Holland whited Lawny which shall be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity, over and above all ocher Duties imposed thereon by any former Act or Acts of Parliament: And it is by the said Act further enacted, That the Money arising by the said several Rates and Duties should from Time to Time be respectively paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, difhndtly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue; and that a Sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, arising from the Duties, shall be kept apart in the said Receipt, as a Fund for the Encourageme nt of raising and dr effing Hemp and Fiax in this Kingdom, in such Way and Manner as Parliament shall thereafter di- reel; and that the Remainder of the said several Duties should be reserved in the said Receipt for the future Dispoikion of Parliament: And whereas by another Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign Reclt*! of of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for appropriating a Fund established by an Act, made in the seventh Geo. Hi# C»p« c Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the u raising and drej/ing of Hemp a id Flax),* it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, by his or their Royal Sign Manual for that Purpose, and countersigned by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to dirt&, order,

limit, and appoint the Distribucion and Payment of the Sum of eight thousand Pounds per Annum, from the Commencement of the said Act of the seventh of his present Majesty, and annually afterwards; or

of eight fifteenth Parcs of the Sum and Sums of Money which have already grown due, and been kept apart, and shall thereafter grow due, and be kept apart, for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the seventh of his present Majesty; and the remaining seven Fifteenths of the said Fund, appropriated for the Encourage-

ment of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, is put under the Management of the Trustees and Commissioners for encouraging and promoting Fishings,

ManuEdlures, and Improvements, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas the eight fifteenth Parts of the said Fund allotted for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Part of Great Britain called England,* hath not hitherto been paid or applied for the Purposes for which the same was intended: And whereas there is now remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer the Sum of forty-four thousand seven hundred and nineteen Pounds, nineteen Shillings, and Five-pence,

refrrved there for encouraging the raising and diefiing Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, as the proportional Part directed to be applied by the said Act of the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, of the additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, which were granted by an Act of the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign: And whereas, if the said Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far as respects the Distribution and Payment of the said Arrears, and of the said eight fifteenth Parts of the said Fund appropriated to that Part of Great Britain called England, was altered, and the Application of the said Fund put under the Management and Dbedion of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, in the Manner hereafter directed, it would more fully answer the Intention of the Legislature in passing the said Acts:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as respects the Direction, ordering, limiting, and appointing, of the Distribution and Payment of the said Sum of eight thousand Pounds per Annum, or of eight fifteenth Parts of the Sum and Sums of Money which have already grown due, and been kept apart, and shall hereafter grow due, and be kept apart, for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom by his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the tenth of his present Majesty, (hill be, and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Distribution and Payment of the Sum of eight thousand Pounds per Annum, from the Commencement of the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, and annually afterwards, or of eight fifteenth Parts of the Sum and Sums of Money which have already grown due, and been kept apart, and shall hereafter grow due, and be kept apart, for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, and every Matter and Thing for the Appropriation thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act of the seventh of his Majesty, shall be, and is hereby put under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, with and under such Conditions, Restrictions, and Limitations, as herein-afeer are expired.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, there shall be applied, distributed, and paid, ih Bounties yearly, a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds, to be charged upon, and paid out of, the said Arrears now in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and o^t of the After-produce of the said Duties; at the Rate of Three-pence per S:one for every Stone of Hemp weighing fourteen Pounds, and Four-pence

Stone for every Stone of Flax weighing fourteen Pounds, to be raised in that Part of Great Britain Thrcc-pence p*r called England, ii the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and in every subsequent Year Stone for Hemp, djring the Space of five Years, and which dial] be broken and properly prepared for Market, to bt paid to the Grower, or other Person who breaks and properly prepares such Hemp and Flax for Market.

Part of the recited Act so Geo. Ji:, repealed.

The DistrtlviMoa of 8,000 ptr Annum for the Encouragement of railing and dressing Hemp and Flax, to be under the Management of the Commissioneri for ndc and Plantation!.

15,000 1. yearly to be piid in Bounties for nifing Hemp and Flax in England

and Four-pence for Flax.

g8

How Claims for the Bounties shall be exhibited and attested.

Persons receiving any Bounty a*e to give Bond to the Clerk of the tuce, &c.

Money recovered h w to be applied.

Justices, at their Michaelmas Sessions, are to adveitife the Bounties, Ac,

Names and Places of Abode of the Claimant! to be puklHhcd, &c.

Justicei to make up, yearly, a State of the Claims allowed by them, and to transmit the same to the Commissionera of Trade and PNatations. Arc. Receivers of the Land Tax to j ay, on O'-der or the Quarter >'clli ns, the Sums appropriated for each County. Dire^vions for Sellers, &c. of Hemp or Flax.

Justices to trans-ir.it to the Commissioners for Trade, &c. a S»?te of i he Claims ma le, and (heir Pro-tetdi tgs there-optn, &c.

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and I ha ui!e \ Ac, to be lai I an-e ’j )’ btf'jio PaiiuiLtu.*

C. 58. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Grower, or Person claiming, and who shall he intitled to the said Bounty, shall sign and exhibit his Claim to one of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding or Place, within which the Hemp or Flax has been raised, mentioning in such Claim of what Crop the same is, and the Farm or Ground on which the Hemp or Flax grew; and which Claim shall be likewise atteffd by two of the Parish Officers of the same Parish vitn the Clamant or Grower, who shall certify that they believe the Truth of the Particulars contained in fuh Clam; and unkli Claim, when fn a’tested, the fp.id Justice is hereby required to countersign, and transmit :o the Justicts for the County, Riding, or Place, at their next General Quarter ScTmns.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall claim andrcctive any of the Bounties herein-before granted, flu)!, at or before the Time when he shall receive (he lame, enter into a Bond or Security (without Stamps), to the Clerk of the Peace for the Time b.ing, or his Successors, of the said Counties, Ridings, or Places respectively, with two {umcient Sureties, to be approved of by the said Justice s, at their Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, within which me Li j Hemp or F! x was grown, in the pen?l Sum of Tithle the Value of the Hounfy cAinud and receivcJ, and of the fLmp or Flax for U'hich he shall have claimed and received the lame, with Condjm.n that fjv n Person is duly intitled to the Hid Bouiry, according to the tnfe Intent and Meaning of this Act; w 1*v*1 Bond shall ard may be put in Suit, under the Orders and Directions of the find Juliets at tnur Quarter Sessions, by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, against every such Person or Persons as tic Case shall require; and all Sums of Money so recovered ill a 11 be put into the Hands of the Treasurer of the respective Counties, r.nd be appli-.J, in the first Piacc, towards drfiaying the Changes and Expences of prosecuting the fi-.me, and the other Charges attending the Exccuuon of this Act, and the RemainTr towards the Fund out of which the said Bounties are to be granted.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices in each County, at

their Quarter Sessions at A'lichtu-fcm next, and at every following Michaelmas Quat r Scfli >0$, during the Continuance of this Act, shall, and they are hereby required to advertisr an 1 p ubhlu the several

Bounties by this Act granted, with the Conditions nevciTary to be complied with before the same can be icceived.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said J i ft ices, at the said next Quarter Sessions, shall publish the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons who h ve claimed the Coo BountiV*, and the Quantities of Hemp or Flax for v^hich they claim, to the hnd that the said Justices may, by the Means aforesaid, or by such other Means, Methods, Proofs, and Inquiries, as they shall direct and jud^e most fit, discover and be able to ascertain, against their General (Quarter Sessions at MiJjumv.er in t.i.li Year, the Quantity of Hemp and Flax raised in the County, Ruling, or Place, and the Truth of the several Claimants Claims and Pretensions; which Claims the said Justice?, at the said Midsummer Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required finally to settle and determine.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices shall, at their said ATulfum-mer Quarter Sessions in each Year, make up a State of the Claims which hat e been fin illy settled and allowed by them, and transmit the same to the for Trade and PAntat ons; and the said Commissioners, on the Receipt of such Returns from the several Counties, flidl apportion the Sums applicable to each County, and certify to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britan^ or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury (or the Time being, the Amount of the bums so Cain: d miJ allow- d, and pray an Blue of the whole Amount of the said Bounties; and the Commissioners ol his MajtftjS Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time bring, shall thereupon, and they are hereby impowered and required to issue (without Fee or Reward) their Warrants or Orders to the Receivers of the Land Tax of the several Counties within which the said Hemp and Flax respectively has been raised, to pay (without Deduction, Fee, or Rew.ud), on the Order of the Quarter Sessions of each respective County, Riding, or Place, the Sums appropriated for such Countyj and the said Justices, at their next ensuing Quarter Sessions, shall distribute and pay, without Fee or Reward, the lame to the several Persons, or their Assigns, who shall have been found in titled to the faii Bounties.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Grower, or other Person preparing Hemp or Flax for Market, and who shall sell any Quantity of Hemp or Flax within that Part of Great Britain called England shall deliver to the Buyer, along with such Hemp or Flax, a particular Account of the Hemp and Flax fold, expressing the Quantity, Place where it grew, and the Year ol i's Growth; and the Seller in like Manner shall take of the Buyer a Receipt, in Writing, containing a IT plicate of the Quantity bought, the Place where it grew, and the Year of its Growth.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That, for the better Information of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, the said Justices in each County shall, and they are hereby required from Time to Time, at their several Quarter Sessions, to make up, and transmit to the said Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, a State of the Claims which have been then made, and their Procetvii: gs and Judgments thereupon, which the said Commissioners shall return to the Quarter Sessions of each County*, with such Observations as may occur to them, and such Directions as they may think necessary for the better ascertaining the Claims, and which Directions the said Quarter Sessions are hereby required to observe and comply with.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for Trade and Plantations shall annually make up an exaFt Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax raised, and of the Monies prayed and issued to the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties, and shall annually lay the same before both Houses of Parliament.

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 59, 60.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the fakJ Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to make such further Rules and Orders for the said bounties, and for preventing Abuses therein, as they shall think, expedient, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such reason^blc Allowances shall be made to the Clerks of the Peace respectively, for what they shall do and perform m their respective Offices for and towards the carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, as the Justices, at their respective Quarter sessions, shall from Time to Time order and direct.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority a fore fa id, That the said recited Acts of the seventh and tenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, shall continue and ue in lull Force in all RespectU, except in so far as the same are hereby altered or varied.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act (hill continue and be in Force for and during the full Term of five Years from the fi<ft Day of Augr.ft^ in the Year one thousand seven hundred and cighiy-cwo, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament

C>> Tm.lili >'*er<

cr» ly tt.uk f ir-t:Wr Roles rc» lati.p to th-B >unies Ah iv. a nc<r' l > be ii'.-’tie t-» tt.f

Clerks of the Peace.

The r c:re I Acts

to conniire in Furce, e*ceyt where ahcreJ. C.«n'irvi *r.cc of ill.s Act,

CAP. LIX.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LX.

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of two Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for enlarging the capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for

raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine, it was declared and enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors 41 ’

for ever, should continue and be one Body Corporate and Politic, and should for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, out of certain Rates and Duties of Excise therein described, and such Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises,

Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, as are therein expressed; subject nevertheless to a Power and Condition of Redemption, in that Act contained in that Behalf: And it was thereby provided and enabled, That at any Time, upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and not before; and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Succcflois, of the several Sums, amounting to one million six hundred thousand Pounds" therein mentioned, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the said Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum%

and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, should have remaining in their Hands, or be intitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid (such Funds for Redemption whereof other Provision was made in the same Act only excepted); then,

and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine, as by the said Act (Relation being thereunto had) may more plainly appear: And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

4. An Act to raise twelve hundred thousand Pounds for public Uses, by circulating a further Sum in Exchequer Recital of tti

Bills y and for enabling her Majesty to raijc five hundred thousand Pounds on the Revenues appointed for Uses 11 An‘

offer Civil Government, to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants

Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned \ the before-recited Proviso or Condition for determining the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, upon twelve Months Notice after the said first Day of AuguJ?, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, upon such Payments as aforesaid* was

thereby repealed and made void: And it was thereby provided and enacted, That at any Time, upon

twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August y which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and not before; and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England*, or their Successors, of the said Sum of sixteen hundred thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever, and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred < thousand Pounds per Annunty and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing to them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, should have remaining in their Hands, or be intitled to at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid (such Funds for Redemption whereof other Provision is made in the said former Acts, or any of them, or in the said recited Act, always excepted); then, and in such Case*

and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine: And it is also further provided and enacted, Thar, from and after such Redemption of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and from and after Redemption should be made by Parliament of the Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds* thirteen Shillings and Five-pence*

xoo C. 60. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, settled and payable to the said Governor and Company, in the Manner therein mentioned; and from and after Redemption should likewise be made of the Fund established by the said recited Act, in relation to the Exchequer Bills therein mentioned 5 then, and not till then, the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England should cease and determine; but, till then, the said Governor and Company should continue 4 a Corporation, and should have and enjoy all the Bowers and Privileges they were intit led to, as by the same Act (Relation b?ing thereunto had) may more fully appear: And whereas by an Act of Parlin- ment, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intitule fccoU Cj j for tft°blishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bark of Engl md, for advancing

to. p, 13* c ifog sum QjrQne Jnjijjon rlx hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thou-

1 fund seven hundred and forty-two; the said Governor and Company, and their Sticcrlfors, were directed

1 to advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's Use, the full Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, on or before such Time, and in such Manner, and under such Conditions, as in the said Act are mentioned: And it was thereby declared and enacted, That the feve- ral and respective Provisoes contained in the said Acts of the seventh and twelfth Yens of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and each of them, and all other Provisoes contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, for determining the said Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and the said Corporation of the Go\ernor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the respective

Notices and Payments in the same respective Acts mentioned, should be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, so enlarged as aforesaid,

and their Successors for ever, should remain, continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politic, by the ' 4 Name aforesaid, and should for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the said entire yearly Fund of one him*

dred thousand Pounds, out of the said Rates and Duties of Excile, together with a perpetual Succession and Privilege of exclusive Banking as therein-alter was mentioned, and all other Abilities, Capacities,

Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, whcie- unto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, before the making of the said Act, were intitled, by the said Acts of the seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her said late M«jtfty Queen 4 Anne, or either of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants, or Charters whatsoever,

then in Force; all which were, by the said Act, ratified and confirmed to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, freed and discharged of and from the said Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid, and all other Provisoes, Powers, Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever, theretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void, the said Corporation, or yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, and the said Privilege of exclusive Banking, and all other their Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities,

Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, or any of them; subject ntverthelels to such Restrictions, Rules, and Directions, and also to such other Agreements, Matters, and T hings, as in the said Act* and Charters, or any of them then in Force, were contained or piefcubed, and also subject to the Power and Condition of Redemption thereafter in the said Act contained in that Behalf:

And it was thereby also provided and enacted, That at any Time, upon twelve Months Notice, alter the first Day of August, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fixey- four, and not before, and upon the Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, as well of the said Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, formerly advanced, as of the Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds before mentioned then to be advanced, amounting, in the Whole, to the Sum of three mil’ions two hundred thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof: and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, c f all the Arrears of the said cne hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Oiders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors* should have remaining in their Hands, or be intitled to,

at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid (such Funds for Redemption whereof orher Provision was made in and by the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted); then,

and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of hn Recital of4 Geo. present Majesty, intituled, An Act for e/lahlifjing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of ti e Hank

III, Cap. 15. of England, for raifng certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of lie Year one then find

seven hundred and sixty-Jcur; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stceb,

or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent petJen citing the Ounces thereof; it is recited, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England weie willing and con- tented to advance, towards the Supply granred to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, the Sum of one million, on Exchequer Bills bearing Interest, to be paid

quarterly; and the said Exchequer Bills to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the first Aids or Supplies

which should be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; and in case sufficiem Aids or Supplies should not be granted for that Purpose before the filth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, (he fame to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the

Sinking fund; and also to pay into his Majesty's Exchequer, towards the said Supply, the Sum of cne

hundred and ten thousand Pounds, without any Repayment of the Principal, or Allowance of Interest for the fame; provided that the Privilege of exclusive Banking, and all other Abilities, Capacities,

Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, in the said recited,

or any former Act contained* should be granted and confirmed to the said Governor and Company, in 1 4 such

5 J

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 60. ioi

such Manner as in the said recited Act it mentioned: And it was by the said recited Act enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, then or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in (he Whole the Sum of one Million, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions as in and by an Act of the then present Session of Parliament, intituled,

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for Geo. III.

the Service of the Year one th:ujana Jrjcn hundred and sixty-four, were enacted and prescribed concerning

the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act; and the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, were directed to advance and pay, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's Use, the full Sum of one hundred and ten thousand Pounds, on or before such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Conditions as in the said Act are mentioned; and it was declared and enacted, That such Part of the said recited Provision, contained in the said Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the determining the find Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Notice and Payments therein mentioned, should be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for ever, should remain, continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name aforesaid, and should forever have, receive, and enjoy, the said entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, together with a perpetual Succession and Privilege of exclusive Banking, as therein-after was mentioned, and all other Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever,

whereunto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, before the making of the said Act,

were inti tied by the said Acts of the seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of htr said late Queen Anne, and the said Act of the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, or any of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants, or Charters whatsoever,

then in Force; all which were by the said Act ratified and confirmed to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, freed and discharged of and from the said Proviso and Conditions of Redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid, and all other Provisoes, Powers,

Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever, theretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming,

determining, or nuking void the said Corporation, or yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pound',

and the said Privilege of exclusive Banking, and all other their Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, or any of them*, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions, Rules, and Directions, and also to such other Agreements, Matters, and Things, as, in the said Acts and Charters, or any of them then in Force, were contained or prescribed,

and also subject to the Power and Condition thereafter in the said Act contained in that Behalf: And it was thereby also provided and enacted, That, at any Time, upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six,

and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, of the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, advanced by virtue of the said in Part recited Acts, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever,

to be made out of the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof;

and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of all the Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing unto them, upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds,

which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, shall have remaining in their Hands, or be intitled to at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid, such Funds for Redemption whereof other Provision was made in and by the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted \ then, and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds

should cease and determine: And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are The B-nk are willing and contented to advance, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the wilting to a»i-. 4 Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the Sum of two Millions, in Manner following; tlrat vance tsvo Mil. 4 is to say, the Sum of one Million on or before the fifteenth Day of November, one thousand seven bun- hma for dred and tighty-one; and the Sum of one Million on or before the fifteenth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, on Exchequer Bills, beaming Interest at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum and the said Exchequer Bills to be charged upon and repaid.out of any of the r\ids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament fi r the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and, in case sufficient Aids or Supplies shall not be granted for that Purpose before the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and e'ghty-four, the same to be charged upon and repaid out of the Sinking Fund; provided that the Privilege of exclusive Banking, proved r>c»r 4 and all other the Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privilegea, Profits, xcLtiv* Piivi- and Advantay.es, in any former Act 'on'ained, be granted and confirmed to the said Governor and Chm- pany, in such Manner as is h rein-after mentioned: Now, we your M;.j fly’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament alfemiled, being uftirous to raise, with-as much Ease and Advantage a* possess* to your Subjects, the neeelfiiry Supplies, and to encourage the said Governor and Company to advance the said Sum of two Millions,* do most humbly beseech your Mojrfly that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by »n«i with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of !us

Service < f the pi* ft Ut Wsr

of B w.k i

See. be von/it <d.

10 2

Commissioners of the Treal'ury impowerei to makeout Exchequer Bills for two Millions, bsftre April 5, 178s.

All the Provisoes, Penalties, «&c. contained in the Land Tax.

AO ofth’.'Se^-fnn relating to Etchcvu'.r R:l!s, (except, fee,) shall be applied to the Exchequer Bids to be mu-e in pursuance of

Exchequer Bi'Is to tear Interelb.

Bills issued at the Exchequer n>t 10 be current to any Colleger of the Cullomsj&c for three Years;

-except for the Discharge thereof.

Exchequer Bills to be repaid out of any Supplies to be granted for the War 1784. If li ffic(e-it Supplies aie not printed before A aril 5, 17 ^, the said Bills (h i'l be ch tr-Led on the Sinking Jrund.

Montes so iflVd out "t the Sinking Fond to be nplaced c»u: of tfcfjrftS pphes.

The Bjnk to exchange for reify jh -oney all such i> ]l»s, with Interest, as fha)J, within three Years, be ten-<k:eJ to them:

C. OO. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

M^fiy’s Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the ITgh Treasurer for the* Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hjudud an i eighty-two, to cuufe or direct ;*ny Number of Exchequer Bills to be m dc out for any bum or- Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Wtiule the Sum of two Millions, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Direction* as in and by an Act of this present Seflimi of PatliarTHnf, intituled, An Act for "ranting an Aid to bio Jilfefy by a hand Tax% to be raised in Ci'c at Britain, for the Service of toe War one th:ujand seven hundred and act,-cne, are enadUd and preferred Concerning the Exchequer 1MB to be ma in purfuuncc of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provides, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilitio, contained in the said F it mentioned Act, relating to the Exchequer 1MB amhorised to be m jde by the fume Actt (except such Claufts as do charge the same on the Taxe* granted determined by the same Act, and such Clauft s as knot or relate to the 2ferr-taining the Rate of Jmcrefi to be paid for the Forbearance of Money Jem on the Credit of the said Act, and at(o except 2s herein after mentioned), Hull be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectaaily, to ail Interns and Purposes, as if the same had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or if the said fevttal Claufis or Provilues had been particularly repealed and re-enacted in the Body ut this Act.

this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Exchequer Bills shall bear in Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Bill or Bills, to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time before the Expiration of three Years from the May of the Date of inch Exchequer Bill, received or taken, or pals or be current to any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain of the Culfoms, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or SucccilMs, or at the Receipt of me Exchequer, hom any such Receiver or Collector, or fr m any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge and cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall be in dec Course or Order of Payment before the Expiration of three Years from the Day of the Date of any Exchequer Bill so to be made forth 5 nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the Expiration of three Years from the Day of the Date of such Exchequer Bill, for any Money of such Revenues, Aid*, Taxes or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which Hull have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act 5 nor shall any Action be maintained agjir.fl any such Receiver or Collector Dr neglecting or tefufing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money, before the same shall Iwvc been issued three Ycais from the Receipt of the Exdvquer, according to the Date thereof: any Thing in the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for "ranting an Aid to his ALfe/ly by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great-B. itain, for the Service of the Year one thousand/even hundred and eighty one, or this Act, contained to the eontraiy notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of any of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-lour, then all the said Exchequer Bids, with the Interest and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies, as at any Time or Times, at or after the said Fifth Day of Aprils shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surpluses, ExcdAs, Overplus monies, an i other Revenues, comuofing the Fund commonly called The Si riling Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as lh ill then be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued ^nd applied, as Don as the same can be regularly Rated and afecr-tained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difoh*rging such Exchequer Bills, Interest and Charges until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that rirpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the find SurpluflVs, Excesses, Overplus-monies, or other Revenues, composing the Sinking Fund, (lull, from Time to Time, te replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall, and are hereby required to exchange for ready Money, from Time to Time, all such of the said Exchequer Bills, as shall, within the Space of three Years from the Date thereof, be tendered or produetd to them, or thei: Cashier or Cashiers, for that Purpose, by any Person or Persons; and shall pay, or cause to be paid, to such Person or Persons, in ready Money, the Sum for which every such Bill, so tendered or produced, was issued, together with the Interest, after the said Rare of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, which shall be then due thereupon; and shall exchange in Manner as aforesaid Inch of the said Bills as shall have been, from Time to Tune, paid away or circulated by or on the Behalf of the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, and shall, before the said fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be tendered or produced as aforesaid, as often as such Case shall happen: And the said Governor and Company, or their

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6

Successors, or their Agents or Servants, shall not be intitled to or receive any Premium, Rale, or Allowance whatsoever, for or in respect of the exchanging or circulating the said Exchequer Bills; any Thing herein, or in any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, or their Cashier or Crfliier?, shall neglect or refuse to exchange any such Exchequer Bill or Bills for ready Money as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, upr'n Demand thereof made at their chief Office within the City of London, for the Space of twenty-four Hours then the Person or Peifors demanding the same, or the Person or Persons for and on whose 13chair such Demand shall be mide, (Mil and may recover such Monty, to his, her, or their own Ule, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Inf rmiuion, in any of his M«»jessy,s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Fflbin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Lav/, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare that the f. i-i Governor and Company, or their Successors, are indebted to the Piain-rill or Plaintiffs the Money demanded upon the said 1M1 or Bill.*, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be fanciert; and the Plaintiff or Plaint'iFs, in such Action, D ll, Suit, or Information, shall recover against the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, not only the Money so neglected or rtfukd tube paid, but also Damages, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, on fur h Money, together with full Costs of Suit; and the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, and their said Stock and Funds, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, in the L;d Act, made in this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid io his Mu-jtffj !y a I.and Tax, /; be ruled in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one), relating to such Person or Pvfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as should contrail, by virtue of that Add, with the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury 'or the Time being, for the emulating and excharging for rendy Money the Exchequer Bills by the Lid Avid authorised to b: ifiucd (except the Clause for alter rig the Rate of Intereil, and fuel) other Parts as are varied by this Act), shall cxttnd to and operate, with respect to the said Governor and Company of the Bark of England, and their Successors, in relation to the Exchequer Bills to be made out, exchanged, and circulated, by virtue of this Act, in as full and amp'e Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if a ContraSI in Writing hid been made for that Purpose in the Manner prescribed by the said Act, and as if the Lid dairies, Povveis, and Provision?, were herein specully re-enactevi and applied to the Purposes of ill's Act.

X. And for the Encouragement of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their SuccefiXs, to exchange and circulate the faij Exchequer Bills, in the Manner and during the Time herein-before mentioned; and to the End the said Governor and Company and their Successors, may hay? a competent Recommence and Consideration for so doing;* it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authtr ty aforesaid, That such Part of the said recited Provision contained in the said Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majelh, as relates to the determining the said Fund of one hundred thousand Pound' per Annum* and the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the N >tice and Payments therein mentioned, shall be, anti is hereby repealed and made void; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bink of England, and their Successors for ever, shall remain, continue, and he one Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name aforesaid, and shall for ever have, receive, and tnjoy, the said entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, together with a perpetual vSuccession and Privilege of exclusive Banking, as herein after is mentioned, and all other Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advarrages whatsoever, whereunto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England zrr, or, before the making of this Act, were intitled, by the uid Acts of the seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her Lid late Majesty Queen Anne, and the said AcU of the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth Year of ill? Reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants, or Charters wh.nsoever, now in f orce; ail which are by this Act ratified and confirmed to the Lid Governor and Company, and their Su T; fihr$, freed and discharged of and from the said Proviso and Conditions of Redemption hereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid; and all other Provisoes, Powers, Acts* Matters, and Tr ings wh, rfi rover* heretofore hud, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making vc ;d the said Corporation, or yearly Fund of one h nfted thousand Pounds, and the said Privilege of exclusive Banking, and all other (heir Abilities, Capacities, Poweis, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, or any of them; subject nevertheless to such Restrictions Rules, and L>beftRns, and allb to such other Agreements, Matters, and Things, as in the said Acts and Charters, or any of them now in Force, are contained or prescribid; and also subject to the Power and Condition of Redemption hereafter in this Act contained in this Behalf,

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time*, upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England* or their Successors, of the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, advanced by virtue of the said in Part recited Acts, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of all the Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Intereil Money which shall be owing unto them, upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders,

103

But shall not be intitled to any Premium for the same,

I-i case the Bank’ refute Pa ent, how the Muncy* ma) be recovered.

Plaintiff int‘rltd» to Damig«s and C oC\u

Th* Provifw ps in the Land TiX' Act of th is Seffi >n relat ng to C -ntraftors fr r C’rcnta ing, &c. Exchequer Bi)'sf. (ficevt, Sir.) shall exten i to the Bank in relation to the BillJ ma^c by virtue. of this Act.

Such Part of ch

recited Act Gro III, as relates to the e'e-terrrining the Corporation of the Bink, &c* repealed.

The Bank to retniin a Body Corporate. &c. and to enjoy an exclusive Privilege of Banking,.

At any Timv

aftrr Aug. 1; tSia, upon rz -M^mh> No icr, anc Repayment.; of the said 3 2co, ooooJ, and -u Arieart of the said -100,000l. p*r.

AUt.ivin,

104-

the fiid yearly 'Fund thill tcafe.

No other Bank shall be eretieJ by Fatliamenc during the Continuance of/ the said Privilege $ Her shall any Number if 'Bmk*rs in Part* neiOiip exceeding fix be allow-e<U

Conditions of 'Redemptiun*

What shall be deem*v a suffici* «i.t Notice.

[Public Act.]

[Preamble.]

Recital of to Geo. 1H. Cap. s».

D. 61. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which the (Vd Governor and Company, or their Successors, shall have remaining in their Hands, or be intitled to at the Time of such Notice to be given as afordaui, such Funds for Redemption whereof othfr Provision is made in and by one Ad of Pa.iiament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George thr Fi ft (intituled, An Act to triable the South Sea Company to dispose of the Effects in their Hands by H ay f Lottery or Subscription, or to Jeil Pa>t of their Fund or Annuity', payable at the Exchequer, in order to pay the Ddt t of the fas I Company \ and for Relief of such who were intended to have the Benefit of a late Act, touching Payment of Tin per Centum therein mentioned); and in and by one other Act or Parliament, made in me h li \ ear «.f the Reign or nis late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England at Four Pounds per Cemum, redeemable by Parliament, and charged up at the Duties on Coals and Culm; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund, an I for enlarging the Time for exchanging Nevis Wbaint Christ 'pht r’s Debentures for Annuities at Three pc. Centum, and for applying the Arrears of his late Majestys Civil Liji Revenues) \ and by one other Act ot ra Lament, m de in the second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty (intituled, ’An Act for roijing the Sum of one ten lion two hundred and fifty thoujana Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of fjti> Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund; and by one other Act of Parliament, made in the nineteen*h Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty (intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for cancelling certain Exchequer Bills upon the Terms therein mention'd, and for obdfivg th>m to advance the Sum of one Million upon the Credit of the Land Tax and Malt Duties, granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-six), always and < nly exeejted; then and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds shall ccaic and d* te.mine.

XII. And to prevent any Doubts that may ante concerning the PiiviD c or Power given, by former Acts of Parliament, to the said Governor and C ir.pany, of cxv lufive Banking, and also in regard to the

erecting any other Bank or Banks by Parliament, or n. draining oth r Permits from Bank ng during the

Continuance of the said Privilege, granted to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as before recited it is hereby further enacted and dec land by the Authorrv af ntf.iJ, That it L the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that no ntner Bank shall he erected, tftabliftud, or allowed by Parliament; and that it shall not be lawful for any Body Foiitic or Corporate wharf e er, eroded or to be erected, or for any other Persons, united or to be united in Covenants 0/ Partnership, exceeding the Number of six Persons, in that Part of Great Britain call'd England, to borrow, owe, or take up, any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes, payable at Demand, or at any le;s Turn than h\ Months from the borrowing thereof, during the Continuance of such laid Privilege to ’he said Governor and Company; who are hereby declared to be and remain a Corporation, with the Privil ge of exchjfive Banking, as befo e recited, subject to Redemption o. the Term* and Conditions before mentioned; that is to say, on one Year’s Notice, after the first Day of August, one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and Repayment of the three millions two hundred thousand P-unds, and all Arrears of the one bundled thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Inten d Money that shall be ow*ng them on all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds (fu<.h Funds as are before mentioned only and always excepted), which the said Governor and Company, or their Succtllo's mall have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid, and not otherwde; any Thing in this Act, or any so:mer Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That any Vote or Refotu-t’ron of the Houseuf C< mmons, signified by the Speaker of 1 he faith Houft in Writing, and delivered at the Public Office of the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, shall be deem d and adjudged to be a sufficient Notice, within the Words or Meaning of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, or, other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees for the better securing His Majesty's Decks, Ships and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at Plymouth.

WHEREAS by an Act made in (he last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to vefl certain Mj- fnages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fediting his Majesty's Doeas, Ship:, and Stores, at Plymomh and Sheeness \ and for bitter d<fending the Passage cj the River bames at Giovefend and Tilbury Fort), certain Mellung's, Lands, Tenements, and Pic*editamcn:>, therein mentioned to be n»in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, were, with other Mcllujges, Lands, ene- ment<, and H redicannents, situate in the Counties t>{ Kent and Essex, veiled in t^e Right Honourable Sir Fletcher No-ton, Kn:ghr, and other Persons therein mentioned, and their Heirs; in Trust neyerrhe- Jess for such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesnstical or Civil, as, at or immediately

A.D. 178r. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6i, 105

before the Time of making the said Act, were the several Owners and Proprietors thereof,

according to their respective Estates and Inrerefta therein, at the same Time, in PoflefCnn, Reversion,

Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and Interests should he respectively adjudged and determined*

or Possession thereof taken by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or Engineer, or other Officers ailing under their Authority, which they were thereby impowered to do, whenever it should be found necessary for his Majesty* Service, and the several Sum or Sums of Money, and Interest for the same, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for one Year, for the gross Sum that should be assessed for the true and real Value thereof, in Manner and Form therein mentioned, should be paid:

And it was by the said Act also enacted, That immediately after Payment should be made of the Sum and Sums of Money to be ascertained in Manner therein mentioned, as the Value of the Right and Interest of all Persons possessed of, or interested in, such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

unto the Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively, the said Trustees should be deemed and adj udged to stand seised of the Premises so paid for, to and for the Use of his Majesty, and his Heirs and Sucef- fors, forever, freed and discharged of and frptn all Right, Title, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, that could or might be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil:

1 And whereas his Majesty, by virtue of the said Act, and the Powers and Authorities to him given, issued Retinlof W»

his Commission, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster Letters

the twenty-first Day of August last, authorising and impowering certain Persons therein named, or any five or more of them, to do, perform, and execute, all Powers, Directions, Matters, and Things, in the u®‘ %l> 17 4 said Act contained, which determined by the said Act such Commissioners were authorised and required to do, perform and execute; and the said Act, and Commission issued in pursuance thereof, have been carried into full Execution, and been fully performed with respect to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as are situate in the Counties of Kent and Essex: But whereas, in executing the said Act, so far as the same relates to the Security of his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth, some Dif- Acuities have arisen with respect to the Description in the said Act given of the Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, intended to be purchased for better securing the Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth aforesaid: And whereas such of the said Lands as are necessary for the Purposes of the Security of his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth, have been surveyed, measured, and marked out, with a Boundary Line or Lines, and are and contain as herein after mentioned; that is to say. All those Pieces or Parcels of Land, with their Ap- DrfcripMonof purtenances, situate and being at Mount Pleasant, in the Manor and Parish of Stoke Damerell in the certain Undi County of Devon, herein after particularly mentioned (that is to say), all that Piece or Parcel of Land, oew Plymouth# 4 being Part of the Mount Estate, containing, by Admeasurement, five Acres, three Roods, thirty-five Perches, and three Quarters, being Part of a Field called Mount Field, in the Tenure or Occupation of Lieutenant Colonel Dixon, bounded on the North by Furze Park and Underbill Fields East by Mistress Mervyri*s Meadow and Mount Meadow, South by the said Mount Meadow, being all in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Lieutenant Colonel Dixon, and by the Lane leading from Stoke to Keyham Wood Fields, and on the Weft by the Weft Part of the said Mount Fields in the Tenure or Occupation of 4 Sa?r,uel Pike; also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, being the Weft Part of Mount Meadow, containing, by Admeasurement, three Roods and twenty-eighr Perches, bounding on the North Side by Mount Field, on the East by other Part of Mount Field, on the South by an Orchard, Garden, and Farm House, called Afount Farm House, and on the Weft by Mount Field aforesaid; all which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, with the Abuttals and Boundaries, are in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Lieutenant Colonel Dixon \ also all that Piece or Pared of Land, being Part of Furze Park, containing one Rood and thirty-six Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Lieutenant Colonel } Dixon, bounding North and Weft by Part of Furze Parky in the Tenure or Occupation of Samuel Pike,

East on the East Part of Mount Field aforesaid, and South on the Weft Part of /Mount Field aforesaid,

also in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Lieutenant Colonel Dixon; also all that Messuage or Tenement, Farm House, Outhouses, Yard, Garden, and Buildings, belonging to Mount Estate, containing, by Admeasurement, one Rood and twenty Perches, bounding North and East on Mount Mea~

dow9 and Part of Orchard Ground in the Occupation of the said Lieutenant Colonel Dixon, on the South on the Road leading from Stoke to Keyham Point Field, and on the Weft on Mount Field aforesaid,

in the Occupation of the said Lieutenant Colonel Dixon 5 also all that Part of an Oichard and Stable,

being Part of Black Pool Estate, in the Occupation of the said Lieutenant Colonel Dixon, containing,

by Admeasurement, ten Perches, bounding on the North by the Garden and Mount Field aforesaid, on the East on Part of Mount Field aforesaid, and on the other Part of the said Orchard in the Occupation of Master John Spurrill, find on the South by the Lane leading from Stoke to Keyham Wood Field; also all that small Part of Home Park, containing one Rood and one Perch, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Spurrill, bounding on the North by the said last mentioned Lane, and ton the South by Home Park aforesaid; and also all that Field or Parcel of Land called Lower Midway Field, situate in the Parish of Stoke Damerell aforesaid, containing, by Admeasurement, one Acre, three Roods, and four Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of John Thornton, bounding North on Keyham Wood Fields,

in the Tenure or Occupation of Mistress Susanna Croad, East on Upper Midway Field, Souih on a small Inclosure taken from the Lane leading from Keyham Wood Fields to Stoke, in the Occupition of the said John Thornton, and Weft on the Lane leading from Stoke to Keyham Wood Fields aforesaid; also all that other Field or Parcel of Land called Upper Midway Field, containing, determined by Estimation, two Acres, one / Rood, and fifteen Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation «if the said John Thornton, bounding North on the said Field, called Keyham Wood Field, in the Occupation of the said Mistress Croad, East on Lew Down, in the Occupation of John Hill, South on the said Lane, and Weft in Part on Lower Midway Field, and other P?rt on the said small inclosure \ also all that small Piece of Land taken from the said VOL. XIV. ParcL P 4 adjoining

C. 61. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 178/,

adjoining Lane leading fronfr Keyham Wood Fields to Stoke, containing, by Admeasurement, fifteen Perches, in the Occupation of the said John Thornton, bounding North on Lower Midway Field, and East on Upper Midway Field, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Thornton, and South on the said Lace j also all that Piece or Parcel of Land called Lew Down, containing together, by Admeasure- ment, two Acres, three Roods, and twenty*nine Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of John Hill, bounding North on Key ham Wood Fields, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Mistress Svjanna Croad, East on a Meadow called Wood Meadow, in the Tenure or Occupation of Richard Bowhay, South oil the said Lane, and Weft by Upper Midway Field, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Thorn 4 Un\ also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part of the Head Lands of Keyham Wood Fields, containing, by Admeasurement, three Roods and twelve Perches, in the Tenure or' Occupation of the said Susanna Croad', bounding North on the said Keyham Wood Fields, and on the East in Part on the Wcit Angle of Lower Ahdway Field aforesaid, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Thornton, and on other Part on the said Lane leading from Keyham Wood Fit Ids to Stoke aforesaid, on the South on Wood End Field, in the Tenure or Occupation of John Hill, and Weft on Keyham Point Field, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Lieutenant Colonel Dixon \ and aho all those Pieces or Parcels of Land firuate near the Manor Pound, including the Manor Pound in the Parish of Stoke Darner ell aforesaid, herein- after particularly mentioned (that is to say), All that Piece or Parcel of Ground being Part of Pound Field, or Great Broom Hall, containing, by Admeasurement, four Acres and twenty Perches, in the Occupation of Orlando Lockyer, bounding on the North in Part on Quarry Park, in the Occupation of Philip Richards, and on other Part on Ball's Garden, in the Occupation of Benjamin Hooper, and on Other Part on a Lane leading from Stoke Village to Stoke Church, on the East on the small remaining Part of the said Field, and the West End of Little Broom Ball Field, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, on the South in Part on the North Side of the said Little Broom Bail Field, on other Part on the Field called Sanctuary, in the Tenure or Occupation of William Ash. on other Part on Horse Park, in the Occupation of Thomas Alerryfield, and Weft on the said Manor Pound which stands in the said Field, and the Tavistock Turnpike Road; also all that Piece or Parcel of Land being Part of Little Broom Ball Field, containing, by Admeasurement, two Roous and thirty-three Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, bounding North and Weft on Great Broom Ball Field aforesaid, on the Ealt on the remaining Part of Little Broom Ball Field afore (a id, in the Tenure or Occupa- tion of the said Orlando Lockyer, on the South by the Glebe Land called The Sanctuary, in the T enure or Occupation of the said William Ash\ also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, being Glebe Land, called The Sanflury, containing, by Admeasurement, one Acre, two Roods and thirty-five Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said William Ash, bounding North on Great and Little Broom Ball Fields aforesaid, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, East and South on the remaining Part of The SanEluary, and Weft on Horse Park Field, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Thomas Merryfield\ also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part of Horse Park Fiell, containing, by Admeasurement, one Rood and four Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Thomas Merryfield, bounding North on the said Turnpike Road, and by the Pound Field, in the Occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, East on the Sanctuary Field aforesaid. South on the remaining Part of the said Horse Park, and Weft on Pound Close, in the Tenure or Occupation of Jof Fort; also all that small Piece or Paicel of Land, being Part of Pound Close aforesaid, containing, by Admeasurement, eight Perches, bounding North and Weft on the Turnpike Road leading from Dock to Tavistock, East on Horse Park Field aforesaid, and South on the remaining Part of the said Pound Close; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Land herein after mentioned, situate and being on Stonehouse Hill, in the Parish and Manor of East Stonehouse, in the said County of Devon (that is to say). All that Piece or Parcel of Land laying on the North Side of Stonehouse Hill, being Part of Middle Hill Field, containing, by Admeasurement, three Roods and eight Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of Thomas Warn, bound- ingon the North on Garden Ground called Pool Field, East on Ea/l Hill Field, and Weft by the remain- ing Part of the said Middle Hill Field, being all in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Thomas Warn, and the South Angle thereof to Stonehouse Hill, in the Tenure or Occupation of Mistress Srfanna Croad\ 4 also all that Field called Ea/l Hill, lying ^n the North Side of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid, containing, by Admeasurement, three Acres, one Rood, and twenty-one Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Thomas Warn, bounding Weft on Middle Hill Field, North on Pool Field and Kiln Lane Field, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Thomas Warn, East on the East End of Stonehouse Hill, and South on the North Side of the said Stonehouse Hill, in the Occupation of the said Mistress Croad; also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid, containing, by Admeasurement, five Acres and fix Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Susanna Croad, bounding North on the South Side of East Hill Field, in the Occupation of the said Thomas ll’a'-n, and the Road leading from Alill Bay Lime kilns to Stonehouse, East on the East End of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid, South on Mill Bay at the Bottom of Rocky Cliff, which is included in the Admeasurement, and Weft on the East Side of East Hill, and the West End of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid; and also that Piece or Parcel of Land, with its adjoining Cliff or Sea Bank, being Part of Mount Batten Field, in the Parish of Plymstock, in the said County of Devon, containing, by Admeasurement, sixteen Acres, one Rood, eighteen Perches, and two Thirds of a Perch, in the Tenure or Occupation of Christopher Rouse, bounding North on the Har- hour of Catwater, East on the remaining Part of the said Fieid, South on Plymouth Sound, and Weft on the Channel, at the Entrance into Sutton Pool and Catwater; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Land, being Part of the Glebe Land of the Vicarage of Maker, situate on the Heights of Maher, in the Parish of Alaker, in the said County of Devon (that is to say), All that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or P*fture Land called Parson s Aleadcw, containing, by Admeasurement,- one Acre and twenty-two Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the Right Honourable George Viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Vallewt, 5 4 bounding

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo

bounding North and East on Broad Pari, South on other Church Land?, and Weft ort Par fan's Meadow Vaforesaid, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said George Viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort y also \ all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Land, being Part of Parsons 'Meadow, containing, by Ad-

measurement, one Acre and three Roods, in the 7 enure or Occupation of the said George Viscount

Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, bounding on the North on Alorgan's Meadow, East on Broad Park and

Parson's Meadow* South on other Church Lands, and Weft on the remaining Part of the said Parsons ‘ Meadow, also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Ground, containing, by Admeasurement,

four Acres and twenty Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said George Viscount Mount Edge-\ cumbe and Valletort, bounding on the North on the Turnpike Road leading from Crimhlc Ferry to AlilU \ brook, and on the Church Green, East on the said Church Green and Broad Park, South on Broad"Park and Parforis Meadow, and Weft on the remaining Part of the said Morgans Meadow, also all that Piece 4. or Parcel of Land called Broad Park, containing, by Admeasurement, three Acres, two Roods, and thirty-five Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said George Viscount Mount Edgecumbe and

Valletort, bounding on the North-west on Morgan's Meadow aforesaid, North-east on other 1*art of the said Broad Park, South and South-west on Parson's Meadow aforesaid; also all that Piece of Land called

Cross Park, containing, by Admeasurement, fix Acres, two Roods, and nine Perches, in the Tenure ‘ or Occupation of John Boger Esquire,' bounding North in Part on Wood Park* in the Occupation of the 4- said John Boger, on other Part on George Viscount Alotint Edgecumbe and Valletort and Ker ley's Woods*

bounding the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, in the Tenure or Occupation of William Ehvorthy, East on Anderton's Meadow, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said George Viscount Mount Edgecumbe and V Valletort, South on the Turnpike Road leading from Crimble Ferryio Millbrook, and Weft on Oxen ‘Park, in the Tenure or Occupation of John Lafkry, also all that Piece or Parcel of Land called Wood ‘'Park, containing, by Estimation, three Acres, three Roods, and seven Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Boger, bounding North-east by KerleyWood aforesaid, South on Cross Park and Oxen Park, and Weft on higher Oxen Park and The Clarick, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Lafkey; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Land situate near Tor Point, in the Parish of Anthony, in the County of Cornwall, herein after particularly mentioned (that is to say). All that Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part of a Field called Pleasure House Field, containing, by Admeasurement,

three Acres, two Roods, and twenty-nine Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation*of Rear Admiral ‘ Thomas Gravest bounding North on the Turnpike Road leading from Tor Point into Cornwall South on Quarry Park, in the Tenure or Occupation of John Dunrich, and on Rope Walk Field, in the Occu- patron of Francis Hill, South-west on Poppy McqJorv, and North-west on the said Pleasure House Fitld%

in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Admiral y also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Paftiire Ground, being Part of the said Poppy Meadow, containing, by Admeasurement, one Rood and fifteen Perches, bounding on the North-east by the said Pleasure House Field, South-east on Quarry Park aforesaid. North-west on the remaining Part of the said Poppy Meadow, also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part of a Field called Rope House Field, containing, by Admeasurement, two Acres, one Rood, and twenty-one Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Francis Hill, bounding North on Pleasure House Field aforesaid, South-east by the remaining Part of the said Rope Walk Fields and 4, Weft by Quarry Park aforesaid y also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part of New Park, con- taming, by Admeasurement, one Rood and thirteen Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Dunrich, bounding on the North-east and South-east on Quarry Park aforesaid, and North-west by 4 "New Park aforesaid; also all that Piece or Parcel of Land being; Part of*a Park called Quarry Parky ‘ containing, by Admeasurement, fevertteen Acres, ohe Rood, and twelve Perches, in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Dunrich, bounding North on Pleasure House^ Field aforesaid, North-east on Robe ‘ Aimfe Field aforesaid, South-east by the South-east Pait of the said Quarry Park and the Beach Ficldy ‘ South-west by the Road leading from Tor Point to Carbcal, North-west by the South-west Part of the said Quarry Park, by the South-east and North-east Angle of New Park aforesaid, and by the South-east Part of Peppy Meadow aforesaid, and all Ways, Waters, Rights, Water'-‘ courses, Casements, Privileges and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Messuage or Tenement,

Barn, Stable, Pound, and Premises, belonging or in anywise appertaining:* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the'

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said recited Act mentioned to be situate in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, and vested in the said Sir Fletcher Norton, and the other Persons therein named, and their Heirs, for the s in the said Act mentioned, and not herein-before particularly set forth and described, shall be. and the same are hereby diverted out of the said Sir Fletcher Norton, and the said other Persons, and their Heirs; and the same, and every Part and Parcel thereof, shall be, and are hereby reverted in the several and respective Persons in whom the same were vested at the Time of the passing of the said Act, their several and respective Heirs, Executofs, Administrators, and Assigns, in such and the same Manner as if the said Act bad not been made; the said Act, or any Thing therein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments herein-before particularly mentioned and described, and every Part and Parcel thereof, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, being Part of the Lands described, or meant to be described, by the said recited Act, (had be, and the same are hereby declared to be continued vested in the said sir Fletcher. Norton, and the said several other Persons, and their Heirs, to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes in the said recited Act mentioned and expressed; any Error, Deficiency, Fletcher Norton* 01 Inaccuracy of Description in the said recited Act, or this Act, notwithstanding. &c*

All the Messuages, Land?, dec. in the recited Act mentioned, and vrfted in Sir Fletcher Norton, fed. and not in this Act particularly described, shall be diverted out of the said Sir Fletcher Norton, Arc.;

But all those particularly described in this /Nftrtull coa-,tinue vertfed m* 1 the Cud Sir

io8

If Lord Edge-cumbe Gull grant such a Lease of hit Lind*, dec. in tb« Manor of StoDehouse, at be it enacted to do by an Art of 10 Geo. )U. to Sir Fletcher 'Norton, or any Perfena an-thoriied by his Majesty, for the Purposes a fore-hid,

then the bid Lands, Ac, shall be diverted oat of the said Sir Pletcber Norton, &c. and be reverted in Lord td^ecumto, &c.

All the Powers and Regulations in the recited Act relating Ij the Lands, Ac, therein mentioned, Gull ei* tend to the Lands, &c. described in this AO.

Coasmiffio nen

to adjourn from Pay to Day.

Proceedings of Commissionert not to be none* etflarily delajei.

Torort to take a View of the Pltmifcfj Ac*

CnflMntlfinnea So allow to (he Proprietors and Occupiers <w the

C. 6l. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall be it any Time hereafter agreed between any Person or Persons authorised by, and on the Behalf of, his Majesty, and the Right Honourable George Viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Vullctot/, that 1 Lease or Grant shall be made and executed by the said George Viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, unto the said Sir Fletcher Norton, and the several other Trustees in the said former Act named, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated and agreed on in that Behalf, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Purposes aforesaid, of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, herein-before particularly described, situate within the Manor of Stonehouse other wise Eqjl Stonehouse aforesaid, whereof he is Owner or Pro* prieior, for so long a Term, and under as low a Rent and Pine, and as few and re*sonable Conditions, Restrictions, and Exceptions, and with such perpetual Right of Renewal, and all such other Powers, Liberties, and Advantages, as the said George Viscount Alount Edgecumbe and Valletort is enabled to dc-mise or grant the same, under or by virtue of the Powers or Authorities of a certain Act made and passed in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Lord Edgecumbe to grant Building Leaf s of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments. within the Manor of Stonehouse otherwise East Stonehouse in the County of Devon, or such other Rent, Fine, Conditions, Re-ftridiions, Exceptions, Rights, Powers, Liberties, or Advantages, as can or may be agreed on, and the said George Viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort shall make and execute such Lease or Grant accordingly; then, and in such Calc, and immediately thenceforth, the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in such Lease or Grant comprikd, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby accordingly diverted out of the said Sir Fletcher Norton, and the said other Persons, and their Heirs, freed and discharged from the Ends and Purposes of the said former Act; and the same, and every Part and Parcel thereof, shall be, and are hereby reverted in the said George Viscount Alount Edge-cumbe and Valletort, and the several other Persons in whom the same were verted at and immediately before the passing of the said former Act, and his and their respective Heirs for such Estate or Ertates, in such and the same Plight, Condition, and Manner, as the same were then so vested in them respectively, and should or would, at the Time of the Delivery of the aforesaid Lease or Grant, have beep verted, in case the said former Act had not been made\ any Thing the rein, or in this present Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provifmns, Regulations, ind Clauses, in the said recited*Ad contained, as relate to the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned to be situate in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, shall be and continue in full Force and Effed, and shall extend to, and shall be executed and performed with regard to all and every the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, herein-before mentioned and described, as fully and effectually as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act \ and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners named in the said Letters Patent, or any five or more of them, notwithstanding any former Adjournment, to meet, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, for the fpiedy Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and shall and may adjourn themselves to such Time and Place as they shall think proper.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained shall impower the said Commissioners to adjourn for any longer Time than from Day to Day, Sundays excepted, till the Value of the Lands so to be purchased shall be ascertained; and that in cale a proper Number of Commissioners shall not attend at any Meeting for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Commissioner then present, and they and he are and is hereby authorised and required to adjourn such Meeting.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all Cases where it shall be found necessary that the Value of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, and the interest of every Person therein respectively, should be settled and ascertained by a Jury, no Obstruction or Delay shall be given to the Proceedings of the said Commissioners or Jury, at any Meeting where such Jury shall attend for such Purpose, on accrunt of a previous View not having been taken of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, by the said Jury, or a proper Number of such Jury 5 but it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners then present, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, either for their own Satisfaction, or that of any of the Parties interested, to cause the Jurors, or so many of them as the Commissioners shall think requisite, immediately to repair to the particular Messuage, or Particular of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, the Value whereof IhTI be then under their Consideration, in order to view the fame; and Rich Jurors shall, and they are hereby accordingly required immediately to take such View before any Verdict, as to the true and real Value of such Messuage, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall be given in by Rich Jury.

VII. And whereas, in consequence of the said recited Act, and of the Appointment of Commissionen for carrying the same into Execution, the Proprietors and Occupiers of the Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, hereby reverted, were put to Expence in procuring proper Surveys, Plans, and Valuations, of the Lid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament, to be taken and made, and for the Attend- ance of Counfe), Agents, and Witness'es, before the said Co-nrniflioi.ers, to make out the several Claims, and ascertain the Value of the respective Interests of the different Claimants; and also in preparing to quit the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in order that the Possession thereof might be delivered to the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnanre, or Engineers, or other Officers acting under their Authority, when they he said Proprietors and Occupiers should he thereunto required, for all which Expence and Damages no ;*rovision is ma x by the said recited Act; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners, already appointed under and by virtue of the said recited Act, or to be appointee tn<i^r and by v;r;ue of this present Act, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to inquire into, ascertain, afiefs, and allow to

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6a.

109

1*

Preamble, Recital of an Act Sand 9 Col. III.

the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so revefled as aforesaid, reverted u*k, Inch Costs, Damages, and Expences, as they have sustained or been put unto by reason or means of the *c- *VE*: several Matters aforesaid.

been put unto in confe<joeoce of the reared Act.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That the said Commissioners shall not be hereby authorised to allow any ProWfe rehti'af Thing for the Attendance of Counsel, unless they shall be of Opinion that the particular Case required to the Allow-such Attendance, which Opinion they mall certify in their Decree; and that they shall not be authorised *ftCC ftiT A* in any Calc to allow for more than one Counsel, nor more to any Counsel than they shall judge to be a fufRcient Compensation to such Counsel for the Time he actually attended, although he may have been. C employed by different Clients; in which Case the Sum so adjudged shall be allowed in equal Shares to each of the Clients who may have employed him.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs, so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and also an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for the Prevention of the Clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty's Dominions; to permit the Importation of Orchillia Weed and Cobalt, during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irish or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and Essequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the British Islands in the West Indies.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King Wit-1 Ham the Third, intituled, An Act for the lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs; after reciting that. Whereas by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, ASubfidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable uton Merchandizes exported and importedit was provided, That all Drugs, imported directly from the Place of their Growth in English built Shipping, be rated one thiid Part of what is charged in the Boole of Rates, and no more *, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Subsidy to be received for all Drugs imported directly from the Place of their Growth in English built Shipping, shall be according to the full Value on the respective Species enumerated in the Book of Rates, and not according to the said Abatement; and for ail Drugs otherwise imported. Treble such full Value: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Drugs, the Growth of Russia, imported from certain Ports in Russia, which were not subject to, and under the Dominion of,

the Ruffian Empire, at the Time of passing the said recited Act, can be now imported from such Ports upon Payment of the single Duty ;’ for obviating which Doubts, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, all Drugs of the Growth, Produc-rion, or Manufacture, of any Part of the Dominions of Russia, which shall be laden and shipped at any Port or Place subject to and within the said Ruffian Dominions, and imported from thence ;n British built Shipping into this Kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to be imported directly from the Place of their Growth, Production, or Manufacture, and shall be liable to and pay Duties accordingly *, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of his Majestys Revenue of Customs\ and for the Encouragement of Officer1 making Seizures', and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of his Majestfs Dominions; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs to cause all Ships, Vessels, and Boats, and all Goods, of what Kind soever they may be (excepting only such Vessels, Boats, and Goods, as are by 1 Law liable to be burnt), which shall be seized by any Officers of the Customs for unlawful Importation,

or for Nonpayment of Duties, or for any other Cause of Forfeiture, and condemned according to Law,

1 to be sold publicly to the best Bidder, at such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and all and every Officer who shall seize such Goods, shall, for his and their Encouragement, be allowed by 1 the said Commissioners one Moiety of the neat Produce arising by the Sale of tuch Seizure, after the deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale from the Whole; and the said Commissioners (half cause the other Moiety thereof to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in lieu of his Majesty's Share thereof (excepting in those Cases which are otherwise provided for by the said Act):

And whereas it is by the said Act provided and further enacted, That if the Produce of any particular Seizure, fold in pursuance of the said Act, shall not be fufRcient to answer the Expences of Cundemna- lion and Sale, or if, upon the Trial of any Seizure, a Verdict shall be given for the Claimant, and the

Ship

After July *0, 178»f «i! Drug* the ProduQiou of Ruftu, imported from thence In British built Shipping, stall be deemed to be imported from the Place of their Growth, ice.

Recital of 3 Geo. lU. Cap. aa.

no

How the Charge* of Scigure, Condemnation) &c. shall be defrayed) of Vessels condemned to be taint, &c.

Orchillia Weed and Cobalt may be imported, during the present HoMitie#, in British or Irish Vessels, or in Neutral Vessell, without paying any Duty,

Recital of 6 Geo. III. Cap.

Natal Officer, &c. impowered to take Securities, and grant Certificates, for such Sugar, until proper Officer!. or the Custom» fin!) be appointed.

Sugar* may be imported from Demeraiy, &c.

Ct 62. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Ship or Goods shall not be condemned^ in either of those Cases it shall and may be lawful for the Com*

roissioners of his Majesty's Customs to order the Charges attending the seizing and prosecuting such Ship or Goods, to be paid out of any Bramh of the Revenue of the Customs which is by Law applicable to

the Payment of Incidents: And whereas it is not reasonable that such Part of the public Revenue, which is by Law applicable to the Payment of Incidents, should be burthened with the Expences of prosecuting such Seizures, but, on the contrary, that such Charges and Expences, and other Law Charges, and Expences of Management, where it may be judged necessary by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, should be defrayed out of the Produce arising by the Sale of Seizures which are condemned :’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Goods, shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, which are by Law liable on Condemnation to be burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or where the Produce arising by the Sale of any particular Seizure shall not be sufficient to answer the Expences of seizing, prosecuting, or condemning the (amc; or if upon any Trial a Verdict shall be given for the Claimant, or the Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Goods, so seized, shall not be condemned; in either of those cases, it shall and may be law iul for the Commissioners of hu Majesty's Customs, if they think proper, to order the Charges arising by the Condemnation and Sale, and by the Seizure and Prosecution of such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, or Goods, whether they shall be condemned or not, and all Manner of Law Bills, and other Charges of Management, to be paid out of his Majesty's Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of any Goods which have been, or may be seized and condemned, in like Manner as may now be done out of any other Branch of the Revenue of the Customs, which is by Law applicable to the Payment of Incidents; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Custom or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas Orchillia Weed is very useful and necessary in the dying Manufactures, and, by reason of the present Hostilities, it cannot be now imported into this Kingdom directly from the Place of c its Growth, in Ships navigated according to the Laws now in Force, without great Hazard and Expence to the Importers thereof: And whereas-6VW/ is very necessary in Medicine and various Manufactures, and it is expedient at this Time to encourage the Importation thereof into this Kingdom;’ Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twentieth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and during the present Hostilities with France, Spain, and the United Provinces, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into any Part of Great Britain any Orchillia Weed and Cobalt, from any Port or Place whatsoever, in any British or Irish Ship or Vessel navigated according to Law, or in any foreign Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by foreign Seamen, without paying any Custom ot Duty whatsoever for the same, so as a due Entry be first made thereof at the Custom-house belonging to the Port into which such Orchidia Weed and Cobalt shall be imported, in the same Manner and Form as was used and practised before the making of this Act, and so as the same shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose, otherwise such Orchillia Weed and Cobalt shall be liable to the same Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if this Act had not been made; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Ditties, in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain; and for granting other Duties m/lead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America; it is, amongst: other Things, enacted, That all Sugars which shall be imported into Great Britain from any Part of the British Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America, shall be deemed and taken to be French Sugars; And whereas the Colonies of Demerary and Ejfcquibos on the Continent of America, formerly under the Dominion of the States General of the United Provinces, have lately surrendered to his Majesty's Arms, and being now in his Pofllifion, it is reasonable and expedient, for the Encouragement of the Sugar Planters in those Colonies, that Sugars of the Growth and Produce thereof should be deemed British Sugars Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fourteenth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, all Sugar, the Growth and Produce of the said Colonies of Demerary and Ejjiquibo, shall be deemed and taken to be British) Sugars, and shall and may be exported from thence, and imported into this Kingdom, upon Payment of the same Duties, and upon Exportation intitled to the same Drawback, as Sugars the Growth and Produce of any British Island in the West Indies; and shall in all Respects be subject and liable to the same Securities, Certificates, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Sugars the Growth and Produce of the British J/lands in the West Indies are subject and liable to by Law; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until there shall be Officers of his Majesty's Customs appointed for that Purpose in the said Colonies of Demerary and Ejfequibo, it shall and may be lawful for the Naval Officer, or any other Officer appointed by the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces in America, or the Commanding Officer of the Troops at those

Colonies respectively, to take such Securities, and to qrant such Certificates and Clearances, as by any Law in Force may be required for such Sugar, which shall be as valid and efreftual, to all Intents and Purposes, as those taken and granted in the like Cases by his Majesty's Governors or the Officers of his Majesty's Customs in America.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Sugars shall be impoited into Great Britain from Demerary or lljjcquiho, or from any British Colony or Plantation in America, without the Certificate herein-before directed, and it shall be made appear, to the

Satisfaction

e

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63.

m

without a Certificate, provided no Fraud vras intended, on Payment of the usual Duties*

Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London or Edinburgh rftfpfcflively, that such Sugars are really and truly the Produce of Demerory or Effequiboy and that no Fraud was intended, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to permit the said Sugars to be entered, upon Payment of the like Duties as Sugars of the Growth and Produce of the British((lands in the West Indiei are subj$& and liable Co by Law*

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great Prejudice and Detriment which A<5b of Insolvency produce to Trade and Credit, it may be convenient, in the present Condition of the Gaols in this Kingdom, that some of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at Liberty be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the p.dfiing of this Aall and every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons who, upon the first Day of "January^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, was or were, under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the Time of making out every such Lift shall be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of any Prison respectively, upon any Procefe whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt,

Damag, Costj, Sum or Sums of Money, Contempt, or otherwise; and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace, at their first or second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace to be held after the passing of this Aor at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, within the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, whose Prison was burnt, destroyed, or broken open, between the second and the eighth Days of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, by divers evil-minded and disorderly Persons, and from whence the Prisoners then confined therein were set at Urge, is and are hereby required to make out a like true, exa<3, and perfect Lift of all and every the Prisoner and Prisoners who were so set at large, and who was or were in the Custody of any Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison, upon any Process whatsoever for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money,

Contempt, or otherwise; and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were detained; distinguishing which of the said Prisoners surrendered or offered to surrender themselves, on or before the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to the Gaoler or Keener of any Prison from whence such Person or Persons was or were set at large as aforesaid $ and shall deliver the same with the said Lift so dirt&ed to be made out and delivered as aforesaid.

rendered themselves, Scc% before

III. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty's Prison of the and Marshal of Warden of the the King’s Bench Prison. shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners in their respect Flte'* *c* to

live Custody, take an Oath, in the open Court of such General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at some *!" an °*?h 011 Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; (that is to say,) Lift""08

Alphabetical Vi fit to be made oat of Prisoners in Custody for Debt on Jab. 1, 1781 j

with the Time when charged, and at whose Suit.

Lifts to be delivered to the Quarter Session*.

Gaolers within London, &c. whose Prison* were burnt or broke open between June % and 8, 1780. and the Prison-eit set at large, are to make out and deliver like Lists of Prison-era who were then in their Custody; diflir*guishing those who fur-Sept. t, 1780,

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and The Oith.

A declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted in the first

Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, marked with the Letter (B), was and were, to

thebeftof my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol

of 'insert the Name of toe Prison], and was or were set at large when the said Prison was burnt down, destroyed, or broke open, between the second and eighth Days of Junet

one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons-therein respectively mentioned; and also that such of the said Persons, whose Names are inserted or contained in the second Part of the said Lift, now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, surrendered, or tendered themselves to surrender, on or before the first Day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at the respective Times therein mentioned j and that none of such Persons so surrendered, or

tendered, to nry Knowledge, or with my Privity, voluntarily, or with Design, or in Expectation to take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered themselves, or were committed to the said Prison, or got their Names entered as Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison.’

And that every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison or Prison*, in any County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Place, or Liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such Lift respectively, take an Oath in the open Court of the General Quarter Session. or General Session of the County, City, Town, Division, Liberty, or Place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such Lift, and swear to the E&& following > (that is to say,)

‘I A.B,

All other Oko!-ers, on delivering in the:r Lift?, to tjvJte the following

I 13

Oath.

Gaolers in London, &c. whose Prison* wete burnt or broke oprn (except, &c.), Jkal), on delivering rhrir Lift*, take the following Oatiu

Oath* to be ad-

ministered by the Justicet in Court, an<i entered and fub-rcr bed at the Bottom of the Lifts*

Lift< to be kept by t hr CL rk of the Peace,

Three CopWi of Lifts to be fixed of in each Pri-foa, Ik*

C. 62. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

T A* B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do foletrmly (wear, profess, and 4 X declare. That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Nantes are inserted or contained in the first Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my Know- ledge and Belief, upon the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, really and truly Prisoners, in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of at the Suit or Suita

of the ft-veral Persons therein respectively mentioned j and also thit all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the lerond Pa-t of the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, iince the said fi ft Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, been committed or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of

[if any such Prisoner or Prisoners hath or have, fnce the saidf\fl Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, been committed or surrendered to such Gael or PtiJon]% at the Suit or Suits of the feverst Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned, except [if any Exception is necessary] such Persons as

are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other Prison by Process of Law, or to have escaped out of such Prism, without my Privity, Knowledge, or 1 Consent, since the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and that all and every of them, whose Name and Names is and are contained in the first Part of the said Lift (except

as before excepted), to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, hate really and truly continued in a£bul

Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of ever iince the said first Day of January,

1 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and that the said Lift is a true, exact, perfect, and just Lift

of all such Persons as were really and truly Prisoners, in actual Custody, in tn«? said Gaol or Prison of on the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one,

and who, since the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, have been really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of (except

as before excepted), to the Best of my Knowledge and Belief; and that none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have voluntarily, or with Design, or in Expectation, to take any Bc- nefit from or under any Act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered or been committed to the said Prison of or got his, her, or their Name or Names

entered as Prisoner or Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison, or, since their Commitment, have, to

my Knowledge, or with my Privity, resided out of the said Prison of [if any

have fodone, then add, except, infer ting their Names.]

And every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, within the City of London, and Counties of Middirsex ind Surrey, whose Prisons were burnt down, destroyed, or broke open, as aforesaid, except the said Marftial and Warden, shall also, at the Time when he delivers such Lift, as bcrcin-before directed, of the Prisoners then tet at large, take his corporal Oath to the Effcdl following; (that is to say,)

T A% B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and 4 1 declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whole Name or Names is or are inserted and contained in the first Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, maiktd with the Letter (B), was and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody in the Prison or Gaol of [infrt the Name of the Prison], who was or were set at

large when the said Prison was burnt down, destroyed, or broke open, between the ftcond and eighth Days of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at the Suit or Suits of the foveral Person or rcr- fons therein respectively mentioned; and also that such of the said Persons, whose Names are inserted or contained in the fecor.d Part of the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, did surrender, or offer to surrender, before the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at the respective Times therein mentioned; and that none of such Persons so surrendered, or offered to be surrendered, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, voluntarily, or with Design, or in Expedition,

to take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliam nt to be made for Rebel of Insolvent Debtors,

surrendered themselves or were committed to the said Prison, or got their Names entered as Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison/

Which said respective Oaths the said Justices, at the first or fecor.d General Quarter Session or Genenl Seflton aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; And the Words of the said Oath herein-before directed to be taken by the said Warden and Marshal respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall he subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and the Words of the Oa;h to be taken by every such Gaoler or Keeper respectively shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court: And every such Lift which shall befo delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer a$ing as Clerk of the Peace, of every such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively, in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Jufhccs, and Informati on of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named; and so as the same may, from Time to Time, be fecn and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Gaoler and Gaolers, and Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby required, ten Days at lead before the first or second General Quarter SefEon or General Session of the Peace shall be hclJ, after the paling of this Act, for the County,

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63.

County, Riding^ Division, City, Town, PI*ce, or Liberty, in which any Gaol or Prison shall be, or to which the same belong, to fix; up in some conspicuous Place or Places, in every such Prison, and at the most frequented and usual Gate, Door, or Entrance into every such Prison, three or more true Copies of the List or Lists proposed or intended to bp delivered in by any such Gaoler or Keeper at the said General Quarter Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Debts respectively shall not amount, in the Whole, to a greater Sum than five hundred Pounds, and whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who were let at large, by and upon the burning, destroying, or breaking open of the Prisons aforesaid, and who surrendered, or did surrender, before the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift, to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, on the first Day of "January, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody, and surrendered, or offered to surrender himself, herself, or themselves, as aforesaid, who, upon the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively of this Kingdom, and did not come into, or get his, her, or their Names entered in the Book of any Gaol or Prison as a Prisoner or Prisoners there, with a View or Design to take the Benefit of some Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who shall take the Oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform, on his or her Part, what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, shall be for ever released and discharged and exonerated, in such Manner as hereafter is provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and at the Time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall be so petitioned, a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her real and personal Estate, to be sworn to at the first or second General Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the first or second next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held, as the Case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes which he, she, or they, is or are charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; for which Copy or Copies of Cause or causes such Prisoner shall apply to the said Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison, or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other Person who shall make out and transcribe the same, at least six Days before the Time of his or her Discharge; and such Prisoner shall pay for the same the Sum of two Shillings, and no more, for making out, transcribing, and signing the fame; which Warrant of every such Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler or Keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII. And be it also enacted, That the Copy of every Schedule, which shall be left with any such Justice or Justices, shall, within ten Days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted, by the Justice or Justices with whom the same shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to insped the same.

VIII. And be it also enacted, That every such Justice or Justices who shall refuse or omit, for the Space oftqn Days, to transmit the Copy of the Schedule, so left with him as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the fame; and one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered,

- go to the Party who prosecutes for the fame; and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who were set at large, and surrendered or tendered themselves to be surrendered, as aforesaid, and who shall be desirous of taking the Benefit of this Act, shall, before the Publication of the first Notice herein after required, deliver to the Clerk of the Peace, or Person acting as Cletk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, or Person atfting as Town Clerk, for the County or City in which the Prison is situated from whence such Person or Persons was or were set at large, or to which he or she was surrendered or tendered to be surrendered, as aforesaid, a true Copy of the Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her real and personal Estate, to \>e sworn to at the first or second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor and Debtors, who shall interid to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this Act as aforesaid, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in three several London Gazettes, previous to such General Quarter Session or General Session, or the Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made, if such Debtor or Debtors be confined in, or were set at large from, or surrendered or tendered to be furrjendered to, any Gaol in L!ondony or within the Vqi.XIV. Part I. Q_. weekly

Per fort* inserted in the Lids, who were ftt at large as aforesaid, and who surrendered before Sept, j, 1780, &c.

and conforming to this Act, shall be discharged.

Justices, on Petition of any Prisoner, and hi» delivering a Schedule of bit Estate,

may issue their Warrant for bringing him to the Quarter Siflione, &c.

with the Warrant of his Detainer, &c.

Schedule of the Prisoner's Estate to be tranhnit-ted to the Clerk of the Peace, for Inspection of Creditors.

Any Justice, omitting for tfn Days to tri»fi*it a Copy of the Schedule to the Clerk of the Peace, &c. shall forfeit 101,

All Persons set at large as a fore* Did, who would take the Benefit of this Act, mufb deliver to the Cletk of the Peace, Sec. before Publication of the first Notice, a Schedule ot their Eftme. Debtors intending to petition for their DiD charge, are to ftive previous Notice thriJe in the Gatctte, &c.

H4

G. 63.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

weekly Bills of Mortality; and if such Debtor shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London, or the weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in focne Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be fa in Custody; containing (he Name, Trade, and Occupation, and two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, or from whence he, she, or they were set at large, and to which he, she, or they surrendered or tendered to be surrendered, as atore-said, and of his, her, or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act; and mention ng such Notice in each Gazette ox Newspaper, to be the first, second, or thud Notice, according to the Time of publishing each of such Notices; and for theinferting of each of which said several Notices in the said Gazette, or in any odier Newspaper, there shall be paid each Time, by every such Prisoner, Two-pence, and no more: T he first of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other Newspapers, as the Case may require, twenty-one Days at lead, and the last of the said Notices six Days at least, before any such first or second General Quarter Session or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution, or on mesne Process, or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

XI. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient Time to consider the Matters and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors/ be it further enacted, That every such Debtor, when he or she shall (according to the Directions of this Act) publish the first Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, he or she shall, in such to the cooler Notice*, declare that the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her real and personal and to declare the Estate (to be sworn to in Manner as by this Act directrd), is lodged in the Hands of the Gaoler or Keeper, fame in his first or the Deputy of such Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison wherein any such Debtor shall be confined, or

Contents of the Notice.

ad. to be paid eachTime for in* ferting Notices. When Notices to be inleiicd.

Beery Debtor to deliver a Schedule of his Estate

Notice, &c.

On Neglect*

thereof, to be reman Jed back, to Prison.

Gaoler to atfeft the Debtor’s Signature to his Schedule, and give h»m a Duplicate thereof; and also to give a Copy to any Creditor who requests it.

Caoler, &c. on

Neglect, to forfeit 201.

r Form of Debtor's ? Notice.

Notice to be signed by the Debtor, &c.

Debtor being brought into Court, ind Publication of Notices proved, bCt

from whence he or she was set at large, and to which he or she was surrendered, or tendered to be furren-dered, as aforesaid; and every such Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, as the Case may be, before he shall publish such first Notice as aforesaid, signed by his or her own Christian and Surname, to be attested by any such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy; and in case any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such Schedule to such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, prior to such his first Notice, to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due Proof made of such Neglect, to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Debtor shall make Application, shall, if a Pri* fpner, be remanded back to Prison, there to remain till he or she shall have complied with the Directions aforesaid; and, if not a Prisoner, he or she shall lose and forfeit the Benefit of this Act: And every such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the Signature of the Debtor 3 Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the Original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by him ft If, upon Request made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose, in Writing; such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within three Days after Demand made, on Payment for each Schedule after the Rate of Sixpence per Sheer, each Sheet to contain seventy two Words, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words; and in case such Creditor shall only search or examine such Schedule, then such Creditors shall pay for every such Search and Examination, the Sum of one Shilling; And if any such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him respecting such Schedule, every such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for and recover the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Debtor, in Manner directed by this Act, shall be to the Effect following; videlicet,

T [irfert the Name, Trade, Occupation, and two laji Placet of Abode, if so many] now

confined in, or set at large from, and surrendered, or tendered to be surrendered to (as the Case maybeJ

{insert the Name of the Prison and County,] and being not indebted in the whole to a greater Amount

than to the Sum of five hundred Pounds, do hereby give this public Notice, being [insert the first,

second or third, as the Case may be,] that I do intend to fake the Benefit of an Act passed in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain cases); [and if it be the first Notice, then add] and I do hereby give

Notice, that a true and perfect Schedule, containing a Discovery of all my real and personal Eftare, best- after to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same, in Mansur aforesaid, to the Gaoler or Keeper, or his Deputy, of the said Prison

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Debtor, and countersigned by the Gaoler or Keeper, or Deputy of such Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as aforesaid, not being indebted in the Whole to a greater Amount than to the Sum of five hundred Pounds, who shall apply to the General Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes and Newspapers before-mentioned to the said Justices, at any such Session, or the Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the London Gazette, and other Newspapers where required, in Manner as herein-before is directed; and that the Person or Persons so applying was or were, between the twenty-eight Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, set at large from, and before the first Day of September, one thousand fovea hundred and eighty, surrendered or offered to for-

nnecs,

>?i, A.D. 178*. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. 115

jr l\- render, or was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners, on the said first Day of January, one thousand

>untf. seven hundred and eighty-one, in the Gaol or Prison in which his, her, or their Name or Names is or are

:cjv; specified in the Lift delivered in at any such first or second Session, or any Adjournment thereof, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall, in open Court* at the said General Quarter Session or General jj, Session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her

2real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy; and also of the Whole of his or 1

ice js her personal Estate, which he or she, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or her *c.

of: Use, Benefit, or Advantage, is or are seized of, interested in, or intitled to, or was or were in his or her

cr ! Possession, at any Time unce his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Names of his or her several

m- Debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with, and the several Sums of Money from them

K j respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured$ and if by Mortgage,.

Specialty, Contraft. Note, or other Writing, then the Name and Names, and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contrafts (if there be any such), and shall also make Oath and swear to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

,'OCSa

to

1 T if. B. upon my corpora! Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and ‘D.-btor’i Oaih

A declare, That on the first Day o (January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, I was really on deliircring in

and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of in the Prison or Gaol of tb* Schw!u

at the Suit of without any Fraud or Collusion

whatsoever, or (as the Case may be)% that I was, without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever, really and truly a Prisoner in the Gaol or Prison of at the Suit of at

the Time that the said Gaol or Prison was burnt down, destroyed, or broke open, and that afterwards, and

before the first Day of September in that Year, I surrendered or was surrendered, or offered to surrender,

or was offered to be surrendered, to the Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison a Prisoner; and that I was actually arrtfted, and in the Custody of an Officer, before the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, in the Action or Suit, Actions or Suits, in which I surrendered, or was committed as aforesaid, to the said Gaol or Prison of and that I have, ever

since my said Surrender or Commitment, continued a Prisoner within the Prison of

in the actual Custody of thy Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison of or within the

1 Liberties thereof, at the Suit of and without any Fraud or Collusion whatso-

ever, or (as the Case shall be) that I was set at large when the Gaol or Prison of was

burnt down, destroyed, or broke open, between the second and eighth Days of June% one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and afterwards, and before the first Day of September, in that Year, furren- dered, or offered to surrender, to the Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison (as the Case shall beJ, and that the Schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Re- membrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effects,

and Estates, Real and Personal, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, which I,

or any Person in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, are seised or possessed of, interested in,

or intitled to, or was or were in my Possession at any Time since my Commitment to Prison; and of all Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and of all the Securities and Contrafts whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the 4 N<mes and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Whncffes that can prove such Debts or Contrafts [if any such there be[\ and that neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for me, or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate,

real or personal, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, or Expectancy, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myfeIf and Family, Working Tools,

and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding forty Shillings, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of twenty Pounds; and that I have not,

nor any Body for me hath, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities*

Contrafts, or Estate real for personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage thereof, or with Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditor* to whom I am or was indebted in any wise howsoever: And that I am not indebted in the Whole to any greater Amount than to the Sum of five hundred Pounds*

So help me GOD.

*5-

ns*;.

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be, by every such Debtor, subsci ibed in the Presence of the Justices Schedule *nd in open Session of the Peace, as hereby is directed; and &all be kept by, and remain with the Clerk of p*Th to the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Cou

Division, Town, or Place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of ed with" he 1 all the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall desire, or may have Occasion, to resort thereto^; and Clerk for the every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at seasonable Times, in the Day-time, to peruse and examine E«min»tion of the same. Creditors.

XIV. And be it further en ifted, That the Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, at any such Court «t the Re, General Quarter Session, or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Reaueft of any Creditor or quest of a Crrdi-Creditors of any such Debtor, are hereby authorised to cause the Deputy Warden and Marshal of the «mmn«

Fleet and King's Bench Prison, and any other Under Officer, Tipstaff, and Turnkey, of any Gaol or C*

rti(on, and any other Person, to come before them, and to examine them respectively, on Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth

Q_* thereof i I

I1-6

Debtor’s Oath not tr.hig I f-prjved, the Court is to 4«f-charge him,

on hh paying a Fee of is. to the Gaoler j

who shall be in* damnified for the Kl'cape,

Estate and Effect? of the Prisoner, upon his Discharge to be verted in the Clerk, of the Peace, who is to make o»cr the same to the Assigneet named by the Court j

for which he shall be paid 21«

Afligaeei impowered to sue,

cr erecate any TriM or Power for the Prisoner,

Assignees to get in the Effects of the Debtor, and sell the same j

and to fell, within two Months, the Debtor’s real Estate, See,

and make a Di-

vioend within three Months}

firrt making up their Accounts, and verifying them upon Oath.

30 Days Notice to be given of making a Dm* dend $ and none to receive any Shsje uorii they have proved their Debts.

Debts claimed to be erammrd into and determined 7 the Court,

C. 63. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court, by any Debtor or Debtors, shall not

be disapproved by good Testimony of any credible Person or Persons, on Oath, and such Justices, or the nr.jor Part of them, present at any such General Quarter Session, or General Session, shall be fatBfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by any such respective Debtor, then such Justices shall, in such Session, or some Adjournment thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, and if such Debtor or Debtors shall be a Prisoner or Prisoners, shall command the said Sheriff, or Sheriff's Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners, without having or taking any Fee or Reward, other than one Shilling for his or their Attendance with every such Prisoner at such General Quarter Session, or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, in order for his, her, or their Discharge (and which every such Sheriff* or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of such Prison or Prisons, is and are hereby authorised to receive and take for every such Order): And every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, or Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust, of such Debtor, of, in, and unto, all the real Estate, as well Freehold and Copy as Customary-hold, and to all the personal Estate, Debts, and Effects, of every such Debtor, shall, immediately after such Adjudication, be, and the same is hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Divifnn, Liberty, or Place, where any such Debtor shall be respectively discharged; and every such CJerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officerafting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Assignment and Conveyance of every such Debtor's Estate and Effects, vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor, as the Justices at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order and direct (which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper stamped); and to vest the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Estate and Interest the Debtor had therein; and for preparing, ingrossing, and executing of which Assignment and Conveyance, no Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall take any greater Fee than two Shillings; and every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be in Trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the Creditors of such Debtor, in Respect or in Proportion to their respective Debts; and every Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully impowered to sue, from Time to Time, as there may b» Occasion, in his, her, or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and attaining any Eftuc or Effects of any such Debtor, and also to execute any Trust or Power vested in, or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Trust for the Benefit of him or themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor; and to give Discharge and Discharges to any Debtor or Debtors of any such Person as shall be requisite: And every such Assignee or Assignees (ha)/, with all convenient Speed, after his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance, use his and their best Endeavours to receive and get in the Eftaie and Effects of every such Debtor; and shall, with aft convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Debtor, vested in such Assignee or Assignees; and if any such Debtor shall be interested in, or intitled to, any real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, or Expectancy, the same, within the Space of two Months after every such Assignment and Conveyance, shall be sold by Public Auction, in such Manner, and at such P.ace, as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Debtor, who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing published in the London Gazette, or in some Daily Paper, if the Debtor before his going so Gaol resided in London, or in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which such Debtor dwelt before he or she was committed to Gaol, thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall, under his Hand, or their Hands, agree on: And every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of three Months at farthest, from the Time of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and fair Dividend of all such Debtor's Estate and Effects which shall have been then recovered amongst his or her Creditors, in Proportion and in Regard to each Creditor's respective Debts; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Debtor’s Estate, and make Oarh in Writing, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Pence of the County, Riding, Division, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which any such Debtor shall have been discharged, that every such Account contains a just and fair Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly, and bona fide, made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like Manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is herein-before directed to be pub*

Jished, thirty Days at least before the same shall be made; and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his respective Debt by Oarh, or due Proof in Writing before some such JufUce or Justices: And if any Creditor of such Debtor shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Fairness of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the same, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so diflarisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, in which such Debtor shall have been ad* judged to have been intitled to the Benefit of this Act* at their next General Quarter SdBon, and what

7 they

e

A.D. 17**. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

they shall there determine in the Premises shall be conclusive to all Forties: And if, after Payment of all Surplus of the such Debtor’s Creditors, there shall any of his Estate and Effects remain after Payment of all reasonable ?e^or t., Efttn

to be paid to

Charges, the same shall be paid to such Debtor, his Executors or Adsjftniftratorfc. mi#m>

XVI. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any Creditor or Creditors from any Neglect or crea^not t»

Estate paid ( him, Sec.

Clerk of the Peace, See. Debtors states to become vested in their Successors,

j in Value of Creditors.

Clerk of the

c Omission in the Schedule not containing the Whole of the Estate, real or persona), belonging to any suffer from any 1 Debtor who shall apply for his or her Discharge, under the Authority of this Act;’ be it enacted, That Omission In the all the Estate, whether real or persona!, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he. Schedule of she, or they, shall be actually possessed at the Time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken Estate*

to be a Part of the Estate contained in such Schedule, though not ioferted therein, and shall in like Manner become vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as such, to all Intent* and Purposes, as if the same had been contained in such Schedule,- and had been delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which Prorifo, the Insolvent never received any valuable Consideration, shall be intitled to receive any Benefit from his Estate.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the On Death or Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, in whom the Estate,

Right, Title, Interest, or Trust, of any Debtor or Debtors, shall have vested by the Authority of this Act$ every such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust, shall becofne vested in the Successor or Successors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Cleric, or other Officer afttng as Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, respectively, as the Case may be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under the Provinons of this Acth

XIX. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any NoSuitioEquity Assignee or Assignees of any such Debtor’s Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in to be commenced Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given in the 0fViajQj?ty*nt London Gazette for that Purpose.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer a<5Hng as Clerk of the Peace, of every respective County, City, and County Town, and County Riding, Divinon, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedules of the Estates of Peace to exhibit any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or to f£e *rrcdltor' other Officer Actingas Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such insolvent Debtor or Debtors, or his or their Attorney, produce and shew to such n. the Schedule Creditor or Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the Day-rime, the Schedule of the Estates of any such of any Prisoner’* Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or his Predecessor in that Office; the Person so requiring to fee and peruse any fudi Schedule, paying or tendering to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer adring as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling for his Trouble in searching for, and looking out, such Schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the Party or Parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the fame: And that a true Copy of every such Schedule, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Attested Copy Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody the same shall be, or his Deputyv whereof to be purporting the same to be a true Copy of such Schedule, without being wrote on Stamped Paper, and for *ei"cd,r^1 which Copy no more shall be paid than Sixpence by the Sheet (each Sheet to contain Seventy-two Words, v* CDCt* and so in Proportion for a less Number of Words), shall, at all Times, be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the same: And if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or Clerk of the dther Officer adding as Clerk of the Peace, shall, on reasonable Request as aforesaid, neg’ed or refuse to Peace refusing to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as PT^uce such aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspected as aforesaid, in the Pay-time, on such Payment or Ten- ^!ivtr«CCory° der as aforesaid being made to him; or (haiPaik or cake more than after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, tUrco^&c. each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in Proportion for less than seventy-two Words in a Sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of any such Schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to rmke the same, and having the Money tendered to him for Payment of such Copy, after the Rate aforesaid; shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which mall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with treble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the fame: And one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who prosecuted for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any of or Customary Estate, as aforesaid, he or they shall agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the same shall be holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be Manor, holden for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees Tenant to such of or Culiomary Premises, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors \ndd^e^nat^mill of which the same shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the said Debtor had therein tc efUn at the Time of his or her being adjudged intitled to the Benefit of this Act, as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots,‘Customs> and Services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said of or Customary Premises*

shall forfeit to I. and treble CofH: One Moiety to the Profetutor, and the other to the Poor of tho Parish.

Assigneei of of or Customary Estates to compound with cho Lord of the

there upon.

118

The Debtor! Right and Interest, &c only to We affected by thu A a.

All Morgagei, &c. to take place

p(ef<rab e to C1j» m of an infer, or Nature.

Power! in Debtors of leafing Lands, Scc. veiled in Afijgiieei.

The a^Ing Gioler, at the Time i f delivering the Lifts, only liable lo be l*oi n.

Court, on Re-quifirion of B Cred'for, to ad-r>*:nit>er an Oath ro the Gaoler.

The Oath.

If such Person ihnil not have been Gaoler on Jjn.i, ir*i, then he shall take the follow-i*g

Oath*

C. 63. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

XXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex end to prejudice or affect any Estate or Interest, or Right whatsoever, of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Debtor, which may he expectant upon, or subject unto, the Estate or Interest of the said Debtor, hereby vetted in the uid Cleric of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace; but that the Estate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person or Persons, shall remain, continue, and be raved to them, in the same Manner as if this Act bad not been made.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, orbeconftrued to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortga6es upon the Estate of such Debtor or Debtors, or any Part* thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute-staple. Statute-merchant, Recognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by, or obtained against, any such Debtor or Debrors, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Real Estate of such Debtor or Debtors $ and also where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer, upon any such Judgment before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the personal Estate of every such Debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first Place, for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Stature, Recognizance, or Judgment respectively, in like Manner as such Mortgagees and Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the real or personal Estate of such Debtor and Debtors respectively, if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

XXIV. And whereas many Persons who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, are seised

and possessed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of their

natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates, for one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon c Lives, which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtors be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any such Debtor or Debtors, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the real and personal Estate of such Debtor by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Debtors as aforesaid.

XXV. And whereas in some Gaols or Prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is held in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never aft as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or know any Thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Gaolers or Keepers of such Gaols or Prisons be it therefore enacted, That, in every such Case, the Person who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison, at the Time of the delivering in the Lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoner in any such Gaol or Prison, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the principal Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall act as Gaoler or Keeper himselfj, shall take the Oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or Keeper of every such G<rol or Prison.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoncror Prisoners, who shall eppose hi* or her Discharge, administer and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who aft* as Gaoler or Keeper of any such Prison at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the following Effect; (that is to say),

‘ T J S. do swear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prison

A of to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and that the Copy or Copits of the cause or causes of his 4 [or her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said and produced to this Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of such Detainer or Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person whatsoever, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

So help me GO D.*

And if any Person who wms Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, on the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, or since, shall not happen to be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at the Time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then (he Justices, at any such Session, or at any Adjournment (hereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective Person or Persons, who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, and deliver in any such Lift as aforesaid, at any such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath, touching the Commitments, or Bocks of Commitment, of any such Prison, to the Effect following} (that is to fayj

I A.B. do swear. That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Commitment, of Prison ere to the Prison Of in the [County, Riding, Division,

City, Town, Place, or Liberty of as the Case shall beJ $ and that I cfo verily believe

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

C.

119

that the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that was,

on the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and erghty-one, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of the then GioJer or Keeper, or Deputy Gaoler or Keeper, of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person or Persons, to my Knowledge and Belief.

So help me GOD.

Court, at the Request of a I’rcoiror, may furamon the^er-(on who atf cd as Gaoler on J*n.l9 1781, or tincc, and examine him, on Oath, &c.

Sheriffor Gaoler, disobeying Order of Court, to forfeit i00 I. with crebleCcftr.

Gaoler, or Primer of the Gazette, Sec. not complying with the Regulations of this Act, to forfeit ?to). for each OftVnce, with treble ('ofts*

XXVII. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Debtors in any Gaol Books/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any Debtor, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, any Person or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or Prison within their respective Jurisdiction?, on the said first Day of ^anuary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, or at any Time since; and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Debtor, as the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall think fit: And if any Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neg’eft or refuse to bring before such Justices, at any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any Prisoner as shall be directed and required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that Purpose 5 or if any Gaoler or Keeper attending shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as shall be reasonably required at such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, he, she, or they, so effending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds $ to be recovered, by and in the Name, and for the Use, of the Parry injured, by Action of Debt, to be brought in his or her Name, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with treble Costs of Suit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, without just Cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter Session, or General Session, or some Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge, or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit to infejt, in any such Lift, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Gaol or Prison, on the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; or who was set at large, or who was surrendered, or tendered to be surrendered, as aforesaid 5 or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such Lifts as aforesaid; or if any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said Sum of one Shilling herein-before allowed for his or her Attendance in order to be discharged of such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Primer of the London Gazette, or other Newspaper, as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Act directed to be given, on reasonable Request to him made for that Purpose, and Tender of the Money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any Fee or Gratuity more than Two pence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such Gaoler and Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each Debtor, in any such Case injured, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; which shall and may be recovered, with treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance* shall be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper or Keepers, or any deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison, shall, in taking of the afore-mentioned Oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of such Prison or Prisons (over and above such Penalties as may be infhfted on Persons convicted of Perjury), shall, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with full Costs, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his and their Executors and Administrators, to whom any Alignment or Conveyance, in pursuance of this Act, shall be made, of the Estate and EfLfts of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties; to be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such his Creditor or Creditors.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or Ck* of

other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Debtor adjudged

to be imitled to his Discharge as aforesaid, within fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the D^cha^or

Older of Adjudication, on the Payment of two Shillings and Sixpence; or shall take more than the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for such Copy; or shall take more than one Shilling for an Assignment or Conveyance of such Debto/s Estate or Effects; every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence,

Gaoler, c ed of Perjury, to forfeit 500'.m.h full Cost’i &c«

Application of the Penalty*

raking cu\ mi-tart Feet, shall firsti: i«l. to the Prisoner.

12*0

'C. 6>

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Debtor, fcc.con-

vitilrd of Perjury, to bedeern-ed guilty ot Felony.

Persons dlf-char^ed by Act, not liable to Imprisonment for Debt, &c. contrafted before Jan, j, 178.1,

Put no Prisoner to be difclwiged of Debts fub Cement thereto.

Justices, 8cc. may plead this Act to any Action brought against them, and recover treble Costs.

Persons discharged may plead generally, 8cc. to all Actiont or Judgmenti brought against them before Jan. I, 1781, &c.

fcnJ in other Suit?, may plead in Discharge of their Personi from Execution,

P/aintiff may reply generally, &c.

hut if nonsuited, to pay treble Costs*

Attorniea or Servants embezzling Money, &c. excluded the Benefit of this Act,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of twenty Pounds, as the Justices of the Peace, at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall ord /; and who are hereby impowered to cause the lame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, so offending.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor as aforesaid, who shall take the Benefit of this Act, shall forswear and perjure himself, herself, or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person intitled to the Benefit of this Act, shall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment, or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issu d, or for any two Justices of the Peace, upon shewing the Copy of such Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prijbi.er or Prisoners as aforesaid; and shall, at the same Time, order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Suit or Suits, to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs he, she, or they shall have incurred on such Occasion. or f > much thereof as to such Judge or justices shall fetm just and reasonable*; and every such Judge is hereby impowered so to do on such PrisoneFs causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him in every such Action and Suit.

XXXIII. And whereaf, under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen, what was to be done with such Prisoners who applied at any Scifion to be discharged, who owed and stood charged with Debts, as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts ;* to remedy which, be it there sole enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts subsequent to the fi ft Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and if it shall appear to the Justices, in any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying to them to be discharged, shall ftaud charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the ft;ft Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*one, that, in such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all Debts previous to the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and to remand him or her back to the Custody of the Ketper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts with which he or she stamJs charged with in his Custody, subsequent to the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of any Prison, for performing their Office, in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have treble Costs.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire Facias, or Action of Debt, or upon Judgement, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, with respect to Debtors set at large and surrendered, or tendering themselves as aforesaid, or in actual Custody, on the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, it shall be lawful for any such Debtor, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that such Debtor was set at large, and surrendered or offered to surrender as aforesaid, was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a Person’s Suit on the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and wfas or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session or General Section, or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place, for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or Place (as his, her, or their Case is), without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sumstof Money, due before the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, to plead in Discharge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid)* that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the Case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, without pleading any other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may mew the said Defendant not to be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might.bave replied, in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge, by virtue of this Act, specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to have treble Cpfts

XXJtVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting, or pretending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any Money, or other Effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting r.s such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any Person or Persons employed or intrusted as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, (be,

or

I 21

A.D. 17Bi,Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6j,

or they shall (land charged, for and on account of any Money,'Goods, or other Effects* received or poffdltd oy him, her, or them, for the Use, and on Account 01 his, her, or their Mailer o: Matters, or km- s p'oyers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her; or thtirown Ulej any Thing herein confined to the contrary thereof in any wise not withstanding.

XXXVII. And whereas m<iny evil-d.(poled Persons, to support their prof! gate Way.of Life, have, by various ftjbtle Stratagems, Threats, and Devices, fraudulently obtained dive's Sums of Money, Gojds,

Warts, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exc hange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, to the great Injury of industrious families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and Lb edit ;*r be it enact-eJ, 1 rtat no Prisoner, w ho knowingly and dtfignediy, by false Pretence or Pretences, ihafi have obtained, rvrC,rs »bn, by from any Person or Poffi»ns, Money, Goods, \\ ares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bids ot Exchange, Promiifiuy G.fc Pre:<nc», Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit oi discharge by or under this Act; but the justices, at any General or Quarter Settion of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, b:fore Ac|u^ltl<ied\Ife whom any such Prisoners shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter, made to their Satisfaction, shall n<nefit of thu rem ind such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the P/ifon from whence he, or (lie shall Act. have been brought; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas many Debtors, for Rents of Lands, JVMluages, Houfts, or other Premises,

have, with a fraudulent Intent to disappoint the Right of tht ir respective Landlords, removed the Stock,

Cattle, Furniture, Goods, or other hffedis, which were subj^dl and liable to be distrained for the Safis- huStion of the said Rents be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners, who, in a Itcret, clandestine, or f:anduient Manner, shall have removed, or caused to be removed, within fix hav

Yeats before the patting of this A cl, any luc:\ Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods, or Effects, of the Value d*j rmiy removed of fifty Pounds, or upwards, which were subject and liable to be distrained by tfuir respective Landlords, Suck, Futni for or in Payment of such Rent or Rems, wherfby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft al! or some ture, &c. liable Part of the Rene or Rents due to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this Act; but (haf, on due Proof of the Matter as aforesaid, be remanded in Manner herein before mentioned; any vi ch/r£c/ by Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. this Act.

XXXIX. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View* to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred,

conveyed, or assigned their Estate and Effects to some Pufin or Persons, susbequent to their being in Custody of Law, or imprisoned under some Proctfs for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyarne, or Attignment, has been frequently made, to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honest Creditor, though sufficier.t Pioi f could not be obtained to convict the Party of a fraudulent Design p be ;ngV u Hr af/" it enabled, That whenever it shall be proved, by one or more credible Witntls or Witnesses, to the Satis- f:gnc<j any pJrt fa<ftion of the Court, to which any Prisoner shall be brought up, in order to obtain his or her Discharge, or hi* EHateor that fuc h Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, to any Person or Persons, all or any Part Eft>£U, after be-of his Efhteor Effects, subsequent tojhe Time of his Imprisonment, or of his being in Custody of Law, without just Cause for so doing, to be allowed by the Justices presiding in such Court as aforesaid; every ^frau^hfsVre* such Debtor shall lose al) the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the Au- diurs. ftaii lofc thoiity of this Act, and shall not be inti tie J to his or her Discharge; and every such Sale, Transfer, Con- the Benefit of veyance, or Alignment, is hereby declared to be null and void. this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison Gaohr to per. shall, and is hereby required to fuder, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons, desiring the same, to fee niitthe speaking and (peak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room in the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners, J^ofe

whose Names are infeited in the afore-mentioned List or Lists, or London Gazette^ or other Newspapers, N-mcf'are'in- or any of them, or any Persons funendei ing themselves pursuant to this Act; and also fee, in the true and ffrt<-d inrheLift, genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, or tec.

Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whole Suit or Suits he, and the examm* (he, or they, are or were defaintd: And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall negKct or rctufe to comply pj kVoEn with what is here above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who shall so offend in the Premises, shall tf°c. c on°p^ forfeit and pay, to the Person so refuseil and aggrieved, the Sum of forty Pounds; to be recovered, with njtivof40! vkh Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plant, or Information, in any of the Courts at Westminster^ CotfsotSuic. wherein no E/Toin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons (o refused and aggrieved.

XLI. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by an Adjudication by Force of this Act, no Discharge of Other Person or Persons w ho was or were Partner or Partners in Trade with any such Debtor at the Time Dc;>for nu A°-of such Adjudication, or then flood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the Payment of any Debt with ’°J

any such Debtor, or engaged in any Contract together with any such Debtor, shall be discharged from any tiCsJner or urc* such Debtor Demand; but every such other Person and Persons shall severally Hand and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such Debt and Debts, and to perform such Contrails, in like Manner as if no such Adjudication had been made.

ALII. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Giolcr or Keeper, of any Cad<r mA-m* Prison or Prisons, shall rr.ake, or cause to be made, any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging to 1a.,c ^!>’T m any Prison or Gaol under his C.jre, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or (haiJ prepare or keep, or cause to L^to t«urW'r be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made ^co’. v.iUi treble theieinj or shall insert'in any List, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Lefts,

Persons who was not fee at large, or surrendered, or tendered to be surrendered, or in actual Custody as aforesaid (except as in the Gath of a»y such Gaoler r Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted), every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall, over and above the Penalties which be shall be liable la for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum ol five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, w:th treble Costs of Suit,* by and in the Name, and for the Use, of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced by any Entry, or such false Entiies; which Penalties shall and may be recovered by VoImXIV. Part L R Aaion

V oOO

122

Debtor refuting to dedaie the Abode, &c» of the Person at whose Suit he ts detained, ice, to be excluded the Benefit of this Act,

Justicei may af. semble at or near any County Gaol, and hold a Session there for Discharge of Prisoners,

The Justices for the Dtftrill of Holhnd in Lincolnshire, may adjourn to the County Gao),&C, for discharging Prisoner*.

Justicea for the County of Surrey nuy iflemble at the Town-h ill of Southwark for administering Oath*, &c. Prisonera w ho are kept in Custody for Payment of Fees, &c. to be discharged.

This Act not to extend to Debtors to the Crown,

Determinat ion of Justices to be final with resptft to the Retention of any Debtor j unle's the Debtor get rid of the Objections for which they refilled hia Discharge,

Justicea, on Proof determined by two

Witnesscsef Ob*

C. 63. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eflfoin, Protcdion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, being thereunto required by any Creditor, shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation, or last Place of Abode, of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is or was detained or charged in Custody; or, if any Prisoner being called for, and desired by any Creditor or Creditors, to come to the Lodge of the Prifoo in which any such Prisoner shall be confined, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary; every such Debtor, upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Bent fit or Discharge by or under this Act: any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIV. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Durham, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions, all which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaolers of those Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Session of each Riding or Division, the same will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaolers, but also to the Prisoners, in those large Counties be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more Justices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties (or any other County or Counties where the Prisons are at a Distance from the Place where the Sessions are held), at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Session there, by Adjournment from their respective Quarter Session, from Time to Time for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

XLV. And whereas the Division or District of Holland in the said County of Lincoln, is distant near forty Miles from the said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for the Justices of the Peace acting for the said Division, to be obliged to travel to the said Gaol, for the sole Purpose of dif- charging the Prisoners under the Powers by this Act given be it therefore enacted, That, for the several Purposes aforesaid, the Justices for the said Division or District of Hollatul may adjourn their original Sections to the County Gao), or some Place near thereunto; and that it may and shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace, acting either for the Parts of Lindsey, Krjleven, or Holland, to hold such adjourned Sessions for the sole Purpose of discharging such Prisoners; Notice of the Adjournment of such original Session being given by the Clerk of Sections to such Justices, and who shall attend there to register the Proceedings of the said Court, so far as the same relate to, or affect the Discharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Division of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Act.

XLVI. And whereas the next General Quarter Seifiuns of the Peace for the County of 1Surrey, which shall happen after the passing of this Act, may be in the Country, and upwards of twenty Miles from any of the said Prisons be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Pc^ce to be holden for the County of Surrey, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the Ljid Session to the Town-hall in the Borough of Southwark, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act, by the several Gaolers within the said County, and for the Discharge of Prisoners or other Debtors, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Diiedions of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prison on or before the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rents, or other Demands due, or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they, taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XLVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend, orbeconftrued to extend, to discharge any Person seeking the Benefit of this Act, with resped to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, or either of them.

XLIX. And whereas, under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expences and Trouble in attending every Session and Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of the Act, to oppose the Discharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, after having been before one Session heard, and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors, constantly gave fresh Notices for each subsequent Session and Adjournment of their intended Application to be discharged p to remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases whatever, the Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless the Debtor shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Ob-jedions for which they refused his Discharge; and, that the same may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to (late the Objections why such Debtor’s Discharge is refused by them; and, in all Cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at any subsequent Session or Adjournment, upon Application from the Prisoner, upon due Proof on Oath made to them, by two or more credible Witnesses (which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer), of each Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served, at least ten Days previous to such Application, on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in 3 Manner

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo

jf ion J being removed, See, may discharge such Prisoner.

Creditor if tending to oppose the Discharge of a Prisoner, to give him four Daj» Notice thereof,

or pay the Ex-

jences of hi» ' Application, See*

Personi seised of an Estate Tail, claiming the Benefit of this Act, are to deliver up the same to Creditors.

Manner before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of Opinion the said Debtor is intitled to the Benefit of this Atft, to adjudge him or her intitled to the Benefit of this Act, and if a Prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, he or she taking the Oath, and in all other Respects conforming to the Directions of this Act.

L. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That when any Creditor shall intend to oppose the Discharge of any Debtor, with whose Debt he is or was charged in Custody, at the first Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, he is hereby required to give four Days Notice of his Intention to oppose such Discharge to the Prisoner, or to leave such Notice in Writing with the Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison, In order that such Prisoner may be prepared to make his Defence; and in case no such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, previous to such Quarter Sessions, or such Adjournment thereof, and such Creditor shall appear to oppose his or her Discharge, and it shall happen that the Prisoner is remanded, then such Creditor shall pay to such Debtor the Expences of his Application and Attendance, in any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, as the Justices at such Sessions shall direct and allow.

LI. And whereas it may happen that leyeral Persons, who may claim and be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seized of an Estate Tail, in some Freehold or of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereupon expedant, they have, by Law, Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, fu fieri ng a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, or by Surrender or surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons said Freehold or of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors j’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee: Provided the same shall be delivered up to the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrender thereof, and thereby had become seised in Fee j any Law, pr Construction of Law, to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

LII. And whereas many Persons who may take the Benefit of this Act, may be intitled to sundry and great Debts and Demands, of various and intricate Natures, and they may be intitled to Equities of Redemption of Estates, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments, and other Incumbrances, or to Re- versions, Remainders, or other contingent Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or Interifts in Estates, both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or dif- covered in the Schedule, or Inventory, before directed to be delivered in, upon Oath, as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid or Assistance to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the Benefit of the Creditors :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Afltgnees of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, or any other Person or Per-fi ns duly authorised by them for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to apply to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, where such Person or Persons shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such Person or Persons may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her, or their Estate or Effects; whereupon such Justices shall fond for or call before them, such Person or Persons, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways, or Means, as they shall think fit; and, upon such Person’s appearing, shall examine him, her, or them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters and Things, as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Efteds of such Person or Persons; and if any Person or Persons (on Payment or Tender of Payment of accor 106 y such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient) shall rvegled or refuse to come and appear, not having a lawful Excuse, to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed, or, being come before them, shall refuse to be (worn, or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or Effects, so vested, or intended to be vested, in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or in such Aflienees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, until such Time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such Justices, and answer upon*

Oath, to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Lilt. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons, who shall, within twelve Months after the Discharge of such Debtor or Debtors, voluntarily come in and make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors real or personal Estate, as shall not be comprised in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any Justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the Rate’ of twenty Pounds per Centum, out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which shall be recovered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid, to such Person or Persons so discovering the same, by the Aflftg-nee or Assignees of such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true j then, and in every such Case, every such Discharge shall be void, and of none Effect.

Assignee* may apply for further Examination of Debtor*, touching the Difoovrry of their Eftcfts $ and Justices may fend for>and examine 'hem

Petfcns refusing to appear, or answer upon Oath, may be committed.

ao per Cent, at* lowed for discovering, within twelve Month*, any Part of a Debtor’* Estate not comprised ill his Schedule.

Discharge obtained fraudulently, void.

LV. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor who shall be difehareed by virtue of this Act,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any Estate, real or personal, of any

R a such

Personi concealing any Estate or Effrlh of the Debtor, forfeit

is*.

tool, ind doiK Wf V^!us, *uh treble Costs of, Suit*

Assignees, m. Itly

C lient of the Majority in Value c»i thr k. re-ditois, maye m-pound for IDtbis to the D bi-otk Estate;

and miy fibmit any Diipufe reiving thereto to Arbitration,

If Assignees die

before the F.ffe's of the Dibtt-rS are got in and their Hew?, Arc. re*

Jlife to act, other Alhgners to be anointed, and Creditors to obtain a new Alignment from the Clerk of the l'eace, which the Unices are to direct.

C'.crk of the l^ace to obey th: Order, as if no Alignment 1Bud been nrjaCe.

Assignees rom-pUioed at».iinft for (nfutfkie.nty, Frnud, Mism.i-i a^cment, or ct cr Mrib.ha-viturj

the Court thereupon it to lum-n on the Panics, »r f' r ake such Orders diet-in at kev ft., J think, fit.

C. 63. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. i^8r.

such Debtor, from his Creditors, and (hill not, within thirty Days after any Assignee or Assignees shall, in pursuance of this Act, be chose of any such PrisonePs Estate, discover and dilcloie to ft.ch Assign°e or Af-lignce9 such I'm ft and Estate, in Waiting, and deliver up or make over the same to such Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or they lo offending (lull, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, aitd also double the Wue of the Efta;e, either real or perfimal, so concealed, to and f >r the Un? of the Creditors at any such Prisoner j to be iccovered by Action of Debt, in any of his M jtfrys Coutts of Record at [I'tjhiunjier, in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisonci’s Estate, together with treble Costs of Suit.

LV1. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at all Times hereafter, for any Assignte or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any Debtor or Debtors who shall be chose in pufuance of this Act, by and with the Content of the major Part in Value of such Pci foil or Persons Creditors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be held, on twenty-one Days public Notice being previously given, for the Purpose hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette^ if the Debtor was in Custody in London^ or within the weekly K.lls of Mortality, and if not, then also in some New'piper which shall be publidled in the County,* City, or Place, in or near which any such Person shall have been in Gaol, to make Compofuion with any Person or Per ferns Debtors or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtor* v/here the lame shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable Part of arry such Debt* as can, up-in such Compt iuion, be gotten, in lud Discharge of such Debts and Accounts, and also toiub-mit any Diste erne or Di pute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons, Tor or on account, or by reason or means of any Matter, Cause, or 1 h ng relating to such Debtor or Deh ors Estate and hfDdts, or to any Debt or Debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from Inch Debtor or Debtors, to the final End and Deicimination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the bid A (Tig nee or Assignees, and thi major Pan in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or P?rtic3 with whom they (hill have no Difference; an.1 to perform the Award of such ArbitrAiors, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to lettle and agree the Matters in Difference or Dispute between them, in such Manner as the 1 ^id Assignee or Assignees, with such Content as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree; and the fan e shall be binding to all the Creditors of huh Debtor or Debtors; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises, in ptirru?nce of this Act.

LVII. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what Humid become of the Fftire and Eftccls

of any Debtor or Debtors, m-t got in, obtained, or recovered, by any Assignee or Alliances chole pursuant to the Directions^ of the federal Acts, at the Time of his or their Death or Death*, and whole Heir or Hciis, Lxecu'ors* Administrators, and Assigns, refused to or meddle th rein ;* to remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such CfcfesJ it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Debtor or Debtors to chule a new Assigneemr Assignees in Manner and Form as herein-before is directed, and to obtain a new Alignment from the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, pursuant to the Order of Justices. and whkh said Oder the said Justices are hereby required and impowered to direct (on due Pr«»of on Otth being made to them of the Death of such form *r Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Extcutors, Admini* strators, or Assigns, to act or meddle therein); and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or oilier Officer acting as Cieik of the P ace, aie hereby impoveretl toob^y the f.ime, and execute such Alignment accordingly, in Manner and Form as if no forrtner Assignn ent had ever hem m.ide*, the Did A (fig nee or Assignees, Clerk of the Peace, or his Dtpufw Town Clek, or cuher Officer adding as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by tlvs Act relative to them, or any of them; and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are infl £h*d on them, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, for Disobedience in any Part thereof, or Neglecti of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assigntes shall die, and h’s Heirs, Executors, Admir.ifrratots or nlfigns, shall ref -fe to act, that then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Aifigiiees, with the like Powers and Authorities as are given by this AcT; and the said Judices shall have Power, in a fun unary Way, 10 oblige the Heirs, Executors, Administrarrs, and Assigns, of Inch AiVignce or Assignees, to account and deliver up all such EfUte and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Adf.

LVIII. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as (halt < be discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Uenent of his, her, or their real Creditors,* be it cnaiffed by the Authority aforesaid, '['hat it Hi all and m iy be lawful to and for the respective Courts at Weshnirjhr, and the Courts of Great St (lions in J Vales, and the Principality of Chesteri and the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham, respectively, fom whence any Process issued upon which any such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were committed *, or where the Process iffied out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer*, or of Great Sessions aforesaid, within theii* respective JiirifJiciion*, or any-oiie of them, from Time to Time, upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of inch Debtor, complaining of 2ny Insufficiency, Fraud, Mifman^gement, or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or ElTch of any such Debtor or Debtors, to summon al) Parties concerned, and, upon hearing the -lArties concerned therein, to make and give such Oiders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or Displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place or Stead of fu.n Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, c*r for the prudent, julfi, or equitable fvlanagcment or Di/lribution of the Ellate and F.(Feels of any such Debtor for the Benefit of the reipetfive Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively fivall think fit; and in case of the Removal or Dif-pDcing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors shall from, thenceforth be diverted but of the Adignec cr Affgnees so removed

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. 125

moved or displaced, and be vested to, and delivered over to, such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the same Intents and Purposes, as the same were* before vested in the Assignee or Al-signees firchofe as aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding#

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in ail Cales where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any Other Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Eftare and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor or Dtbiois is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their Rails, to ttate and allow an Account between them and the other Parry or Parties concerned; ani nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or o;her Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees under such Clcik of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, than what shall appear to be juilly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account, when truly ilated,

LX. And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments for Contempt*, for not paying Money awarded to be paid under Sub-millions to Arbitrators by Rules of Court, or under Subafiifions to Arbitration Bunch, and which Submissions have been made Rules of Court, in pursuance of an Act passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Differences by Arbitration; and like wile for not paying of Cods duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpo'c > and also upon any Writ of Excommunicato Ca- piendo, or other Process for, or grounded on, the Nonpayment of Cells or E.vp. nces in any Cuufe or Proceeding in any Eccltlustical Court, or for any Contempt to such Court/ it is here1 y declared and enacted, That all such Persons ate and shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, on ami fuhjed to the same Terms and Conditions as are herein expressed and declared with resptd to Priknos for Debt only.

LXI. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Dcb% upon ProcdFes ilfuing out of Courts of Conscience / it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such P.ifoners shall be intitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and bedischarged under the same, provided h% she, or they, conform to the Directions herein-before prescribed, touching othet Prisoners who shall be dikhurged by vinue of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by this A cl an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person, being a Quiker, shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof 5 and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be conviifted of wilful and fa!fe Affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are infbded and imposed by this Act upon Persons convkted of wilful and co rupt Perjury.

LXIII. Provided always and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any Ad heittofoie paikd for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, within the Space of ten Years kid p-->ll, and who, by the Justices of the Peat e at their General Quartt^ Session, oc an Adjournment thereof,^ shall be deemed fit and able to krvt Lis XL jesty at Sea, or in his Land Forces, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the !nr tent and Meaning ihe.eof, so as to be Jilcr.a-ged under the fame; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; unless such Person fhfil he'willing to ftive, and Fh411 actually enter himself to serve on Board some mte of his M.ijt fly’s Ships of IVyr’for the Term of ievea Years, or shall infill as a Soldier in some of his fly’s Lam) Forces for the Term of three Years

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Debtor, who may have taken the Benefit of any Insolvent Ad within the Space of ten Years aft pall, shall under this Act apply for his Dhcba-'ge, every such Debtor (bill p^odiue to the Cou-t (to which he flaa 11 make Application for <uch Discharpe) a Certificate in Wnt n signed determined by an Oiffie: properly iu horised to engage or enlist Men for his Majesty's Sea or Lind Servi e [as the Case may heJ, kitting forth that he was on the Day of

[insert the Date] engaged or erlifted [as the Case may be] to serve as-a Mariner or Sufi ier in his Majesty's bea or Land Service for the Teirn of which CcitEcate shall be atttfled by one or more

credible Wiutcfs or Witnesses; and in case such Certificate shall not he produced, or shall not he properly authenticated in Manne. a for dfiid, to the Satiskdion of the Justices before whom any such Debtor Hull be brought, or come, he shall, if a Prisoner, be remanded back to the Prtkn fi om whence he came, there to remain unfil he fhfil have fully complied with the Directions fore kid, or shall by other legal Means sooner obtain his Discharge.

LXV. Provided always and be it enacted, That no Person who hath been tendered to be surrendered in Discharge of his or htr Bail, in pursuance of a certain Act of Parliament, made in the last Session of Parliament intituled, An Act to prevent any Affchief or Inconvenience which, may evife to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or ethers, ly the Prisoners in fever a I Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, having hern Jet at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrections \ and also in pursuance of a certain Act of Parliament, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to extend the ProAftons contained in an Act passed in the If! Sefieri of Parliament, intituled4‘ An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may rnfe to hn< rifts Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others, 44 by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of Lon eo? 9. u having been (ct at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrections," to Persons an (fed and bailed frue the Dtfirkfdion of the said Gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other Prisons substituted in lieu thereof; (full, on account thereof, be deemed or taken to be a Person in actual Custody within the true Intent ai of Meaning of this Act; the kid recited Act, or any Thing therein contained, to the contrary thereof »a aflywise notwithstanding.

Wlu*ie mututl

Credit has b en giver?, the 8*-bnee to be areef and Jluvvcd.

Persons cinrn-n itt J lor not payi/ Money awarded onJer Snb.T i/iior.s to-Aibimmon, ani for not Cuflr, &c.

are fa

the fknefit of ihis Att.

Piioners, /fpori-Proce.s out of Courts of Conference, to have the Benefit of v is A a, Quaker’s Affirnution to be taken in !icu of an Oath.

Persons who have taken the Bern fit of any Insolvent Act within ten Year?, Sec. cx-clrj.d from this-Ad;

Ixj': t:cn.

Debtots v/ho have taken such, Benefit, and finall* apply for Lhf-charj.e undertli!? Act, to producer to the Court a Certificate, figa-ed by a pioj er Orfictr, ffting

f. rth i^af triey are inhfh d to serve Ins Ma-jtfty, &c.

No Person who hath h-en ten-de r d to re fi>r* rencered in Dif-cha ye of liaU, in pjr-war c: ef 20 Geo. 1. I. Cap. 64..; or 2t Geo. lU.Cap. i. j,

fli ill, on that

/»1 count, be 1 cfn.ert to Imt in: actual Cuiloq^fc.

126

Tjiii Act not to extend to Scotland,

[Preamble.]

Recital of Cap. 55. of the present Session,

Part of the recited Act repealed.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 17 Geo. IJ. Cap. *7«i

C. 64., 65. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

LXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts, in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts, in lieu thereof \ for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of t1?e additional Duties imposed on Malt, and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliaments with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds p‘r C<n u n upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act )s it is, amongst other Things, declared and enabled, That all Judgments of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, for the Condemnation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects, seized as forfeited under the said recited, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, as final and con- elusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any Judgment for the Condemnation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects, given in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer: And it is thereby further provided, enacted, and declared, That such Judgments of the Commissioners of Excise and Justices of the Peace respectively, shall be subject and liable to Appeal in all Cases in which any Appeal is, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, given or allowed: And whereas divers Importers of Spirituous Liquors, Distillers, Rectifiers, Compounders, and Tea Dealers, on Behalf of themselves and others, on the nineteenth Day of Junes °ne thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, whilst the said recited Act was depending in the House of Commons, did petition the said House against the said Clauses (amongst other Things j, and praying that they might be heard by their Counsel against the fame; and Leave was accordingly given by the said House for the Petitioners to be heard against the said Clauses, upon the Report of the said Act: And whereas it was intended to leave out the said Clauses, in order that the Force and Effect of the said Judgments of Commissioners of Excise, and Justices of the Peace, might be tried and deter- mined in a due Course of Law; but the said Clauses were by Mistake continued, and (land Part of the said Adi\ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Clauses shall be, and the same are hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public from the time the Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, until the first Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and also for securing to the Public in respect thereof, for a Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the sole and exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the Monies arisen* or to arise, by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors* granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament\ and for explaining and amending the said Act, in relation to the Retailers fif such Liquors; and for

127

A.D. 178^. AnnG vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65.

establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies), it c was, amongst other Things, enacted, Thrft the United Company of Merchants of England trading to c th* East Indies should, subject to the Proviso of Determination therein-after contained, have, use, and enjoy, and should continue to have, use, and enjoy, the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade and Traffic,

and the only Liberty, Use, and Privilege of trading, trafficking, or using or exercising the Trade or Business of Merchandize in, to, and from the East Indies, and from all the Islands, Ports, Havens,

Coasts, Cities, Towns, and Places, between the Cape of Good Hope and Ihe Streights of Magellan \ and Limits, in an AfX made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, or in a Charter of the said fifth Day of September^ in the tenth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, mentioned, in as ample and beneficial a Manner as the said Company could thereby or otherwise lawfully trade thereto, with such Prohibition to all other his Majesty's oubjects to trade thereto, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as in the said Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second; and by the said last mentioned Act it was provided and enacted, That at any Time, upon three Years Notice to be given by Parliament after the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, upon the Expiration of the said three Years, and Repayment to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, of the Capital Stock, Debt, or Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, in the said Act mentioned, and all Arrears of Annuity payable in respect thereof, in case the same should not have before been repaid, then, and from thenceforth, and not before or sooner, the said Right, Title, and Interest,

of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to the whole, foie,

and exclusive Trade ro the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid, should cease and determine: And whereas,

on the fevemh Day of Aprif one thousand seven hundred and eighty, Notice was given to the said United Company, pursuant to the Power reserved in the said recited Ac} for that Purpose, that the Capital Stock, Debt, or Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and all Arrears of Annuity inrefpetf thereof, due from the Public to the said United Company, would be redeemed and paid off on the tenth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three: And whereas, by an Act made 7 Geo. III.

in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement Cap. 57.J 4 for the Payment of the annual Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies), it was directed, That the said United Company, and their Successors, should advance and pay into the Re-1 c*ipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's Use, the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for and during the Term of two Years, to be computed from the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, by Half-yearly Payments of two hundred thousand Pounds each, at or before such Times as are therein limited; and it was thereby enacted and declared, That all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies, should remain in Pofief- fion of the said United Company, and their Successors, during the said Term of two Years, to be com- puled from the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven: And whereas, by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled An Aid for carrying into Execution certain Propofols made by the East India Company for the Payment of the annual Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies), it was directed. That the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, should advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer,

for his Majesty's Use, the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum^ for and during the Term of five Years, to be computed from the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- nine, at or before such Times as are therein limited; and it was thereby enacted and declared, That all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues (in the said recited Act} before mentioned) lately obtained in the East Indies, should remain in Possession of the said United Company, and their Successors, during the said Term of five Years: And whereas, by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his ij Geo. in,

present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer C*p. H

Bills; and to be advanced and applied, in the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies), it is, among other Things, recited, That the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies did then labour, and had for some Time past laboured under great and unusual Difficulties in carrying on of their Affairs,

from which it greatly imported the Public, as well as the said United Company, that they should, as speedily as possible, be relieved; and, by the said Act, Provision was made for advancing to the said United Company, by Way of Loan from the Public, the Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds: And it was by the said Act also recited. That, in the then Circumstances of th East India Company, it would not be in their Power to provide for the Repayment of such Loan, and for establishing their Affairs upon a more secure Foundation for the Time to come, unless the Public should agree to forego for the present all Participation in the Profits arising from the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, in order that Provision be made by Parliament for applying as well the Whole of the Profits arising from the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, as well as the Revenue and Profits of the Company, after providing for certain necessary Payments and Deductions to be made thereout, to the Repayment of the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, and to the Reduction of the Company’s Bond Debt: And by the said Act it was enacted,

That, until the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds should have been repaid, and the Bond Debt of the said Company be reduced to the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds,

the wholedear Profits arising from the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expenres attending the same, together with all the dear Revenue and Profits of the said

Company, after providing for the current Payments of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and

9 Geo. III. C»f. H i

128

T9 Geo. III. Cap. 61.

fco Geo. III. Cap. 56.

C. 65. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Expences of the said Company, should from Time to Time be disposed of and applied in Manner following; (that is to say,) until the Whole of the Moneys advanced and applied as aforesaid, should have been repaid, it should and might be lawful, out of the said clear Revenues and Profits, to let apart and apply, in the first place, such bum as might be sufficient for answering a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum upm thz Capital Stock of the said Company; and all the Surplus of the said cleir Revenue and Pr< fi;$ fln>u!J 4 be applied in Diminution of the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, or such Pact thereof as should be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the Charges incurred in respect thereof; and after the R<pi\rnent of the Whole of the Momy so advanced and ajpliid as afi-rcaij, and until the Bi nd Debt of the said Company should be reduted to the Sum of one million he hunched thousand Pounds, it should and might be lawful, in like Manner, to ft apart and apply, in the full place, out of the said clear Revenues and Profits, (ut h Sum as might be ftfiicunt for answering a Dividend not exceeding the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the find Company; after which, all the Surplus of the said dear Revenues and Profits should be applied in reducing the Bond Debt of the said Company: And whereas, by a certain other Act of Parliament, n sde in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for continuing in the Pfjji.n of tie United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indus, for a limited Time, and under certain Condi- tions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately oltaire I in the East Indies; and for continuing^ for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his fnfnt Mffly, inti tided, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe f as will expire in the C u ft of the present Year), it is, amongst other Things, recited, That the said Sum of one million lour bunded th 'u an J Emin is had been repaid ?.iid fully discharged, and all the Charges incurred in respect hereof had been def. ayeJ, and the Bond Debt of the fain Company h >6 bec*n reduced ro or unde; the Sum of one mil.ion five hundred thousand Pounds, whereby the CimjmfLnces, in Consideration whereof it was in 1 he aforesaid Act declared, that the Public should agree to foicgo, for the then present Time, all Participation in tire Profit arising from the Territorial Acquisitiors an 1 Revenues lately obtained in the East b.cies, ha c ce.iftd and are determined; bat whereas, no: vrthfijnding it might be expedient tint the afijn fi id Territorial Acquisith ns and Revenues should, for a limited inn, and under certain Condition^ an 1 ReiCictions, remain in the Pofldfion of the United Company of Men hints of England trading to the East Indies: And by the said recited Act it was enabled, 1 h it all ihc 7 cr* itorial Aiquiluions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies fl.oid remain in the PofldTioq of the United Company of iYh reliant* of England trading to the East Indies, and the r Successors, for and during the Teim of one Year, to be computed from the fifth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine: And it was also, by the said last recited Act, further provided and ennfied, That, for and during the said Term, the whole clear Profits ar ifing trom the Did Ten itorial Acquisitions and Revenues*, after defraying the Chnges and Expences attending the same, together with all the dear Revenue and Picfi s of the said Company, after providing for the current Payments of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company, should be disposed of and applied in Manner following; (that is to say,)

it (Putrid arul might be lawful, out of the said clear Revenues ziu) Profits, to set apart and apply, in the first place, such Sum as might be sufficient for answering a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company; after which the whole Smplus of the fa>d clear Revenues and Profits should be rderved, and awuit any future Agreement that mighr be made between the Public and the said Cnm- pany: And whereas, by a ctrlain other Act of Parliament, oafll-d in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Maji fty (intituled, An Act for continuing in the Pjffnn of the United Company of Merchants 4 oj' England f acting to the East Indies, for a further Time, an I under certain Conditions, the Territorial Ac- qu'jitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for reviving, and continuing for a further Time%

so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his prjmt Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of tire Aftftirs of the East India Company,' 44 as well in India as in Europeas hath expired in the Course of tic prefer,t Year; a id for indemnifying the < said Company for any Money they have paid, or may pay, m or about the building of three Ships of the Line*

for the Service of the Public), it is enacted, That all the said Territorial Acqm/i ions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies fhmnd remain in the Possession of the Did United Company of Merchants' 4 of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, for and during the further Te rn of one Year/ 4 to be computed (tom the fifth Day of April, in the Year of our Lo'd one thousand seven hundred and' 4 eighty, upon the same Conditions and Rtftiiflions as are contained in the said recited Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: And whereas the said Sum of one million four* hundred thousand Pounds was repaid and fully dili hanged, and all the Charges incurred in respect thereof were defrayed, and the Bond Debt of the said United Company was reduced to or under the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-cignt; and the said United Company have, in ivirfuance of the several recited Acts, remained in the Possession of all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in thr East'

Indies, and have, out of the Profits arising from the same, and the Revenue and Profits of the said Unfed* Company, made a Dividend to the JYop-ierors of the Stock of the said Company of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Capital Stcclc of the said Company, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fiventy-seven: And whereas the said United Company presented a Petition to the House of Commons, on the twenty sixth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, fitting* forth, that they were desirous to have the exclusive Trade in, to, and from the East Indies, continued to them for a further Term of Years, and were willing that the Public should

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. 129

participate wfth them in the Profits arising from the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately ob- tained in the East Indies; and that the said United Company, at several General Courts lately held, had taken into Confederation the Terms and Conditions of an Agreement to be made between the Public and the said United Company; and at a Court of Proprietors, held on the twenty-fifih Day of the said Month of June, the said United Company agreed to the Propositions annexed to their said Petition for those Purposes, and for the Purpose of establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of their Affairs, by which said Propositions the said United Company did offer to advance and pay into his Majesty's Exchequer, by Installments, in the Course of the prefenc Year, the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, in full Discharge of all the Claims of the Public upon the said United Company until the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and proposid that the said United Company mould remain in Possession of all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately acquited in the East Indies, for and during the Term of the exclusive Trade ro be granted to the said United Company, without Prejudice to the Claim of the Public or of the said United Company 5 and that the Par- ticipation between the Public and the said United C( mpany should be in the Manner, and upon the Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned and declared May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds shall, by the said Unircd 400,0001, to be Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Pa,d ,ntotht Exchequer, at the Times and in the Proportions following; that is to say. The Sum of one hundred company, by* thousand Pounds on or before the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; the uuilmenv*/ further Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds on or before the first Day of Olhber then next following; the further Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds on or before the first Day of November then next following; and the remaining Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds on or before the first Day of December then next following; for the Use of the Public, in full Difihjrge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public upon the said United Company, from the Time the Bond Debt of the said United Company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand Pounds, until the ffift Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ei^hty-one: And in case the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, shall make Failure in any of the said Payments hereby appointed to be made into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer on or before the respective Days or Times herein-before limited, that then, and from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall so happen, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's Use by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Edoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eqjl Indies, or their Successors, are indebted to his Majesty the Monies of which they have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill*

Suit, or Information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's Use, against the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, Damages, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the respective Monies so unpaid contrary to this Act, together with full Costs of Suit; and the said United Company, and their Successors, and all their Stock, bunds, and all other their Estates and Property whatsoever and wheresoever, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of such Monies, Damages, and Costs.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proviso contained in the said in Part The Proven ;n

recited Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for 17 Geo. n. determining the Right, Title, and Interest of the said United Company to the whole, foie, and exclusive *7* far fit*

Trade to the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void, *er^g^hae.c and the Notice herein-before mentioned to have been given in pursuance of the Power reserved by the said ©t* thVcomrany, Proviso, to determine the fide and exclusive Trade of the said United Company, is hereby made and de- &c. pealed. dared to be void and of no Effect.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company of ThcRightto

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall (subject to the Proviso of Determination herein after exclusive

contained) have, use, and enjoy, and shall continue to have, use, and enjoy, the whole, foie, and ex- *? the

elusive Trade and Traffick, and the only Liberty, Use, and Privilege, of trading, trafficking, and exer-

ciling the Trade or Business of Merchandise, in, to, and from the East Indies, and in, to, and from all company, the islands. Ports, Havens, Coasts, Cities, Towns, and Places, between the Cape of Good Hope and Streights of Magellan, and Limits, in the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, or in the said Charter of the fifth Day of September, in the tenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, mentioned, in as ample and beneficial Manner as the said Company could thereby, or otherwise lawfully trade thereto; and the said East Indies, orthelflinds. Havens, Coasts, Ports, Cities,

Towns, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid, or any of them, shall not from henceforth, at any Time before such Determination of the said sole and whole Trade of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, as is herein after mentioned, be repaired or failed to, visited, frequented, or haunted, by any other the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors whatsoever: Penalty nn And if any of the said Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of what Degree or Quality soever fens trading thi-,they be, other than the Favors, Agents, and Servants of the said United Company of Merchants of Eyig-land trading to the East Indies, or such as shall be by them thereunto licensed or authorised, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, before such Determination of the said Company’s whole and sole Trade as fttoresaid, direct, or indirectly fail* or eo to, visit, haunt* frequent, tralfick, trade, or adventure in, to,

130 C. 65.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

The Company

to enjoy all tlift Profits, Privileges, 5ce. granted by: nvr Act* or Char-lets.

and not altered by this Act*

Continuance of the Term granted to the Company of the exclusive Right to trade to the East Inc its*

The Company, after the Determination of their exclusive Rghf, may continue to trade with their Joint Stock, &c.

What shall be

tieeir.ed a good Notice to the Company,

The Territorial Acquisitions to remain in the Possession of the Company,

Kn;v the Profits arising from the Territorial Ac-^ui fit ions, and the Trade of the

or from, the said East Indies, or other the Limits or Parts aforesaid, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, all and every such Offender and Offenders shall incur the Forfeiture and Loss of all the Ships and Vessels which shall be employed in such Voyage, Trade, Traffick, or Adventure, with the Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, thereunto belonging; and also all the Goods laden thereupon, or that were, or shall be sent to, acquired, traded, trafficked, or adventured, within the said East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, and all the Proceeds and Effects of the same, and every of them, and double the Value thereof; which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be so sued for, seized, difiubuted and distributable, recovered and recoverable, as in and by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majestys Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Comnv'[[ions; and for encouraging, and further fcuring, the lawful Trade thereto \ and for jur-ther regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Ounce), is appointed, directed, and enacted*. concerning the Penalties and Forfeitures in that Act mentioned or referred to, with respect to the said United Company, or their Trade to the East Indies.

IV. And moreover, it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall, at all Times hereafter for ever, subject as aforesaid* have, hold, and enjoy, ani be intitled unto* all and every the Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Privileges, Franchises, Ahilit c>, Cap ci ics, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Remedies, Methods of Suir, and all Penalties an I Forfeitures, and Disabilities, Provifnns, Matters, and Things v/hatsoever* which hv any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters founded thereupon, or by any Clause or Cl tufis in tr.e said Acts or Charters contained, are enacted, given, granted, provided, inflicted, limited, eftaol fheo or declared, to, for, touching, or concerning the said Company, or Body Politic and Corporate, eiihe by the Name of The General Society, intitled to the Advantages given by an Act of Parliament for ad~ varying a Sum not exceeding two Millions, for the Service of the Crown of England, or the said Body Politic and Corporate, called by the Name of The English Company trading to the East Indies, or the said Body Politic and Corporate, now called by the Name ot The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not by this Act altered, or intended to be altered, act o. ding to the 'i enor and true Meaning of the said Acts and Charters, freed and discharged from all Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption and Determination therein contained; and the same, and every of them, are hereby ratified and confirmed, and shall continue to be held and enjoyed, and be practised, and put in Execution, by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, for the better and more effectual h tiling and securing to them, and their hucctflors, the whole, fide, and exclusive Trade to the East Indies. and Parts aforesaid; and for the preventing all other his Majesty's Subjects trading thither, and for securing also their Pofldfi;ns, Estate, and Effects, and governing their Affairs and Business, in all Respects as fully and effectually as if the same Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Trade, Privileges, Franchises, Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Remedies, Methods of Suit, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Provisions, Matters, and Things, were feveraEy reptated, and at large re-enadf d, in the Body of this Act; subject nevertheless to such Reitridions, Covenants, and Agreements* as are contained in the said Acts and Letters Patent now in Force, and not herein or hereby varied or altered, and subject also to the Proviso herein after mentioned.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, upon three Years Notice to be given by Parliament, after the first Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, upon the Expiration of the said three Years, and Repayment to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indus, or their Successors, of the Lid Capital btovk. Debt, or Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and al) Arrets of Annuity payable in respect thereof, in case the same shall nut have bten before repaid; then, and from thenceforth, and not before, or sooner, the said Right, Ti lc, and Intend, of th said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade to the East Indies, and Parts afi.resaid, shall ccafe and determine.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in the above Proviso, or m any

Proviso in rbe said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his Lid late Majesty King William the f bird, or in the said Charter of the fifth Day of September, in the tenth Year of his said late Reign, or

in any other Act or Charter contained, shall extend, or be confiiued to extend* to determine the Corporation of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or to hinder, prevent, or exclude, the said United Company from carrying on, at all Times after such Determination of the Right to t.:e foie, whole, and exclusive Trade, as aforesaid, a free Trade in, to, and from the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid, with all or any Part of their own Joint Stock in Trade, Goods, Merchandizes, Elftate, and Eftedls, in common with other the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, trading in, to, c r from those Parts.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Notice in Writing, signified by the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, by Order of the said House, shall be deemed and adjudged a due and proper Notice by Parliament, to and for all the Ends, Intents, ami Purposes, for which such Notices are directed by this ASX to be given to the said Company.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies shall remain in the Pofh lfion of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for and during the 'Perm of the exclusive Trade granted to the said United Company.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first: Day of Marcby one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for and during so long Time as the said United Company* under the Authority of this present Act, shall be intitled to the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade and Trafficking to* and from the East Indits> and Places aforesaid, the \vhole clear Profits anfing from the

iaid

A.D. 17 St. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65.

aid Territorial Acqu’fitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attending the same, together with all the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company, after providing for the current Payments of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company, shall from Time to Time be disposed of and applied in Manner following; (that is to say,) it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company to set apart and retain, in the first Place, in each and every Year, such Sum as shall be equal to eight Pounds per Centu/n per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said United Company of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds; and in case there shall remain a Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits above the said Sum of eight Pounds per Cenium per Annum, so to be retained by the said United Company as aforesaid, three fourth Parts of such Surplus Profits shall be set apart and applied for the Use of the Public, and the remaining fourth Part thereof shall be reserved and retained by the said United Company for their own Use.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surplus Profits appropriated to the Public as aforesaid, shall be paid annually into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, as herein after mentioned, and shall be there reserved for the Dispofuion of Parliament.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Bast Indies, and their Successors, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's use, the Parts and Proportions of the clear Revenue and Profits herein before directed to be set apart and applied for the Use of the Public, on or before the first Day of May in each and every Year and in case the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, shall make Failure in Payment hereby appointed to be made, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on or before the said first Day of May in each and every Year, that then, and in such Case, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no tfloin, Pro-teflion, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill* Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Bast Indies, or their Successors, are indebted to his Majesty the Monies of which they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's Use, against the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, Damages after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum for the respective Monies so unpaid, contrary to this Act, together with full Costs of Suit; and the said United Company, and their Successors, and all their Stock, Funds, and all ocher their Estates and Property whatsoever and wheresoever, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of such Monies, Damages, and Costs.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company to apply such Money as they are herein-before authorised to retain to themselves out of the yearly nett Profits of the said United Company, and also so much Money as they shall receive in respect of the Fourth Part of the Expence of victualling his Majesty's Ships and Vessels in the East Indies, herein after directed to be paid to the said United Company, during the Continuance of the War with France, Spain, and Holland, together with the surplus Profits belonging to the said United Company on the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eigluy-onc, after Payment of the said Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds to the Public, as herein-before is directed, not exceeding two hundred eighty-eight thousand and twenty-five Pounds, seventeen Shillings, and Ten-pence* in the Payment of Dividends to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said United Company, not exceeding the Rate of twelve Pounds, ten Shillings per Centum ter Annum; provided that the Bond Debt of the said United Company shall not at any such Time exceed the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds; and provided that they do not increase the present Dividend of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum more than at the Rate of one Pound per Centum in each and every Year.

XIII. And, in order to ascertain the yearly net Profits arising from the said United Company’s Trade and Revenues,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company shall, and they are hereby directed and required, to cause to be made up yearly, for each and every Year during the Term before-mentioned, with as much Accuracy as the Nature of the Case will admit, a Statement of the Profit and Loss upon the Whole of the Trade and Revenues of the said United Company, together with a State of the Debts of the said United Company in England, from the first Day of March in every Year, to the first Day of March in each succeeding Year, the fiill of which Statements or Accounts shall be made up to the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and every such Statement or Account shall be fairly written, and shall be signed by two or more of the Directors of the said United Company, and transmitted, within thirty Days after the Day to which such Statements or Accounts shall be made up respectively, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company shall cause to be made out, at the same Time with the Account herein-before directed, an Account of the Value of all the Lid United Company’s Goods which shall remain unfold in their Warehouses in England at the Time of making up the said Account, exclusive of Discounts, Customs, Commission to Supercargoes, and of all and every other Charge whatsoever to be deducted therefrom; which Account shall be fairly written, and shall be signed by two or more of the Directors of the said United Company, and transmitted, with the Account herein-before mentioned, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury* or the High Treasurer for the Time being.

S 2 XV. And

Company, shall be di/posed of.

Surpluf Pro/ltl

appropriated to the Public to be paid annually into the Exchequer*

The said Payments to be made on or before May i, in every Year.

On Failure of Payment, how the Money shall be recofered.

The Company4* Share of the nett Profit*, and the Money they shall receive for victualling Ship* in the East Indies how to be applied.

A Statement of the Profit and Loft upon the Trade and Revenues of th'Conv* pany, with a StJte of their Debts, to be made up yearly, l:jned by two Director*, and transmitted to the Commission-cr3 of the Trea-fur);

And also an Account of the Value of all Goodsremaininj unfold in their Warthouses in England, cxcIj-

f'VC Of Oism

esunu, &c«

132 C. 65. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Accounts of the

frofs Amount of the Territorial Revenues, and of mlJ the Compi-ry's D.fbur'e-mentf, &c. to be made up annually, and deliver* cd 10 the Corn-zniilioners of the

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Accounts of the gross Amount of all the Texiitorial Revenues teceived by the said United Company, and of all their Disbursemems, Charges of Management, Civil, Military, and other Expences and Charges, and also of the said United Company’s Debts at each of their Settlements in the East Indies, and Accounts of their nett Proceeds at each of their Settlements in the East Indies, shall be made tip annually, and delivered to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, on or as soon after the fix ft Day of March, in each Year, as the Receipt of the necessary Materials from the East Indies shall enable the said United Company to prepaie such Accounts.

Treasury.

Directors to by Copies of said Account! before a General Court.

The Company to pay to his Ma-jrfly two Lacks of Rupees per Ann. for each Regiment of rcco Men ftnt to the East Li* d es by their Dttfie, &c.

From July 5, 1782, during Hostilities with France, &c. the Company to supply the Victualling for his Majesty's Ship* robe sent to the East Indies upon their Re^uifition, &c.

Commoners *)t the Treasury to pay to the Company one fourth Part of the Value of such Vid trailing.

In case the Company shall not be able to make a Dividend ot eight per Cent, then file Pubiir ftu!l lepay more thin a fourth Part of the Experets of V.dualling.

Corrpany to flip-ply such Victualling alter the Rdi.'-ration of Pe^ce.

Com par v to send to th v.aft Indies such Naval and Aiikury Storet

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Directors of the said United Company shall cause Copies of the said Account.*, so directed to be made up as aforesaid, to be laid before the General Court of Proprietors, to be holden next after the same shall be so made up.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company shall, and they are hereby required to pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the East Indies, two Lacks of current Rupees per Annum for each and every Regiment confiding of one thousand Men, already sent, or hereafter to be lent, by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said United Company, over and above the Extraordinaries now borne and defrayed by the said United Company, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Number of Men, and for any greater or less Space of Time; such Payment to be computed, with respect to the Forces already sent, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and with respect to such Forces as hereafter shall be lent to the East Indies, from the Time of the Embarkation of such Forces, and shall be paid until the Return of the said Regiments to Great Britain, or for so long Time as the said United Company shall be possessed of the Territo. ial Revenues in the Provinces of Bengal* Dakar, and* Orijja; which said Payment shall be made in Manner following; that is to say, The Sjbli lienee of such Forces there shall be regularly paid to the Orders of the Officers commanding each respective Regiment, and the Remainder of such Allowances shall be paid according to such Regulations a* shall be settled between the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces and the Secretary at War for the Time being, and the Court of Directors of the said United Company.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the filth Day of Ji //, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until Peace shall be restored with France, Spain, and Holland, the said United Company shall provide and supply all the Victualling to be delivered in the East Indies necessary for his Majesty's Ships and Vessels already sent, or hereafter to be sent, to the East Indies, upon the Requisition of the said United Company, and also for the sick and hurt Seamen begging to such Ships and Veil'd?, during the Time such Ships and Veflds shall be employed in the East Indies; and that a just and true Account shall be kept thereof, and shall be properly authenticated and vouched by the Governor, or Proficient and Council of the said United Company’s Settlements in India respectively, where such Victualling shall be provided and supplied; and such Account shall, from Time to Time, he transmitted to the Court of Directors of the said United Company, who are hereby lequired to lay such Accounts before the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, who shall thereupon refer the said Accounts to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, Victualling, and Sick and Wounded Seamen, to be considered in the proper Offices; and all such Victualling so provided and supplied as aforesaid, shall be put in Charge against the Officer or Officers to whom the same was delivered, or against the Hospital for Sick and Huit respectively, as the Case may be; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, rr the High Treasurer for the Time being, from Time to Time, during the Time aforesaid, within forty Days after the Receipt of such Accounts so properly authenticated and vouched as aforesaid, shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the said United Company, one fourth Part of the total Amount of the Value of all such Victualling so provided by the (bio United Company which Sum, so paid, shall be deermd and taken to be the sole Right and Property of the said United Company, freed and discharged from all Claims or Right of Participation on the Behalf of the Public, and shall be set apart and applied for the Use and Benefit of the said United Company: And in case it shall happen at any Time during the Time aforesaid, that, by Means of the said United Company being put to Inch Expences on Account of providing and supplyng such Victualling as aforesaid, the nett Profits of the said United Company realised in Great Britain, shall be so reduced as not to be sufficient, together whh one fourth Part of such Expences, as to produce ro the said United Company a Sum equal to eight Pounds per Centum per Annum upon their Capital Stock of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, that then and in every such Case the Public shall iepay in Great Britain so much more of the Expences of proviefing and supplying such Vidlcalling for his Majt fly’s Ships and Vessels (if the Amiumt of the Value of such Victualling, so provided and supplied as aforesaid, be equal thereto), as shall be fuftfi it nt to make up to the said United Company a Sum equal to a Dividend of e*ght Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Capital Stock of the said United Company, such Payments to be made in Sterling Money of Great Britain, the Exchange for the Rupee being rated and taken at the usual curient Price of the Rupee at the Time the same shall be advanced and paid in the East Indies.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after Peace shall be restored with France, Spain, and Holland, the said LTnited Company (half, in like Manner, provide and supply all such Victualling at their own proper Expr rcc, Cost, and Charge.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company shall, as soon as they dial 1 be enable ! so to do, on the Requisition and under the Inspection of the Commissioners of his* fyLjdty’s Navy and Office of Ordnance, send out to the East Indies such Naval and Military Steves, in such Quantities, and of such Quality, and to such Places, as the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy

shall

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo prirtio Georgii III. c. 65. IJJ

shalldirefl; and the said United Company shall make timely Requisition to the Commissioners of his the Commif-Mjjdly’s Navy for such Naval and Military Stores as cannot be provided by the said United Company 5 {j^1*®? and the said United Company shall also p.iy to the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy for all such c. 1

Naval and Military Stores so provided by them: And for-all iu< h Naval and M litary Stores exported from Great Britain to the £Wy? Indies, by the said United Company, upon the Requisitions of the Commissioners toUie^mpin!r of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the H gh Treasurer for the Time within 40 Dayir being, shall, wirhin forty Days after an Account of such Naval and Military Stoes shall have been so after delivering actually exported, and Proof made thereof, and Certificates shall be delivered of such Exportation to the in the Account, Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, pay and advance, or cause to be paid and advanced, to the said Sum n«»r-Unired Company, by Way of Impieft, upon Account of such Naval and Military Scores, a Sum of Money v»lue o/fudT nearly adequate to the Value thereof; and the Remainder of the Value of such Stores shall be paid for Stores, after they shall be delivered in the East Indies, for the Use of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels, within forty The Rcmainfj.r Days next after Certificates shall have been delivered to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the of the Value H:feh Treasurer for the Time being, that such Naval and Military Stores have been furnished and supplied when to be paid, to any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels employed in the East Indies j which Certificates the Officer or Officers receiving the said Naval and Military Stores is and are hereby required to give the said United Company in Triplicate, on Delivery of such Stores.

VI. Provided always, That in case the Loss or Damage of the said Naval and Military S:ores, or of In case such any Part thereof, by Sea, or by being taken or destroyed by Enemies, or by any other Accident not im- ^orts should be putable to, or occasioned by, the Fault or Neglect of the said United Company, or their Servants, or any u!tcn by.E?V’ Person employed by them, the said Imprest shall be allowed to the said United Company; and moreover ^voiluMe / c-the said United Company shall be paid the Surplus Value of such Naval and Military Stores, beyond the cident, the*

Sum (o imprested to them as aforesaid. Cumpan>tobe

pjid the full Value thereof,

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Fro June 54, Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, the said United Company shall, to the utmost 17S2, the Cum-of their Power, supply, for the Wear and Tear and Repairs of such Ships and Vessels belonging to his Pfiny to f"PPJy M-qefly as shall be employed in the East Indies, all such Naval and Military Stores as shall be required by ta« stores for1" the Officer commanding the Fleet in the East Indies, or by any Officer commanding any of his Majesty's Repairs, dec. of Ship* or Vessels so employed in the East Indies, such Officer giving triplicate Certificates for such Naval his Majesty's and Military Stores; and the prime Cost of all such Naval and Military Stores as shall be supplied in the Shipstn the Eafr East Indies for the Use of his Majesty's Navy, shall be repaid to the said United Company in England, IjldlC6S

until Peace shall be restored with France, Spain, and Holland, within forty Days after Certificates shall have been delivered to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or to the High Treasurer for the *p*"jbythe Time being, that such Naval and Military Stores have been furnished and supplied to any of his Majesty's Tmfu.y, during Ships and vessels so employed in the East Indies. Hostilities with

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after Peace shall be re- France, &c. stored with France, Spain, and Holland, the said United Company, so long as they shall remain in the But after the Possession of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijja, Rcrtoration of shall furnish, at their own proper Costl and Charges, such Naval and Military Stores as shall be necessary Pe«e, the Coman J b? required for the Use of such of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels as shall, at the Request of the said United Company, remain on Service in the East Indies in Time of Peace with the European Powers, for ^OJll a\ their which Certificates shall be granted by the Officers commanding such Ships and Vessels respectively; and all own Expense, Certificates so granted for such Naval and Military Stores, shall be sent to the Court of Directors of the said United Company, and shall be by the said Court of Directors transmitted to the Commissioners of his Mij;fly’s Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being; and such Certificates, so transmitted,

shall be sent to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy and Office of Ordnance, who are hereby required to put the same in Charge against the Officers respectively receiving such Naval and Military Stores

XXIV. And, in order to prevent any extravagant' Demand being made, or any Frauds being committed in the victualling any of his Ships or Vessels, and in supplying them in Naval and Mili-

tary Stores, and that all Expences relating thereto may be properly checked and controuled,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, and the Commissioners Commissioner* of victualling, and sick and wounded Seamen, and Office of Ordnance, and the Court of Dire^ors of the of the Navy, &c, said United Company, shall settle and efiabhfh such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the providing and the Court<f such Supplies, and in paying such Expences as aforesaid, as they shall see proper; and all such Rules,

Offiers, and Regulations, shall be observed and obeyed, as well by the Servants of the said United Com- Ltionl ft.r pro

pany, as by the Officers of his Majesty's Navy respectively; and the Accounts of such Supplies and Ex- viviingStoics,&c

pences shall be returned, examined, checked, and passed, in such Manner as by the said Rules, Ordets, Monies or Stores and Regulations shall be established; And in case it shall appear, upon the Examination of such Accounts, not accounted that any Monies or Stores, received by any of his Majesty's Officers, shall not be properly accounted for, for by offic ttr the Amount and Value thereof shall be recovered from such Officer or Officers, by such Ways and Means howl° bcie-as shall be agreeable to the Usage and Custom of the Navy in such cases; and such Part of the Money so covered* recovered, as shall have arisen during the War with France, Spain, and Holland, shall be paid and applied for ffie Use of his Majesty, and such Part as shall have arisen subsequent to the End of the War with France>

Spain, and Holland, shall be paid to the said United Company.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rights, Interests, Reservation of Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, which are now vested in the said United Company of Merchants of *j*c £,ght* England trading to the East Indies, and which are not hereby expressly taken away, altered, or varied, shall 1 6

3 "t5oOg

134-

Restrictioni «n

B»ll< of Exchange drawnon the t'crr-p.iny in t"he East ladies.

J Bills itfued in India and made payable there, Hull not be payable in "England, without iheCon-ftnc of 18 Di-reilore, dec.

British Subject in.l ndia to reside within ten Miles ►of some principal Settlement.

British Subjects refilling in India not to lend Money to any foreign Company, &c.

Penalty on British SuVj &s (other than the Company) who shall fend Indian Goods to Europe.

‘Suits brought by the Court or Di-reffois against private J raaers, &:c not to be stopped, nor the Penalty or Damages mitigated, IcC*

Regulations relative to rrifing Recruit* for the Company*- Service in India.

Defer ter 5 may lie committed.

C. 65. Atmo vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 17S1,

remain to, and continue in the said Company, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had never been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the said United Company, or their SuCvcflo.s, or any of their Officers or Servants on their Account, to accept or otherwise bind the said Company, or then Successors, for the Payment of any Bill or Bills of Exchange, drawn by any of their Oflkeis or Servants, at any or their Presidencies in the East Indies, for any Sum exceeding the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, exclusive of Certificates, to the Amount of eight thousand Pounds, to the Commanders and Officers of each of the Company's Ships, in the Space of any one Year, without the Consent and Order first had and obtained of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, who are hereby respectively authorised to give such Consent, or to make such Order thereon, as they shall judge expedient j and every Acceptance or Engagement made contrary to the true Meaning and Intent of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bill, Promissory Note, or other Obligation for Money, issued, or to be id tied, by any of the said United Company’s Presidents and Councils, or Servants in the East Indies, or in China respectively, and made payable in the Raft Indies, or in China respectively, shall be payable in England, without the Consent of eighteen of the Directors of the Affairs of the said United Company first had and obtained for that Purpose; nor shall the said United Company be liable to the Payment of any Bill, Promissory Note, or other Obligation for Money, issued ot to be issued as aforesaid, and made payable in England, unless accepted by, or by Order of, a Court of Directors.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this ActIf it shall not be lawful for any British Subject or Subjects in the Service of the said United Company, or licenced by them to proceed to India, to reside in any other Place in India than in one of the principal Settlements belonging to the said United Company, or within ten Miles of such principal Settlement, without the special Licence of the said United Company, or of the President or Governor and Council of such principal Settlement, in Writing first had and obtained nor shall any such British Subject or Subjects reside beyond the Limits aforesaid, for any longer Space of Time than shall be specified in the Orders of the said United Company, or his or their Licence or Licences respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Servant or Servants of the said United Company, or any other British Subject or Subjects refuling* in India, to lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Company or Companies, or to any foreign European Merchant or Merchants, or to purchase any Goods in India for or on Account of such foreign Company or Companies, European Merchant or Merchants, or to be concerned in lending such Sum or Sums of Money, or in purchasing such Goods, directly or indirectly, or to furnish such foreign Company or Companies, European Merchant or Merchants, with the Credit of Bills drawn upon the Correspondents of such Servant of Servants, or British Subject or Subjects, or any other Person or Persons in Europe.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for any British Subject, either in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to carry on or be concerned in any Trade or Traffic whatsoever, in fending any Kind of Goods and Merchandizes, the Produce or Manufacture of the East Indies or China, by the Way of Suez, or by any other Channel, to Europe; and in case any British Subject or Subjects shall carry on or be concerned in any such Trade or Traffic as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit and pay to the said United Company Double the Value of the Goods and Merchandizes which shall so be sent to Europe, to be recovered in any Court of Justice in the East Indies, or in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, in case the Court of Directors for the Affairs of the said United Company shall order any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity to be brought against any Person or Persons for trading to or from the East Indies, without or beyond the Licence and Permission of the said United Company, or for any Offence or Offences committed by, or any Misbehaviour of, any such Person or Persons, in his or their Station or Employment in the East Indies, it shall not be lawful for the said Court of Directors of the said United Company to put a Stop to such Suit or Suits, or to remit or mitigate the Penalty, Damages, or Satisfaction fought to be recovered thereby, before a final Judgment or Decree shall be obtained in such Suit or Suits.

XXXII. And whereas it is necessary for the said United Company to keep and maintain a Military Force in the East Indies, and the present Method of obtaining Recruits to keep up the same hath been found very inconvenient and defective be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, by Licence from his Majesty for that Purpose, from Time to Time to enlist such Number of Men, being his Majesty's Subjects, and of such Ages, and for such Time, as shall be expressed in such Licence, to serve them as Soldiers in the East Indies, and to deposit and keep such Men, not exceeding two thousand at any one Time in Time of War, and one thousand at any Time in Time of Peace, at such Place or Places, in any Part of his Majesty's Dominions in Eurofey as shall be approved of for that Purpose by his Majesty, until they can be ffnt to India; and in case any Person or Persons so enlisting and engaging, after he shall have signed an Agreement for that Purpose, and shall have declared before a Magistrate, at the Distance of twenty-four Hours at the least after his first Enlisting, that he freely and voluntarily signed such Agreement, and is willing to go to and serve the said United Company as a Soldier in the East Indies, shall defect from the Place appointed for him to reside at till the Time of his Embarkation to go to the East Indies* or shall refuse to

A.D. 1781*. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65* 135

perform his Agreement, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to apprehend such Person or Persons, and convey him before a Magistrate; and it shall be lawful for such Magistrate, on Proof of the Case, to commit such Person or Persons to Gaol, there to be kept in safe Custody, and maintained at the Expence of the said United Company, until such Person can be fenc to India \ and it shall be lawful for the said United Company to cause such Person or Persons to be conveyed in Custody on Shipboard, to be carried to the East Indies in such Service as aforesaid.

XXXJ1l. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether, agreeable to the Provisions contained in an Act,*

made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation* Goods and Merchandize can lawfully be exported to, and imported from, the East Indies, and Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, in Ships and Vessels the Property of the said United Company, by reason that many Fore goers are Proprietors of Stock of the said United Company: And whereas it is fit and proper that Ships belonging to the said United Company should be considered as British Ships-/ be it therefore enacted by the Autn nity aforesaid, That All Veflefi be-all Ships and Vessels belonging to the said United Company, whe her built or pu'chjfed by the said J^ing to the United Company, shall be considered, deemed, and t^ken to be British) Ships, within the true Intent and (Meaning of the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second; tPh s’hTtw with--and the said United Company in respect thereof shall be intitled to all and every ibe Pr.vneg s and Advan- in thr hf?»n»ng tages in and by the said Act given and granted to the Owners of Ships wholly belonging to British Subjects, of the N the same being navigated in the Manner prefeubed by the Laws now in being respecting British bude r[on *11 Ships; any Thing in the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty Charles the Second m anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court of Dbe&fers of the said United Company shall, and they are hereby required and directed, to deliver to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, or to the High Detfurer for the of fhefre.ruy Time being, Copies of all such Letters and Orders as shall or may any Way relate to the Mm-gement of Cop*»< f all the Revenues of the said United Company, fourteen Days at least before the sending or dispatching of L-nns ttri such Letters and Orders respectively; and in like Manner shall deliver, to one of his M j *ftj'-> princ pal <1ur,/J:,'t:lfvc 0 t Secretaries of State, Copies of all such Letters and Orders as shall or miy any Way re».i:e <0 tm* Civjl ot theiV*k'^!ft and Military Affairs and Government of the said United Company, to any of therr Servants in India, and nj<*5, 14 Days such Copies shall be signed by two or more of the Directors of the said United Company; and that ine said bem e i\»ch Let-Court of Directors of the said United Company shall, and they are hereby required to pay due Obedience ltr>arc Tent; to, and shall be governed and bound by, such Insti unions as they shall receive from his Majesty, determined by one and to one of the of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, so far as relates to the Conduit and TranLctions of the Secretaire? of said United Company, and their Governors, Presidents, and Councils respectively with the Country Powers in the East Indies, and also to the levying War and making Peace, in such Orders a. th said Jc!j1 vMo*ihcir Cnuit of Directors shall from thenceforth give to the Governor and Councilor their Presidency of Fort Civil and Miii-lhilham in Bengal, and also-to their President and Council in the other Settlements respectively oelongvig ury Affaiis, &c# to the said United Company: Provided nevertheless, That irr case the Secretary of State, to whom ine Copies of such Letters aforesaid shall be delivered, shall not, within fourteen Days after the D* livery thereof, communicate such O ders and Instruclmns as aforesaid; in Writing, to the said Court of Directors, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Directors to dispatch and lend such Orders to their Servants in India, in such Manner as they shall think fir.

XXXV. And whereas by another Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Rcc!t, T o^f3 Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Rcgtdations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, it was, among other Things, enacted, fn*i for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, there should be appointed a G #vctno- General,' and Four Councillors, and thar the who’e C*vil and Military Government o* the said Presidency,

and also the Ordering, Management, and" Government, of all the Tern orial Acquisitions and Revenues in the Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and ()rijjay should, during such Time as the Territorial A< quiu- tions and Ktvenues should remain in the Pofletlhm of the fdd United Company, be vested in the said Governor General and Council of the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal; and also thjt the Governor General and four First Councillors, appointed by the said Acd, should each of them halJ and continue in his and their respective Offices for and during the Term of five Years, from the Time of their Arrival at Fort Hi Hi am in Bengal^ and taking upon hem the Government of the said Presidency, and should not be removeable in the mean Time, except by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Representation made by the C- urt of Directors for the said United Company for the Time being; and in case of the Avoidance of the Office of such Governor General by Death, Resignation, or Removal,

his Place should, during the Remainder of the Term aforesaid, as often as the Ca«e should haupen, be supplied by the Person of the Council who shall (land next in Rank to such Governor General; and in case of ih'* Death, Removal, Resignation, or Promotion, of any of the said Council, the Directors of the said United Company were thereby impowered, for and during the Remainder of the said Term of five Years, ro nominate and appoint, by and with the Canfent of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

ro be signified as therein is mentioned, a Person to succeed to the Office to become vacant in the f*i Council and until such Appointment should be made, all the Powers and Authorities vested in the Governor General and Council should rest and continue in, and be exercited and executed by, the Governor General and Council remaining and surviving: And whereas it may be expedient that certain Parts- of the said recited Act, which are expired, should ne revived and continued, subject to such Variations as herein after are mentioned v be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person and The Person j who Persons who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall have and enjoy the Office and Offices of Gover- ^J>vJ:njOC nor General, and Councillors of the said Presidency, shall hold and continue in his and their respective Co^citoloL

136

Tort William in Bengal, at the ,pairing of this Act, lh»ll not be removed during the Continuance of this Act, except by his Majesty, Sec

Dire ft or % with the Consent of his Majesty, may appoint a new Ciovernor General, in c>fc of Death, Reflation, See,

hut he ftnll not heintitled to any Salary, as such, until he actually takes upon him-fell the hud Office.

Directors itn* powered to appoint, with his Majesty's Consent, two Persons to succeed whenever Vacancies shall happen in the said Presidency, &c.

hut the Persons so to be appointed Hull not be intitled to any Sjiary, until they actually take upon themselves the said Office of Councillor.

Commander la Chief of the Company’s Forces, if appointed a Councillor, shall take Rank as Second in Council j but shall not succeed as Governor Gc* neral, without a special

Claims to the Tenitorial Ac-

qu.Citrons not

affefttd.

public Act*

C. 65. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 178 r.

Offices for and during the Continuance of this Act, and shall not be removeable in the mean Time, except by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successor?, upon Representation made by the Court of Directors for the said United Company for the Time being; and shall have and enjoy all and singular the Powers and Authorities verted by the said Act in the First Governor General and four First Councillors by the said Act appointed, and shall be subject to the same Restrictions and Limitations as by the said Act the First Governor General, and Fiirt Four Councillors, were made subject; and that in case of the Avoidance of the Offices of such Governor General, or any of the said Councillors, such Office shall be respectively supplied in the same Manner as the same Office would by the said Act have been supplied during the Remainder of the Term of five Years, which was computed from the Time that the First Governor General, and four Full Councillors, took upon them the Government of the said Presidency.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it Anther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors of the said United Company, and they are hereby impowered to nominate and appoint, by and with the Consent of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be signified under his or their Sign Manual, any one of the Council of the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal* or any other Person, to succeed to the Place and Office of Governor General of the said Presidency tf Foit William in Bengal, and from Time to Time to revoke the said Nomination and Appointment; and the Person so nominated and appointed shall succeed to the said Place or Office when the same shall happen to become vacant by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the Governor General of the Aid Presidency for the Time being, and have all and every the Powers and Authorities of Governor General of the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, in like Manner as if he had succeeded after a Vacancy hjd happened; but nevertheless the Person so to be appointed as aforesaid to succeed to the vacant Office of Governor General of the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be intitled to any Salary, Prequisite, Allowance, or Advantage whatsoever, as Governor General, until he shall become intitled unto, and rake upon bim/clf the said Office of Governor General of the said Presidency; and in case he shall not happen to be at Fort William in Bengal aforesaid, at the Time the said Vacancy shall happen, then and in such Case the said Office shall be supplied, until the Time of his Arrival at Fort William aforesaid, by the senior Councillor of the said Presidency.

XXXVII. And whereas it may he inconvenient to suffer the Office of a Councillor of the said Prefi- dency of Foit William in Bengal ro remain vacant till the same can be supplied in England, after the Advice of fiirh Vacancy be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it ihftl and may be lawful to and for the Directors of the said United Company, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint, by and with the Consent of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be signified under his or their Sign iYlanual, one or two Persons to succeed respectively to the Office of a Councillor of the said Presidency of Fort JlHiiam in Bengal, whenever a Vacancy shall happen in that Office by any of the Ways in the said recited Act mentioned, and to declare which of the Aid two Persons shall first succeed to the said Office of a Councillor, and upon the first Vacancy in that Office the said Persons respectively shall fuccded thereto accordingly, and have all and every the Powers and Authorities of a Councillor of the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, in like Manner as if he had been appointed thereto after a Vacancy had happened; and it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Representation of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being, from Time to Time to revoke the Nomination and Appointment of such Persons to succeed to the vacant Office of a Councillor of the said Presidency, in like Manner as a Councillor of the said Presidency may be removed from such Office under the Authority of the /'aid recited Act; but, neverthe-Jcfs, the Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid to succeed to the vacant Office of a Councillor of the said Presidency, shall not be imitltd as a Councillors any Salary, Perquisite, Allowance, or Advantage whatsoever, until he shall become intitled unto, and take upon himself, the Office of a Councillor of the said Presidency.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commander in Chief of a!! the said United Company’s Military Forces in the East Ineites for the Time being, provided he (h<dl be appointed one of the Councillors of the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal* shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, take Rank as Second in Council at the said Presidency, but shall in no case succeed to the Government of the said Presidency without a special Appointment for that Purpose; but in case of the Vacancy of Governor General of the said Presidency at a Time when no Person shall be appointed to succeed to the Office of Governor General, the Councillor next in Rank to such Commander in Chief shall succeed to and hold the Office of Governor General until some other Person shall be appointed thereto, as haein-before is mentioned.

appointment.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or affect the Rights or Claims of the Public, or the said United Company, respecting the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; of which Notice shall be judicially taken by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the lame*

CAP.

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 66, 137

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His Present Majesty, intituled, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements for the Use of their Benefices.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building* rebuilding, repairing* or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements* for the Use of their Benefices 5 it is enabled, amongst other Things, That the Incumbent of every Living or Benefice, of which the Glebe, Tithes, Rents, and Profits, shall be mortgaged for the Purposes of the said Act, shall pay the Interest arising upon every such Mortgage, yearly, as the same shall become due; and also five rounds per Centum per Annum, if such Incumbent was resident, and ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, if non-resident, of the Principal remaining due, by yearly Payments; which Words, if literally understood and observed, would, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, render the Discharge of the Principal Sum Lmpracticable, and thereby discourage Persons from lending Money upon such Securities / be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Incumbent of every Living or Benefice of which the Glebes, Tithes, Rents, and Profits, have been or shall be mortgaged for the Purposes of the said Act, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, to every such Mortgagee, over and besides the Interest of the Principal Money due upon such Mortgage, the Sum of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, if resident, or ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, if non-residenr, of the Money originally advanced upon such Mortgage, until the Whole of the said Principal Money shall be discharged; and if, upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages already made, less shall have been paid by the present Incumbent than what is hereby directed to be paid, he shall, and he is hereby required, within six Months after the passing of this Act, to make up the Deficiency; and in Default of Payment thereof within the Time aforesaid, the same shall be recovered in such and the same Manner as the Interest is recoverable by virtue of the Provisions in the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Forms contained in the said Schedule respecting the Allowance of Accounts, and the Bond and Receipt to be given by the Nominee, as directed by the said recited Act, or Forms to the like Effect, shall be observed and complied with in the Execution of this and the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and every Thing herein contained, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

STATE of Account of the Money advanced and paid by A.B. (Rector or Vicar, etcetera, as the Case shall be) of the Living of - in the County of for the

building (rebuilding, or repairing) the Parsonage House and Buildings belonging to the said Living, according to the Direction of a Statute made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third.

C. D Ordinary.

E. F. Patron.

(r. //. Incumbent.

FORM of Allowance of the Nominee's Account of the Money received and expended hv him pursuant to the Directions of the said Statute of the seventeenth of George the Third*, to be written at the Foci of such Account,

WE have examined, and do hereby approve and allow the above Account. Given under our Hands, this

Recital of 17 Geo. III. Cap. SI*

The Incumbent of every-Living, whereof the Glebes, &c. hive been or shall be mortgaged for the Purposes of the recited Act, shall pay to the Mortgagee, be., fnfes Interest, 5 per Cent. per Ann. of the Principal, if reliant, or 10 per Cent, if non-resident.

Forma in the Schedule to be observed.

Public A

Day of

A.B. Ordinary.

C.D. Patron.

E. F. Incumbent/

RECEIPT to be signel by the Nominee for the Money which shall be borrowed and paid into his Hands, pur-

Juant to the Direction of the said Act,

I A.B. being the Person nominated by the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, of the Rectory (Vicar-

-A ags, etcetera, as the Case shall be) of in the County of and

Dtoccfeof the Bishop of to receive and apply the Money authorised to be borrowed by

Mortgage of the Glebe, Tithes, Rents, and other Profits and Emoluments of the said

for the Purpose of building (rebuilding, or repairing, as the Case shall be) the Parsonage House (cr Out- buildings, etcetera, as the Case shall be) belonging to such Living or Benefice, do hereby acknowledge to have received from the Hands of C.D. being the Person to whom such Mortgage is intended to be made, the Sum of being the Sum for which such such Mortgage or Security is to be

made: And I do hereby promise to apply the same in such Manner and for such Purposes as are directed by the said Act*

o

8le

138

Preamble

Any Price Officer may fee ore Per/bns driving Cattle through the Streets of London, Arc. in an improper Manner*

If the Party be convicted before a Justice, he shall forfeit from 5 s, to 201. to the Prosecutor.

or be committed to the House of Correction, &c. for one Month.

Persons not being Drivers of Cattle who shall pelt them with Stones,&c. or set Dogs at them, without Leave, may betaken before a Justice5

and on Conviction shall forfeit, to the Profecu-for, from 51. to 10 s.

C. 67. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 178 r,

FORM of BOND to be given by the Nominee and his Surety, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act.

BLIGATION of the Bond (in the common Form of Obligations) from A.B. (defer ibing him as in the last Form of Receipt) and C. D* of etcetera (defer ibing the Surety), to (defer ibing

the Ordinary) in the penal Sum of (to be double the Sum for which the Security is tobt

c given, etcetera, etcetera./

FORM of the Condition of the said Bond.

TH E Condition of the above Obligation is such. That if the said A.B. (naming the Nominee as before mentioned) shall and do justly and truly pay and account for the Sum of

received by him this Day from C.D. being the Person to whom a Mortgage hath been this Day made

and executed of the Glebe, Tithes, Rents, and other Profits and Emoluments, of the Re&crry (Vicarage, etcetera, as the Case shall be) of for the Purpose of building (rebuilding, or repairing

of the said Rectory, etcetera (as the Case shall be), according to the true Intent, and Meaning of two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the seventeenth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for those Purposes; then this Obligation to be void, or otherwise to remain in Force.

A.B.

C.D.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from Driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality.

WHEREAS the improper and cruel Manner in which Cattle are driven from Smithfield Market, within the City of London, through the Streets of the said City and Liberties thereof, the City of Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, has occasioned great Mischief, and endangered the Lives of many of his Majesty's liege Subjects inhabiting the reinfor preventing whereof for the future, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons, who shall be hired or employed to drive any Cattle within the said Cities of London ox Westminster, or the Liberties thereof, or the Bills of Mortality, shall, by Negligence or ill Usage in the driving such Cattle, be the Means that any Mischief shall be done by such Cattle, or by any one or more of them, which shall be committed to his, her, or their Care; or if any Driver or Drivers of Cattle, within the Limits aforesaid, shall in anywise misbehave himself, herself, or themselves, in the Driving, Care, or Management of any such Cattle, by the improper driving, treating, or using of such Cattle; then and in any of the said cases, and so often as any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to or for any Constable, or other Peace Officer, upon View thereof, or Information of any Person or Persons (who shall declare his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, to the said Constable or other Peace Officer), to seize and secure, by the Authority of this Act, and, without any other Warrant, to convey such Offender or Offenders before fume Justice of the Peace of the said Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Bills of Mortality; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before such Justice within whose Jurisdiction the Offence shall be committed, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Conftftion, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Convictioni any such Offender or Offenders*, and if the Person or Persons so convicted shall refuse, or nut be able forthwith to pay the Sum forfeited, every such Offender shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of feme Justice of the Peace, within whose Jurisdiction the Person offending shall be convicted, be committed to the House of Correction, or some other Prison within the Cities of London or Westminster, or Liberties thereof, or within the Bills of Mortality, within which the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender shall be apprehended, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, not being hired or employed to drive Cattle within the said Cities of London or Westminster, or the Liberties thertof, or the Bills enf Mortality, shall pelt with Stones, Brickbats, or by any other Means drive or hunt awa}’, or shall set any Dog or Dogs at any Ox, Heifer, Cow, Steer, or other Cattle, without the Consent of the Owner of the same, or his Servant; then and in any of the said cases, and so often as any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to or for any Constable, or other Peace Officer, upon View thereof, or Information of any Person or Persons who shall declare his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, to the said Constable or other Peace Officer, to seize and secure, by the Authority of this Act, and, without any other Warrant, to convey such Offender or Offenders before some Justice of the Peace of the said Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Bills of Mortality 5 and the Party or Parties accused being brought before such Justice, within whose Jurisdiction the Offence shall be committed, such Justice shall proceed 10 examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised And required to administerj; and

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 67.

if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, (he* or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to C°nvi<3ion any such Offender or Offenders; and if the Person or Persons so convicted shall refuse, or not be able forthwith to pay the Sum forfeited, every such Offender shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace, within whose Jurisdiction the Person offending shall be convicted, be committed to the House of Correction, or some other Prison within the Cities of London or U'ejlmlnsler, or Liberties thereof, or within the Bills of Mortality, within which the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender shall be apprehended, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month.

III. And bcit further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Person or Persons, giving £uch Information as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to attend, without some lawful Excuse, to be allowed by the Justice, such Constable, or other Peace Officer, within the Space of six Hours from the Time of making such Information, he, she, or they so offending shall, upon Proof being made on the Oath of such Constable or Peace Officer, that such Person had given such Information as aforesaid (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, to such Constable or Peace Officer; and in case the same shall not, upon Demand being made by such Constable or Peace Officer, be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice*

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Londmy for the Time being, shall have full Power and Authority to make, frame, and set down in Writing, such reasonable Rules, Orders, or Ordinances, for governing and regulating all Persons who shall drive any Cattle, Sheep, Calves, or Lambs, within the said Cities of London or Westminster, and Liberties thereof, or the Bills of Mortality, and to annex reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Rules, Orders,' and Ordinances, not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, for any one Offence; and such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, or any of them, from Time to Time, to alter and amend.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen to shorten or abridge the Time for keeping the said Market open; but that the same shall be kept open from the Hour of twelve of the Clock at Night dll the Hour of three of the Clock in the Afternoon on the several Market Days, and at no other Hours, unless the said Court of Mayor and Aldermea shall judge it proper to enlarge the Time for keeping it open.'

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any one Justice of the Peace of the Cities of London or tVeJimw/ier% or within the Bills of Mortality, within whose Jurisdiction any Offence shall be committed, shall have Power to hear and determine in a summary Way, Complaints of Offences that shall be committed contrary to any of the Rules, Orders, or Ordinances, at any Time hereafter to be made by the said Court of the Mayor and Aldermen, in pursuance of this Act; and the said Justice or Justices, and each of them respectively, within their respective Jurisdictions, is and are hereby authorised and required upon View, or upon Complaint made, on Oath, to them respectively, of any such Offence committed within their respective Jurisdictions, contrary to such Ru1e9, Orders, or Ordinances, within six Days after the Commission of any such Offence, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, directed to such Constables, or other Peace Officer or Officer$r as the said Justice or Justices, or any one of them, shall, from Time to Time, think fit, thereby requiring him or them to apprehend such Offender or Offenders, and to bring him, her, or them, before the said Justice or Justices, or any one of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, to answer the Matters of Complaint to be contained in such Warrant or Warrants $ and if such Offender or Offenders shall be con-vided, either by his, her, or their Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices respectively, or any one of them, is and are hereby authorised and required to administer), it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, or any one of them, to impose a Fine upon him, her, or them, for the said Offence, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties which shall be inflicted in and by the said Rules, Orders, and Ordinances; and H the Person or Persons, so convicted, shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, or one of them, in his or their respective Jurisdictions, immediately to commit the Person or Persons conv&ed to the House of Correction, or other Prison, within the JurisdictUm of such Justice or Justices respectively, or any one of them, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless the said Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid \ all which Penalties and Forfeitures shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person,* who shall be appre-

hended for having committed any Offence against this Act, shall refuse to discover his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, to the Justice or Justices Before whom he, she, or they, shall be brought, such Person or Persons so refusing, shall immediately be delivered over to a Constable, or other Peace Officer, and shall by him be conveyed to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended 5 there to remain for the Space of one Calendar Month, or until he, she, or they, shall declare his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, to the said Justice, or to some other Justice of the Peace of the said County or Place.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Abstract of the fe-vtral Provisions and Penalties contained in this Act> and all such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, so to be

Vjt

139

or be committed to the House of Com&ion.

Offender to pay the Forfeit, though the Informer tfiould neglect to attend.

Courtmf Alder* men impowe red to make Orders for regulating Driver* of Cattle* within London and WeilaiAtry. Ac.

The Time Tot keeping Smithfield Market oped*, not to be -ftioitened.

Any Justice within the Bills of Mortality may determine Complaints of Offences against any Rules to bt made by the Court of Alder* meo, &c.j

and if the Party be convicted, may fine him.

Offender not paying the Penalty, may be committed to the' House of Correction,

Offenders, who retjfe tod ife ever th- ir Names and Places of A bode, shall be ce inmit-ted to the common Gaol, Ac#

An Abstract of the PenaJ'ie* contained in this AO, and of all

140

Jtuks, iec. to \»e made by the Court of Aider-nr.cn, to be printed, Sec, Warrants may be executed on Offenders, or their Goods, out of the Jurisdiction wherein they were granted.

Yrofectnion to be commenced within 14 Days after the Offence, Sec,

Persons aggrfer--cd may appeal to the Quarter Sessions,

giving 14 Days "Notice.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form.

nor removeable by Certiorari.

How Justices to proceed for Con-eiffion of Offender*.

Form of Con-Yi&ion*

C. 67. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

t

made, from Time to Time, by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, shall, within fourteen Days after the making of such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, be printed and affixed upon such of the moil conspicuous Places within the said Cities of London and lV*jlminster% and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality, in such Manner as the said Court shall think proper, and, from Time to Time, order.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice of the Peace, either before or after Conviction as aforesaid, for any Offence against this Act, or against such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, hereafter to be made as aforesaid, shall escape, go into, re-fide, or be in any other County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Person granting such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; or if the Goods and Chactels of any Offender, convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this Act, shall be in a different County, City, Liberty, Town or Place; than where the said Party was convicted, or the Warrant of Distress grained, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, City* Liberty, Town, or Place, into which such Person shall escape, either before or after Conviction, or where his Goods and Chattels shall be after such Conviction* and they, and every of them, are hereby required, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Proof made, upon Oath,.of the Hand Writing of the said Justice granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant, and the same, when so indorsed, shall be a sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant, in such other County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place,' out of the Jurisdiction of the Person granting the said Warrant; and the said Justices respectively, or any one of them, as the Case shall happen, after indorsing the said Warrant, may, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before the said Justices, or anyone of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, proceed to hear and determine the Complaint in the same Manner as if it had originally arose within their respective Jurisdictions, or may direct the Offender to be carried to the Person who granted the said Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

X. Provided always, and be. it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall suffer any Punishment for any Offence committed against this Act, unless the Prosecution for the same be commenced within fourteen Days after the Offence shall be committed \ and that when any Person shall suffer Imprisonment, pursuant to this Act, for any Offence contrary thereto, in Default of Payment of any Penalty hereby imposed, or shall hereafter be imposed, for the Breach of any of the Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, which shall or may be made by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, as aforesaid, such Person shall not be liable afterwards to pay such Penalty.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by the Order or Judgment of any Justice of the Peace, upon Account of any Offence committed, or supposed to be committed, against this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General or Qimtcr Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City, or Place, where any such Conviction shall be made, the Person or Persons so appealing first giving Security, in the Sum forfeited, before such Justice or Justices in their respective Jurisdictions, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to abide by the Order or Orders which shall be made on such Appeal 5 and giving fourteen Days Notice, in Writing, of such Intention to appeal, to the Party or Parties on whose Prosecution such Conviction was founded, if there are so many Days between the Time of the Conviction and such General or Quarter Sessions; and if there are not, then to the next subsequent General or Quarter Session which shall be held after any such Conviction; and the Justices, in the said General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised to hear and determine every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear to be just; and to cause to be levied, under the Order of any such Session, the Costs which shall be awarded, together with such Sum of Money as any such Coqrt of Session, on the hearing any such Appeal, shall adjudge to be forfeited, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall refuse to pay such Costs and Sum of Money forfeited, or, of the Person or Persons who shall have become Surety or Sureties for him as aforesaid. J

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Order or Proceedings to be made or had by or before any

Justice of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be quashed. or vacated for want of Form; and that the Order of the Justices, at their General or Quarter Sessions, within their several Jurisdictions, shall be final; and that no Proceedings of any such Justices out of Session, or in their said General or Quarter Sessions, in pursuance of this Act, shall be removeable by Certiorari, or otherwise.

XIII. And, for the more, easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act,* be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words,* or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen; (videlicet-%). *- 1 »

BE it remembered, That on the* Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Cities of London and Westminster, or the County of Middlesex, either on his own Confession, or on the Oath of oneor more credible Witness or Witnesses (as the Case shall be)y by virtue of an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, 16 prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and PTeflmi after, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality; [ Specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be.]

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year above written*

A.D. 17#i. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. §41

XIV. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any A<9ion or Suit shall be brought Limitation of *r commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing'done in pursuance of this Act, it shall be Aaion,# brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after, every such Cause of Action shall have

accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and trfed in the County, City, or Place* in which such Offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such

Action or Suit* may plead the General Ifftie, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any General ifae.

Trial or Trials which ftialhbe'h*d thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of

this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be

commenced within the Time before limited, or< shall be laid orr brought in any other County, City, or

Place, than where the Offence shal I have been committed, then, and in any of such cases, the Jury of

Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, of

mall discontinue his Action or AdHotis, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendant

therein, then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid,'such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs, and Treble Cofi$«

shall have such Remody for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for hi*

or their Costs in arty other Cases by Law*

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and P^lic Art} taken to be, a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing Stealers of Lead and Iron Bars, fixed to Houses, or any Fences belonging thereunto.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing Stealers of Lead or Iron Bars, fixed to Recital of Houses, or any Fences belonging thereunto); it is enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall Geo. l1.Cap. 31}

steal, rip, cut, or break, with Intent to steal, any Lead, Iron Bar, Iron Gate, Pallisadoe, or Iron Rail whatsoever, being fixed to any Dwelling-house, Outhouse, Coach-house, Stable, or other Building,

uftd or occupied with such Dwelling-house, or thereunto belonging, or to any other Building whatso- ever, or fixed in any Garden, Orchard, Court-yard, Fence, or Outlet belonging to any Dwelling-house,

or other Building, shall be deemed and construed to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer the Pains and Penalties therein mentioned; and all and every Person and Persons who shall be aiding, abetting, or assisting, in dealing, or in such ripping, cutting, or breaking, any Lead, Iron Bar, Iron Gate, Iron Pallisadoe, or Iron Rail, fixed to any Dwelling-house, Out-house, Coach-house, Stable, or other Building,

or fixed in any Garden, Orchard, Court-yard, Fence, or Outlet, belonging to any Dwelling-house or other Building; or who shall buy or receive any such Lead, Iron Bar, Iron Gate, Iron Pallisadoe, or Iron Rail, knowing the same to be stolen, shall be subject and liable to the same Punishments as if he,

(he, or they, had stolen the fame: And whereas the Healing of Copper, Brass, and Bell-metal, affixed to Dwelling-houses and the Appurtenances thereto, is not expressly prohibited and made punishable by the said recited Act of Parliament, whereby wicked and evil-disposed Persons have been encouraged to steal the same, and other$ to buy and receive the same knowing the same to be stolen :* For preventing of which, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and’Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That; from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, FromA-ig, r, all and every Terlon and Persons who shall steal, rip, cut, break, or remove, with Intent to steal, an/ i?Si,aii&rfW Copper* Brass, Bell-metal, Utensil, or Fixture, being fixed to any Dwelling-house, Outhouse, Coach- u-hpAatlfleai/ house. Stable, or other Building, used or occupied with such Dwelling-house, or thereunto belonging, or* remove wish J to any other Building whatsoever, or fixed in any Garden, Orchard, Court-yard; Fence, or Outlet, be- "

longing to any Dwelling-house, or other Building, or any Iron Rails or Fencing set up'or fixed in an/ Brass,°&c.fixeJ Square* Court* or other Place (such Person having no Title, or Claim of Title thereto), shall be deemed to any Dwelling-and construea to be guilty of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be" houtr, &c. tried and convicted, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felons for the Term ’ 6u,ry

of seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by thd Laws and Statutes of’ be tr*nf-thii Realm; or to order and direct that such Offender be kept and detained in Prison, and therein keplt potted for seven to bard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Years, nor less than one Year j and within that Time, if’ Yean.&c. such Court shall think fit, such Offender shall be once, or oftener, but not more than three Times, publicly whipped: And all and every Person and Persons who shall be aiding, abetting, or assisting, in stealing, dr ‘ And all Person* in such ripping, cutting, breaking, or removing, any Copper, Brass, Bell-metal, Utensil, or Fixture, fixed ' *ffid>ng in such to any Dwelling-house, Outhouse, Coach-house, Stable, or other Building, or fixed in any Garden, Or- of

chard, Court-yard, Fence, or Outlet, belonging to any Dwelling-house, or other Building, or any Iron fJh <3^od<uy Rails, or Fencing, set up or fixed in any Square, Court, or other Place; or: who shall buy or receive any’ knmvin. then*, < such Copper, Brass, Bell-metal, Utensil, or Fixture, Iron Rails, or Fencing, knowing the same to be to beaded, ’ stolen, shall be subject and liable to all and every the same Punishments^ Pains, and Penalties, as if he, /he, mote to*

oi; they, bad stolen the same, although the principal Felon or Felons has not or have npt been convicted of tnhen,.'"ePua -stealing the same; any Law to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

14* C. 69, 70.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Preamble, Recital of 20 Geo. 11. Cap. 30.

Frtm Aug. I, 1781, every Person who shall buy or receive any Pewter Pot, or other Pewter, knowing the same to be stolen, &c. fbi'l, on Coovi&ioo, be transported at a Felon for seven Years, Ac,

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the stealing, and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell-metal and Solder; and for more effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the stealing, 4 and buying of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell-metal* and Solder; and/or more effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice)* divers Provisions were made for punishing the Receivera and Buyers of Lead, Iron* Copper, Brass, Bell-metal, and Solder, knowing the same to be stolen: And whereas the said Act has been found by Experience to tend to good and useful Purposes, and to prevent many Felonies being committed in respect to the several Articles therein mentioned; but the Metal called Pewter not being mentioned or included in the said Act, evil-disposed Persons have taken Advantage thereof, and the stealing of Pewter Pots, and other Pewter, and the buying and receiving such Pewter Pots, and other Pewter, knowing the same to be stolen, is become a great and notorious Evil \ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, every Person who shall buy or receive any Pewter Pot, or other Vert'd, or any Pewter in any Form or Shape whatever* knowing the same to be stolen, or unlawfully come by; or shall privately buy or receive any stolen Pewter, by suffering any Door, Window, or Shutter, to be left open or unfastened, between Sun-setting and Sun-rising, for that Purpose; or shall buy or receive the same at any Time, in any clandestine Manner, from any Person or Persons whatsoever; shall, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, although, the principal Felon or Felons has not or have not been convicted of stealing the same, be transported, irv like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for any Time not exceeding seven Years, or be kept and detained in Prison, and therein kept to hard Labour* for any Time not exceeding three Years, nor less than one Year and within that Time (if such Court shall think fitting) such Offender or Offenders shall be once, or oftener, but not more than three Times* publicly whipped.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, as relates tot he Administration of Justice in Bengal; and for the Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the undue Resistance made to the Process of the Supreme Court.

[Preamble*. l*rital of 13 Cco.UI. Cap. j.

Tke Governor Ccaerat and Council of Ben-tab not to be UJgtft to the Supreme Court. Peiiona impleaded in the Supreme Court lor Act done by

WHEREAS, in virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs rf the East India Company* as well in India as in Europe, his Majesty, by his Royal Letters Patent of the twenty-sixth Day of March, in the fourteenth Year of his Reign, did create and constitute a Court of Record, to be within the Factory of Fort William, at Calcutta in Bengal\ called The Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal* with sundry Directions, Powers, and Authorities to the said Court,

in the said Letters Patent set forth and expressed: And whereas many Doubts and Difficulties have arisen concerning the true Intent and Meaning of certain Clauses and Provisions in the said Act and Letters Patent, and, by reason thereof, Dirtension hath arisen between the Judges of the Supreme Court and the Governor General and Council of Bengal; and the Minds of many Inhabitants, subject to the said

Government, have been disquieted with Fears and Apprehensions; and further Mischiefs may possibly

tnfue from the said Misunderstandings and Discontents, if a seasonable and suitable Remedy be not provided: And whereas it is expedient that the lawful Government of the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa* should be supported, that the Revenues thereof should be collected with Certainty, and that the Inhabitants should be maintained and protested in the Enjoyment of all their ancient Laws, Usages,

Rights, and Privileges May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Governor General and Council of Bengal shall not be subject, jointly or severally, to the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Fort William in Bengal* for or by reason of any Act or Order, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, counielled, ordered, or done by them in their public Capacity only, and acting as Governor General and Council.

II. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons shall*bc impleaded, in any Aftityn w Process, civil or criminal, in the said Supreme Court, for any Act or Acts done by the Order

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 70.

of the said Governor General and Council in Writing, he or they may plead the General Mae, and give the said Order in Evidence; which said Order, with Proof that the Act or Acts done has or have been done according to the Purport of the same, shall amount to a sufficient Jollification of the said ActU, and the Defendant shall be fully justified, acquitted, and discharged from all and every Suit, Action, and Pro* cess whatsoever, civil or criminal, in the said Court.

III. Provided always, That with respect to such Order or Orders of the said Governor General and Council as do or shall extend to any British Subject or Subjects, the said Court shall have and retain as full and competent Jurisdiction as if this Act had never been made.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge or acquit the said Governor General and Council, jointly or severally, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Order, from any Complaint, Suit, or Process, before any competent Court in this Kingdom, or to give any other Authority whatsoever to their Alls, than Acts of the same Nature and Description had, by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, before this Act was made.

V. And, in order to prevent all Abuse of the Powers given to the Governor General and Council/ be it further enacted, That in case any Person, by himself, or his Attorney or Counsel, shall make a Complaint to the Supreme Court, and enter the same in Writing, and upon Oath, of any Oppression or Injury, charging the same to be committed by the said Governor General, or any Member or Members of the Council, or any other Person or Persons by or in virtue of any Order given by the said Governor General and Council, and shall execute a Bond, with some other Person whom the said Court shall deem responsible, jointly and severally, to the United East India Company, in such a Penalty as the Court shall appoint, effectually to prosecute the Lid Complaint by indidhment, Information or Action, in some competent Court in Great Britain, within two Years of the making of the same, or of the Return into Great Britain of the Party or Parties against whom the same is made; that then, and in such Case, the Party complaining shall be, and is hereby enabled to compel, by Order of the Court, the Production in the said Supreme Court of true Copy or Copies of the Order or Orders of Council complained of, and to have the same authenticated by the Court, and to examine Witnesses upon the Matter of the said Complaint, and also on the Part of the Person or Persons complained of; and the said Parties, as well complaining as complained of, shall have and enjoy severally all Manner of Advantages, Rights, and Privileges, relative to Proof of the said Complaint or Defence, and also relative to any Mandamus or Commis* fion to be issued by any of his Majesty's Courts in Westminster-hall, in case the Court upon Motion shall think fit to issue the same, as are provided in case of any Suit in such Cases by an Act of the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe; and the Supreme Court shall have the same Powers for the compelling Witnesses to appear and be examined, and the same Rules and Directions shall be observed for the transmitting the Depositions of Witnesses and other Papers to this Kingdom, as are provided by the said recited Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Copies so authenticated of Orders of the said Governor General and Council, and also the Depositions which shall have been taken in Manner aforesaid before the Supreme Court, shall be received in Evidence in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster*

Courts at

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Prosecution or Suit shall be carried on against the said Governor General, or any Member of the Council, before any Courttjn Great Britain (the High Court of Parliament only excepted), unless the same shall be commenced within five Years after the Offence committed, or within five Years after his Arrival in England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Supreme Court shall not have or exercise any Jurisdiction in any Matter concerning the Revenue, or concerning any Act or Acts ordered or done in the Collection thereof, according to the Usage and Practice of the Country, or the Regulations of the Governor General and Council.

IX. And, for removing all Doubts concerning the Persons subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Su-

prerre Court/ be it enacted, That no Person shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, for or by reason of his being a Landowner, Landholder, or Farmer of Land, or of Land Rent, or for receiving a Payment or Penfton in lieu of any Title to, or ancient Possession of Land or Land Rent, or for receiving any Compensation or Share of Profits for collecting of Rents payable to the Public out of such Lands or Districts as are actually farmed by himself, or those who are his Under-tenants in virtue of his Farm, or for exercising within the said Lands and Farms any ordinary or local Authority commonly annexed to the Possession or Farm thereof, within the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, or for or by reason of his becoming Security for the Payment of the Rents reserved or otherwise payable out of any Lands or Farms, or Farms of Land, within the Provinces of Bengal, Bahary and Orifa,

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person for or by reason of his being employed by the Company, or the Governor General and Council, or by any Person deriving Authority under them, or for or on account of his being employed by a Native or Descendant of a Native of Great Britain, shall become subject to the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in any Matter of Inheritance or Succession to Lands or Goods, or in any Matter of Dealing or Contract between Party or Parties, except in Actions for Wrongs or Trespasses, and also except in any civil Suit by Agreement of Parties in Writing to submit the same to the Decision of the said Court.

XI. And, for the more perfectly ascertaining those of the Natives who shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Supren\|J^ourt, on account of their being employed by any of his Majest/s British Sub-

jecls / be it enacted, bat, on or before the fixft Day of January^ one thousand seven hundred and

5 eighty-

*43

Order of the Governor General, &c. may plead the General Issue.

[Proviso.]

The Governor General, Ice. t# remain liable I# any Complaint before a competent Court in this Kingdom,

If any Person making Complaint to the Supreme Court against the Governor General, tec. Hull execute a Bond to the Company to prosecute the salt.e id some competent Court in Great Britain, ' tec. such Person may compel, by Order of the Court, the Pro* duflion of Copies of the Order* compUioed of, &c«

Authenticated Copie* of Order!, tec. shall be received in Evidence in tbf Westminster.

Limitation of AOiooi.

Supreme Court not to have any

Jurisdiction in any Matter concerning the Revenue.

No Person shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court on account of hit being a Land-owner or Farmer of Land, &c.

nor for being employed by (he Company. Arc. except in Action* for Tics-pailes, 8cc.

144

'Vht Name, f-iipiioa, it'd 1 Aace of-A bade* of every Native employed in the Service of th? Company, in ny judicial Office, &c, shall bs entered iu a Btfnk.

bn tf/e Death of iAy Person cm-ployed by the

f.'umpDjir, hi-3 Nanr-e shall be entered in a Book.

All British Subject* shall cn'er, in the Provincial Office, the Name and Place of Abode of their native Stewards, Agents, See,

Penaltjr on British Subjects f nploying any native Agent, &c, not so rc-fcilUxed.

Ko Native in*

tirled to toy Salary before he is re^iflered. Penalty on British European Subjects engaging in Trade with native Partners not regi tiered.

74ow the Supreme Court shall determine Artiers between M a homed an and Centu Inhabitants of Calcutta,

The Authority of Fathers and Matters of Families, among the Natives, to be preserved, &c.

The Supreme Court may frame such Forms of Process, &c. in Suits against the Natives, at shall suit their

Such Fcrrr.s to be transmiteo Co One of the Secretaries of State, for his Majesty's Approbation,

C. 7.0a.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

eighty-three* the Governor General and Council shall cause the Name, Description, and Place of ufuat Abode, of ail and every Native employed in the Service of the East India Company in any judicial Office or as principal native Officer of any District in the Collection of Revenue, or in any commercial Concerns of the Company (except as herein-before excepted), to be entered in a Rook or Books alphabetically disposed, distinguishing the District in which the said Officers are employed; of which Book or Books two Copies shall be made, one of which shall remain in the Provincial Office, and the other of which shall be registered in the Supreme Court; and the Governor General and Council are hereby required to remitter, or cause to be registered, the Name of every Person who shall afterwards be appointed to succeed to any Office vacant ornew created, within three Months of the said Appointment or Creation.

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons shall happen to die, or shall be removed from^any judicial Office or Employment whatsoever, in the Service of the East India Company* the Name or Names of such Person or Persons so dying or removed, as aforesaid, shall be entered in a Book or Books for that Purpose, to be kept in the Manner aforesaid.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every of his Majesty's British) Subjects shall, in like Manner, C3ufe to be entered in the Provincial Office of the District in which the said British Subject doth most commonly reside, the Name, Description, and Place of Abode, of his native Steward or Stewards, Agent or Agents, or Partner or Partners, in any Concern of Revenue or Merchandize (if any such Steward, Agent, or Partner, he hath), and in like Manner shall enter, or cause to be entered, within three Months from the Time of Succession or new Appointment, or new Partnership, the Names of him or them who are dismissed, dead, or new appointed, in the said Provincial Office; and the President of the said Council is directed to transmit, within three Months, to Calcutta the Name of every Person who shall succeed to the said Employment or Partnership, for which a Fee of one Sicca Rupee for every Entry* and no more, shall be paid to the Officer keeping the said Register.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any British Subject shall be convicted, before the Supreme Court of employing any native Agent, or engaging with any native Partner, not registered as hereinbefore is provided, or who shall be bona fide, and in Effect and Substance, such Agent or Partner (although by Covin, Collusion, or Deceit, the same may be covered and concealed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act), the said British Subject, if in the Company's Service, shall forfeit, on Conviction, the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and if not in the Company's Service, shall forfeit one hundred Pounds, to any Person suing for the same.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Native shall, after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, be intitled to receive any Fee or Salary except from the Day of the Date of his Registry.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any British European Subject shall engage in any Concern of Trade with a native Partner not registered as herein directed, the said British Subject shall not be intitled to recover or receive any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of the said joint Concern, or to compel an Account thereof, by any Suit in Law or Equity, in any Court within the said Provinces; and any Person, prosecuting to Conviction, in the Supreme Court, a British Subject having a native Partner or Agent not being registered as aforesaid, shall be intitled to, and shall recover, by due Process of the said Court, the Whole of the Salary engaged for, and shall also be intitled to an Account and Receipt of the said British Subject's Share of Profit of any Partnership entered into with any Person or Persons not conforming to the Regulations of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine in such Manner as is provided for that Purpose in the said Charter or Letters Patent, all and all Manner of Actions and Suits against all and singular the Inhabitants of the said City of Calcutta; provided that their Inheritance and Succession to Lands, Rents, and Goods, and all Matters of Contract and Dealing between Party and Party, shall be determined, in the Case of Mahomedans, by the Laws and Usages of Mahometans, and in the Case of Gcntus, by the Laws and Usages of Gentus\ and where only one of the Parties shall be a Mahomedan or Gentu, by the Laws and Usages of the Defendant.

XVIII. And, in order that Regard should be had to the civil and religious Usages of the said Natives,’ be it enacted, That the Rights and Authorities of Fathers of Families, and Masters of Families, according as the same might have been exercised by the Gentu or Mahomedan Law, shall be preserved to them reflectively within their said Families; nor shall any Acts done in consequence of the Rule and Law of Call, respecting the Members of the said Families only, be held and adjudged a Crime, although the same may not be held justifiable by the Laws of England.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Supreme Court of Judicature

at Fort William in Bengal, to frame such Process, and make such Rules and Orders for the Execution thereof, in Suits civil or criminal against the Natives of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJd, as may accommodate the same to the Religion and Manners of such Natives, so (ar as the same may consist with the due Execution of the Laws and Attainment of Justice. t

Religion and Manner#.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such new Forms of Process, and Rules and Orders for the Execution thereof, shall be forthwith transmitted to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to be laid before his Majesty for his Royal Approbation, Correction, or Refusal; and such Process shall be used, and such Rules and Orders shall be observed, until the same shall be repealed or varied, and in the Eft Case, with such Variation as shall be made therein.

XXI. And whereas the Governor General and Council, or some Committee thereof, or appointed thereby, do determine on Appeals and References from the Country or Provincial Courts in Civil causes

be

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 71, 72. 145

be it further enacted, That the said Court shall and lawfully may hold all such Pleas and Appeals, in the Manner and with such Powers as it hitherto hath held the same, and shall be deemed in Law a Court of Record; and the Judgments therein given shall be final and conclusive, except upon Appeal to his Majesty, in civil Suits only, the Value of which shall be five thousand Pounds and upwards.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Court aforesaid shall, and is hereby declared to be a Court to hear and determine on all Offences, Abuses, and Extortions, committed in the Collection of Revenue, or of Severities used beyond what shall appear to the said Court customary or necessary to the Case, and to punish the same according to found Discretion, provided the said Punishment does not extend to Death, or Maiming, or perpetual Imprisonment.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the Governor General and Council shall have Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to frame Regulations for the Provincial Courts and Councils; and shall, within six Months after the making the said Regulations, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, Copies of all the said Regulations to the Court of Directors, and to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; which Regulations his Majesty in Council may disallow or amend; and the said Regulations, if not disallowed within two Years, shall be of Force and Authority to direct the said Provincial Courts, according to the Tenor of the said Amendment, provided the same do not produce any new Expeace to the Suitors in the said Court.

XXIV. And whereas it is reasonable to render the Provincial Magistrates, as well Natives as British Subjects, more safe in the Execution of their Office be it enacted, That no Action for Wrong or Injury shall lie in the Supreme Court, against any Person whatsoever exercising a judicial Office in the Country Courts, for any Judgment, Decree, or Order of the said Court, nor against any Person for any Act done by or in virtue of the Order of the said Court.

the Supreme Court for their

The Governor General, &c. may determine on Appeals, and shall be deemed a Court of Record $ and shall determine on all Offences committed in coDetfing the Revenue/cc. The said Court mav frame Regulations for the Provincial Cou.ts, Arc.

Judicial Officeri in 'he Country Courts not liable to Anions for Wrongs, Stc% in Decrees, dec.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case of an Information intended to be brought or moved for against any such Officer or Magistrate, for any corrupt Act or Acts, no Rule or other Process shall be made or issued thereon until Notice be given to the said Magistrate or Officer, or left at his usual Place of Abode, in Writing, signed by the Party or his Attorney, one Month, if the Person exercising such Office shall reside within fifty Miles of Calcutta, two Months if he shall reside beyond fifty Miles, and three Months if he shall reside beyond one hundred Miles from Calcutta, before the suing out or serving the fame; in which Notice the Cause of Complaint shall be fully and explicitly contained; nor shall any Verdict be given against such Magistrate, until it be proved on Trial that such Notice hath been given, and in Default of such Proof, a Verdict with Costs shall be given for the Defendant.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Magistrate shall be liable, in any such Case, to any personal Caption or Arrest, nor shall be obliged to put in Bail, until he shall have declined to appear to answer after Notice given as directed by this Act, and Service of the Process directing his Appearance by himself or his Attorney.

XXVII. And whereas certain Natives of India residing at Patna, by the Names and Descriptions of Mir Burcut Vila, and Gullam Mucdum, Men of the Law, attendant on the Provincial Council of Patna> and a Native of Hindostan, called Behader Beg, are now, and have been for upwards of two Years, imprisoned at Calcutta, in Execution for Damages recovered against them in certain Actions in the said Supreme Court: And whereas, through Ignorance or other Misapprehension of the Law, the Time during which an Appeal might have been presented to his Majesty in the Privy Council hath expired be it therefore enacted, That the said three Persons shall be forthwith discharged from the said Imprisonment by the Person or Persons in whose Custody they now are, or shall be, by virtue of the said Executions, on Security being given for the Damages recovered; which Security the Governor General and Council are hereby required to cause to be given on their Behalf; and that it shall be competent to appeal to his Majesty in Council against the aforesaid Judgment, in like Manner, and to the same Efftft, as if such Appeal had been presented within the Time for that Purpose limited by the Charter.

XXVIII. And whereas, in the late' Dissensions between the Governor General and the Judges in Bengal, many Things have been done not justifiable by the drift Rules of the Law ;* it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor General and Council, and Advocate General, are jointly and severally, and all Persons acting under their Orders, so far as the same relates to the Refinance to any Process of the Supreme Court, from the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to the first Day of November, one thousand kven hundred and eighty, be, and are hereby indemnified, discharged, and saved harmless from any Action, Suit, or Prosecution whatsoever, for or on account of the said Disobedience and Resistance to the Execution of the Orders of the said Court.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for vesting the Parish Church of Saint Christopher le Stocks, in the City of London, and the Materials and Site thereof, and the Church-yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for ever; and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint Margaret Lothbury, in the said City.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for the better maintaining and regulating of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock, and Parish of Stoke Damarell, in the County of Devon; and for paving, cleansing and watching the Streets, Lanes and Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances and Annoyances, and regulating the Drivers of Coaches, Chaises, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Porters, within the said Town.

No Role, &c.

shall be made on Information ag’ir.ll any such Officer, until proper Notice has been given to him.

No such Magistrate liable to Arrest, until he (hill have declined to appear to answer, 6cc.

Certain Nativer, Pnfoneis in Calcutta, to be discharged, on Security being given for Damages by the Governor General and Council.

The Governor General, Sic indemnified for refilling the Execution of the Orderr of the Supreme Court,

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

146 C. 73.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the same.

[Preamble.]

Recital of Letters Patenf, dated Mav 1, in 19 Car. 11.

Steward to! flue

a Simmons for

Debt* between 40 u and 51.

WHEREAS his Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of England^ bearing Date at Westminster the Second Day of May, in the nineteenth Year of his Reign, reciting, That there had been, Time out of Mind, within the Manors of Stebunheath alias Stebunhith alias Stepney, not only for the said Manor, but also for the Manor of llackue\\ in the County of Middlesex, a curain Court Baron, for the Determination of certain Adioos nal, arising within those Aiamrs, not amounting to the Sum of foity Shillings; and that because the King’s >ufjects dwell- ing, rifiding, and inhabiting within the Paid Manors, and the Hamlets ami Liberties of the larr.e, Were very numerous, and very many of them indigent Sailors and featuring Men, who for the n oil Part of their Lives were at Sea, and in the King’s Service upon the High Sea, and also wire m:.ny Time* cm- ployed in the mcic^mile Affairs of the King's Subjects in Parts beyond the Seas; and mere fore that it was ripht and lit that the rciibint Inhabitants* meeting, dwelling, contracting, nn ocijting, or being within the said Manors, the Hamlets and Liberties of the same, should have speedy Justice in their personal Actions, Pleas and Ccrr, pla;m% left peradventure they should be long and muui hindered ftom the King’s beivice, and their other maritime Bufiiufs; therefore did, at the Request of the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Clcaveland, and Thomas Lord Wentworth, vouch fife to cicrt, create, and conthtute a certain Court of Pleas of Record, to be called The Court of the Lord the King of Record, within the Manors of Sttpnev and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the same \ try beheld on every That flay in every Week throughout the Year (except as therein excepted), for the Determination, before the Steward of the Laid Court for the Time being, or his Deputy (the said Steward, or his Deputy, being Barrifteis of three Years (landing at the Bar at lead), of all and singular Actions, Pleas, and Complaints, personal TrespafLs with Force and Arms, Trespasses on the Case*

Debts, Accounts, Detinue of Goods and Chattels Deceipis and Contracts, and other Cauies, G>m- plaints, and Pleas personal whatsoever, of any Sum or Damage not amounting to the Sum of one hundred Shillings (Pleas de Ejedlionefirm# only excepted), according to the Laws and Customs of England*

to hold Pica of the same, within the said Manors, and the Hamlets and Liberties of the same, in as ample Manmr and Form as any other Court of Record, by the Laws and Customs of England, of such and the like Pleas, Complaints, or Actions, hath or hold Plea, or might or ought to hold Pk*a; and granting to Sir Udlliam Smyth Baronet, and his Heirs or Assigns, the Appointment of the said Steward,

and the other Officers of the said Court, as by the said Letters Patent, and the Exemplification thereof*

inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and there remaining of Record, Reference being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas the present Method of Proceeding, for the Recovery of Debts in the said Court of Record, is very dilatory, and the Expences attending it lo great, that in most Cases it exceeds the Debt to be recovered: And whereas, if proper Powers were granted for shortening the Proceedings of the said Court, to enable the Creditor to recover his Debt in a more summary Wav, the Expences thereof would be so much reduced, that Numbers of Tradesmen resident within the said Distiicf, who now submit to the Loss of their small Debts, would have the Means of recovering the m*

without difmlfing the unfortunate Debtor by the present heavy Costs and Law Expences: And whereas it would greatly alleviate the Distrelles of the honest and industrious Debtor, if the Steward of the said Court were enabled to order Payment of the Debt by different Payments, at the Difi retion of the Jury herein-afeer mentioned; which partial Payment it might be possible for the Debtor to make, though ab- foluiely imp dfble for him to pay the whole Debt in one Sum: And whereas it is also reasonable that there should be a Limitation of Time (or the Imprisonment for Small Debts :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, it shall and may be lawful for the Steward of the said Court, herrn-after mentioned, or his Deputy, and for the Successor and Successors of the said Steward, to be named, appointed, and approved of, in Manner hereafter mentioned, and his or their Deputies, upon any Plaint to be hereafter levied in the said Court, for any Sums above forty Shillings, and under five Pounds, to issue a Summons, inquiring the Defendant or Defendants in the said Plaint to appear on the next Court-day before the Stewatd if the said Court, or his Deputy for the Time being, at the present Court-house in ll hilechapel Read, or at any other Court-house within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, at the Discretion of the Steward of the said Court, to answer the said Plaint; and which Plaint shall briefly contain the Substance of the said Plaintiff’s Complaint or Declaration, in the Words or to the Effect following; videlicet,

A B. complains ag^inst C.D. That he [or she] is-indebted to the Plaintiff in

for Guods fold and delivered [or as the Case may be]/

And for which Plaint and Summons no other or greater Fee shall be taken than the Sums respectively set against the same in the Table of Fees hereafter mentioned.

Defendant to

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the said Summons being served on rnrtr A^tar- the Defendant or Defendants in the said Plaint mentioned, or left at his, her, or their Place or Places of

ance* Abode, such Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged, and is and are hereby required to enter his, her*

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

c. 73.

*47

or their Appearance to the same, on or before the next Court-day after Service of the said Summons, witly the Prothonotary of the said Court hereafter mentioned, or his Deputy, or with the Successor or Successors of the said Prothonotary, or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, to be named and appointed as hereafter mentioned, briefly in Manner and Form following; videlicet,

1 C.D. appears and confesses [or denies] the Debt [as the Case may be] mentioned in the Plaint of the said A. B?

And for which Appearance no greater or other Fees shall be taken than exprefTru in the Table of Fees hereafter mentioned: And that it shall and may he lawful for the said Steward or Stewards of the find Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, upon such Appearance and Plea so entered as aforesaid, or uuon the Nonappearance and want of a Piea of such Defendant or Defendants (the Service of the aforesaid Summons being duly proved upon Oath), to summon a Jury of twelve discreet and hone-lt Housekeepers, renting a House of ten Pounds per Annum or upwards, within the aforesaid Jurisdiction, to tiy and determine between the Parties, or tc assess the Damages to the Plaintiff, upjn the Nonappearance and Want of a Plea of the Defendant or Defendants.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and m^y be lawful for the Stew- M ric of Trial*' ard of the said Court, or his Depury, thereupon to proceed with the said Jury to the Trial of the said

Cause, or to the Assessment of Damages to the Plaintiff as aforesaid (the actuffomtd Oath on the Trial of causes being fi.ft administered to the said Jury, which Oath it shall and may be lawful for the said Steward or his Deputy to administ r), and to hear the Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs Complaint, made by him, her, or themselves, against the said Defendant or Defendants, and to administer the Oath to the Plaintiff’s and.

Defendant’s WitnessTs respectively, to speak the Truth, the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth, upon such Issue joined or Assessment of Damages; and then to hear and examine the With.fTcsor other Evidence on the Behalf of the Plaintiff, and to hear the Defence of the Defendant 01 Defendants, nude by him, her, or themftrlves, and to hear and examine the Witnessss and Evidence on the Behalf of the said Defendant or Defendant in Support of such Defence, and to proceed to (fate the Evidence to the aforesaid Juty, who flnll give their VerdxSt thereupon, or add's the Damages as aforesaid; and inch Verdict and Assessment of Damages, as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it funher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon such Verdict or Verdicts as afore- Exertion mar said, or upon such Assessment of Damages as aforesaid, or upon the Plaintiff’s becoming nonsuited, it shall bt iifuei a?ainst and may be lawful for the find Steward or his Deputy to issue an Execution or Executions against the Goods PersonorGood#. and Chattels of the Party a gain ft whom such Verdict shall be found, or Damages assessVd, for the Sum

contained in such Verdict or Damages, together with such of the Costs expressed in the Table of Fees heicin-after mentioned, as the Party or Parties for whom such Verdict shall be found, or Damages a fit fled* shall have expended or paid in or about the same, and which Coils shall not exceed the Sum of fifteen Shillings; and also against such Plaintiff’s becoming nonsuited for the Costs incurred by (he Defendant in the Plaint; and which Execution or Executions against the Goods as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Summoning Officers of the Court to execute, and they are hereby required so to do; and that upon the Return of the said Execution or Executions, that the Party or Parties against whom such Execution or Executions may issue, hath or have not any Goods or Chattels within the said Jurisdiction, to satisfy the Debt and Cells, or not sufficient to farisfy the lame, that then it shall and may be lawful for the said Steward or his Deputy to issue an Older c r Precept, in the Natuie of a Capias ad satisfae'undum% for the Imprisonment of the Person of the Party against whom such Order or Precept shall be made, for a Time not exceeding one Week for every Pound of the Total of the Debt and Costs for which such Order or Precept shall Blue, in the Gaol belonging to the said Court, and which it shall be likewise lawful and requisite for the said Summoning Officer to execute.

V. Provided nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Jury, upon the Prayer of the Party against whom such Verdict shall pass, or again it whom such Damages shall be affi (Ted, representing his, hei, or their Incapacity of paying or discharging the whole Debt, Damages, or Costs, in one Pay- nxnts, ment, to make an Order or Orders for the Payment of the same in different Payments, weekly or monthly, at the Discretion of the said Jury; and nothing in this or in any former or other Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to limit or take away the Jurisdiction of the said Steward, from proceeding to enforce the Payment upon such Order or Orders, though the Sum contained in such Order shall be reduced by

Eartial Payments under forty Shillings; but that the said Steward and his Successors, and his and their deputies, shall have the like? Power and Authority to enforce the same, as there was upon making the original Order.

VI. Provided also nevertheless. That it (trail and may be lawful to and for every D fendant, for the DefVnJjntmi Purpose of av siding unnecessary Costs, upon being summoned upon any Plaint, to rppvar and nuke Con- -ir conm session of the Deb:; and that it shall and may be lawfiff for the said Steward or ills Successors, and his and thffr Deputies, thereupon to make an Order for the Paym nt thereof, in one or more Payments, according to the Abilities of such Defendant, and according to the Dhcretion of the said Steward.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aMresaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Steward and his Successors, and his and their Deputies, to issue a Summons requiring the aforesaid Jury to come and try the causes in Issue, at the usual Court-house of the said Court, at the Time expressed in such Summons; and that it shall and rmy be lawful for the said So ward and his Successors, ami his and their Deputies, to impute a Fin.: upon such of the said Jury who Hull neglect to attend for the Purpose* aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be applied for the Benefit of the London Hjjitni,

Dfbt rmy be

p i id by

fcJs his Debt*

For summening fury, af d Pu-nilhnicnl on them vsho do not attend.

in "oitedupe! Read: and which Fine may be recovered in this Court by any of the Governors of

Wpspital,

I4&

Three Days No. tice to be given to Pet Tons Turn-tooned to frrve «n the Jury, &c. Commissioners et' the Tower Hamlets Court of Requrfts exempted from Serving on J iiicf in this Court.

Witnesses may be Summoned.

Verdicts of the Court to be float.

Punishment for Contempt or DilWbance of Court.

LIII of Fe:s,

How the Fees full be divided.

Steward.

C. 73. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781

Hospital, by Plaint, in the same Manner as any other Debt or Demand may be recovered by virtue of this Act; and which Jury shall receive, for their Attendance upon such Trials, the Fees set forth in the Table of Fees hereafter mentioned: Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be obliged to attend upon such Juries more or oftener than once in six Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall by this Act be liable to be called upon the said Jury, shall be served with a Summons for that Purpose, by the Order of the said Steward or his Deputy, three Days at the lead before the Day fixed for serving on the fame; and no Person shal] serve on such fury oftener than once in three Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Court of Requests for the Tower Hamlets for the Time being shall be, and are hereby exempted from serving on the said Jury, for the said Court of Record within the said Manors of Stepney and Hackney, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Steward and his Succcdors, and his and their Deputies, at the Request of the Plaintiff or Defendant, in any Cause depending in the said Court, to issue a Summons, requiring the Attendance of any Person or Persons as a Witness or Witnesses upon the Trial of such Cause, under the Penalty of twenty Shillings for Disobedience, to be recovered and applied as aforesaid: Provided always, That before the said Steward, or his Successors, and his or their Deputies, shall proceed to impole the said Penalty, it shall be proved to him that a reasonable Satisfaction had been tendered to such Witness or Witnesses for his, her, or their Attendance.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, no Plaint to be entered in the said Court as aforesaid, nor any Verdict or Assessment of Damages, nor any Order or Orders, or other Proceedings to be had thereupon by virtue of this Act, shall be flayed, delayed, or removed out of the said Court by any Writ of Prohibition, Habeas Corpus, Certiorari, or Writ of Error or Falle Judgment, or otherwise howsoever, but the said Verdict, Assessment of Damages, or Orders, shall be final and conclusive.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Contempt or Disturbance of the said Court, during the Sitting of the Court, it shall be lawful for the said Steward and his Successors, and his and their Deputies for the Time being, to order such Person or Persons to be taken into the Custody of any Summoning Officer or Officers attending the said Court, which Officer or Officers is and are hereby required and authorised to detain such Person or Persons in his or their Custody, during the Sitting of the said Court; and the said Steward and his Successors, and his and their Deputies for the Time being, may amerce such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future no other or greater Fees shall be taken in the said Court, than are contained in the Lift of Fees, as under.

For PLAINTIFF,

For entering every Plaint, one Shilling:

For Summons and Service, two Shillings and Sixpence:

For summoning the Jury, one Shilling:

For entering and Trial of the Cause, four Shillings:

To the Jury for every Cause, two Shillings:

For every Order and Entering, one Shilling:

For Subpoena and Service, one Shilling and Sixpence:

For Execution and Service, one Shilling.

For D E F E N D A N T.

For entering Appearance, Sixpence:

For Plea, Sixpence:

To the Jury for every Cause, two Shillings:

For every Order and Entering, one Shilling:

For Subpoena and Service, one Shilling and Sixpence:

For Execution and Service, one Shilling.

On Confessing the Debt.

For Confession, one Shilling:

For Summons and Service, two Shillings and Sixpence;

For Order and Entering, one Shilling:

For Execution and Service, one Shilling.*

Which Fees (except those to the Jury and Summoning Officer) shall be divided, in three equal Proportions, between the Steward of the Court, the Patentee, and the four present Attornies, Richard Cart-tvrighty John Bexwell, Mayor Wright, and Robert Wrighty or the Survivors of them, until other Attornies shall be appointed under the said Letters Patent in their Stead, in the Case of the Death of either of them. Alienation, or Forfeiture of his or their Place of an Attorney of the said Court, as aforesaid; and the above Lift of Fees shal] be hung up in some public Place in the said Court.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yohn Mors Ellis, of the Inner Temple, Barrister at Law, shall be Steward of the said Court so long as he shall behave himself well in his said Office$ 6 and

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 73. 149

and from and after the Resignation, Removal, or Death of the said Steward, and so often a* the said Of~ fice shall become vacant, the Patentee for the Time being, under the said Letters Patent of King Charles the Second, shall appoint a sufficient Person to be Steward of the said Court, who, at the Time of such Appointment, shall be of the Degree of an Uitcr Barrister, of three Years (landing at the [hr at least;

Which Person so appointed and approved shall continue Steward so long as he shall behave himself well.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Mors Ellis shall, immediately Steward to b* after the passing of this A<&, and every succeeding Steward of the said Court within one Month after his fwjrxi. Appointment, take the following Oath in his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, if it shall then happen to

be in the Term, or if during the Vacation, before either of the Judges of the King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer, who are respectively impowered and required to administer the said Oaths (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear. That I will well and truly behave and demean myself in the Office of Steward of the The Oatk*

A King’s Majesty's Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Alid- dlejext the Hamlets and Liberties of the same; and I will well and rightly, justly and faithfully, execute the said Cilice of Steward of the said Court, and will administer and do full and speedy Justice to the King’s People in the same Court, according to my best Discretion, Knowledge, Understanding, and Judgment; and I will perform and observe all other Things which do anyways belong or appertain t&

the Office of Steward of the said Court, according to my best Discretion, Knowledge, Understanding,

and Judgment. And I do further swear. That I will not by myself, or knowingly by any Deputies,

Clerks, or Servants under me, or by any other Person or Persons, receive or take, or cause, permit, or suffer to be received or taken, any greater or other Fees in my said Office of Steward, than such as are directed to be taken in and by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceedings in the Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the same.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Stew- Steward m»y' ltd or his Successors, Stewards of the said Court, for the Purpose of preventing the Business of the said appoint*

Court being neglected or (landing fti’.l during the illness, or other Absence, of the said Steward of the puly*

Court aforesaid, 10 nominate, e)e£l, depute, and assign, a fit and discreet Person, learned in the Laws,

who shall be of the Degree of a Barrister of three Years (landing at the Bar at least, to execute, in the Absence of the said Steward, every Thing appertaining to the Office of Steward of the said Court; and whatsoever in the said Court is done or performed by such Deputy Steward of the Court aforesaid, in the Absence of the said Steward of the Court, shall have the same Force and Effect as if done by the said Steward himself.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That the said Deputy Steward for the Time being do take before the Deputy to be' Steward of the said Court, in open Court, the above Oath (mutatis mutandis) which is required to be *worn* taken by the said Steward of the Court himself.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Richard Farmer, the present Prothonotary Prothonotary, of the said Court, be continued Prothonotary of the same; and that from and after the Decease, Removal, or Resignation, snd also during any Vacancy of the said Office, it shall and may be lawful for the Patentee af rdaid for the Time being, under the said Letters Patent, to nominate and appoint one other fit Person to be Prothonotai y as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Steward; or any future Steward of Steward may fee* the said Court, or any other Officer or Officers of the said Court, shall not behave himself or themselves removed for well in his or their said Office or Offices, Application may be made to his Majesty's Court of King’s bciuYKmr*

Bench, by Information or Motion; and upon such Information, or Motion, it shall and may be lawful

i. for his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench to hear and determine the fame; and in case the said Steward, or

I other Officer or Officers, shall be found, upon due Examination and Proof before them, to have been

guilty of any such Misbehaviour in the said Office, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of King’s Bench to remove the said Steward, or other Officer or Officers, from his or their said Office or Offices.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall make Oath, or Ptini/Wnt of

Persons gttUtyof1

Pt rjury.

No AOion to be bfougj t 'without Noiice, &c.

tf T«nd?r ke

Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be brought, to tender Amends to the Party complain- mu,« <*f living, or his aforesaid Attorney; and in case the same shall not be accepted, to plead the General Blue, and c'^x

(ueb Tender, in Bar to any AQion to be brought, or to plead the General Iffiie, and give the said Tend^ ^0^rT

wjV

give Evidence, in any Cause depending in the said Court, whereby he, she, or they, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and thereof be duly convicted, then every such Person or Persons shall incur and [after the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to by the Laws and Statutes now in being.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Actions shall be brought against any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Thing done by virtue of, or in confluence of this Act, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Plaintiff’s Attorney, with his Place of Abode, containing the Cause, or pretended Caule, of Action, shall be served on the Prothonotary of the said Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the same, at least one Month before the bringing the same, nor after sufficient Amends or Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties complaining, nor after three Months after the Cause of A£Iion shall arise.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

I5° C*74 - 76. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

of Amends, this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence; and if, upon the Trial of the said Cause*

the Jury shall find the Amends io tendered to have been lulhcient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdu'l, or in case a Verdict or Judgment shall he given for tnq fetid Defendant or D; kndanfs, c»r it the Plaintiff 01 Plaintiffs shall hicoms mmtuited, or oikojilinue his, her, or their Actions, the said Defendant or Defendants shall be intitled to double Cods,

N* Actioni but

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be recover-

rrpVir*nfh?U a^c m Votirt by v‘ftuc ot or under this Act, Actions ut Dvbt and upon /jumfjit only excepted.

lc rcccvualic under this Adf.

T>rfnre? of this

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of procuring and passing this

/wti.jwiotc Act shall he pbd, fatbtwa, and discharged, out of the fir it Monies arsfing Iron the Fees which shall bq

*ai<i- raised as aforesaid, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

[Public Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken ;v; a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, JulLces, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for erecting a new Gaol, and for removing certain Gateways in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving and regulating the Streets there.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for appointing new Commissioners for continuing to carry into Execution the Trusts and Powers of an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the River Stower navigable from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, in the Room and Place of those named in the said Act who are since dead; and for explaining and amending the said Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for building a new Church and Rectory House within the Parish of Eserick, in the Country of York; and for confirming an Agreement with the Rector of the said Parish, for exchanging and exonerating from Tythes certain Lands and Tenements in Eserick aforesaid.

---

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo secundo GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the SECOND Session of the

FIFTEENTH Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 22 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to tmpower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

6. An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete during the time therein mentioned.

7. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organized Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

8. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities; and for establishing a Lottery.

9. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

10. An Act for the better detaining, and more easy Exchange of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain

11. An Act for allowing further Time to negociate, by Indorsement, the Bonds issued in pursuance of an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the Most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the Moss Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

12. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, purchased in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort; and the other in the twenty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Plymouth; and to certain Proprietors and Occupiers of Land at or near Plymouth, who have sustained any Loss or Damage in consequence of the said Acts.

13. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written and printed in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in neutral Ships; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; and to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

14. An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual, an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also two collateral Cuts therein mentioned.

15. An Act for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, with respect to Prize and Bounty Money not claimed in due Time.

16. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels.

17. An Act to repair, enlarge and rebuild, Cobham, Leatherhead and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey.

18. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, as every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith.

19. An Act for granting an additional Bounty on Ships employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery for a limited Time.

20. An Act to revive and further continue an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog's Lard and Grease.

21. An Act to extend so much of two Acts, of the twentieth and twenty first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods, to Tea, and all other Goods of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, which have been; or shall, during the present Hostilities be brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of Foreign Snuff into this Kingdom; and for preventing the Importation and Running of Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, and other prohibited Goods, into this Kingdom, in Vessels fitted out and armed as Privateers.

22. An Act for better securing the Duties payable, by virtue of an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, on the Importation of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk.

23. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

24. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

25. An Act to prohibit the ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on Board such Ships or Vessels.

26. An Act for providing Quarters for certain Foreign Troops lately employed in His Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

27. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City of Rochester, and the Parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, Higham, Cliffe, Cooling, High Halstow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham, Wouldham, Halling, Cuxstone, Chatham and Gillingham, and the Ville of Sheerness, in the County of Kent.

28. An Act for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco and Snuff; and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

29. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time."

30. An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis and Montserrat, into any Ports of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

31. An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

32. An Act to revive and continue an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

33. An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Notes payable otherwise than upon Demand.

34. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two; and for consolidating certain Annuities, which were made one Joint Stock by an Act made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, twenty ninth, thirty first, thirty second and thirty third Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and several subsequent Acts.

35. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish.

36. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

37. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Broseley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock and Dawley, and an Extra-parochial Place called Posnall, in the County of Salop.

38. An Act to permit the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any Port or Place either in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe, during the present Hostilities.

39. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on soul Salt, to be used in manuring of Lands.

40. An Act for punishing Persons wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of two Acts, made in the twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Punishment of Persons destroying any Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for or used therein.

41. An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections.

42. An Act for building a Stone Bridge across the River of Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of Kew, in the County of Surrey.

43. An Act for making a Passage for Carriages from Spitalfields to Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving the same; and for appropriating to those Purposes the Money arisen by virtue of an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Orphans Fund, for making such Passage.

44. An Act for amending the Pavement in, and for lighting some of the Streets, Lanes, Ways and Places in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, which are at present excluded from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the same; and for making an Opening from Orchard Street, and widening some Part of Wood Street and of Little Peter Street.

45. An Act for restraining any Person concerned in any Contract, Commission or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected, or sitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

46. An Act to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with certain Colonies in North America therein mentioned.

47. An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets.

48. An Act for charging a Duty on Persons whose Property shall be insured against Loss by Fire.

49. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Session of Parliament, with respect to preventing the Importation and Running of Tea into this Kingdom, in armed Vessels having Letters of Marque, or other Commissions from the Admiralty.

50. An Act for further continuing an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

51. An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all Damage, Interests and Losses in respect to their having made Default in certain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments being made at a future stipulated time; and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year.

52. An Act for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle within the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom.

53. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain.

54. An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

55. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

56. An Act more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire or erect, a Workhouse, within or near the said Parish, for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish.

57. An Act for building a new Bridge, instead of the present ancient Bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient Place over the River Loyne, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine, of Lancaster.

58. An Act for the more easy Discovery and effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods.

59. An Act to provide that the Proceeding on the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of the Parliament.

60. An Act to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, Muslins and Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, Plates or other Implements used in that Manufactory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit the exporting to foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates or other Implements.

61. An Act for granting an additional Duty upon White or Manufactured Bees Wax imported into Great Britain.

62. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising and training the Militia, as relates to Persons paying the Sum of Ten Pounds being liable to serve again in the Militia at the Expiration of Three Years; and also to oblige Substitutes to make Oath respecting their Place of Settlement.

63. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of King George the Second, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, as restrains the Use of the Highland Dress.

64. An Act for the amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction.

65. An Act to enable the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators to open a Street from the Strand, at or near the East End of the New Church, to the South End of Stanhope Street in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster and to make a more commodious Communication between the North End of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and Wylde Street in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

66. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

67. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

68. An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned; and also additional Duties on Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear Causes depending before them relative to the Duties on Male Servants.

69. An Act for compelling John Whitehill Esquire to return into this Kingdom; and for restraining him, in case of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the same.

70. An Act to enable the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

71. An Act more effectually to prevent His Majesty's Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain.

72. An Act for continuing so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets.

73. An Act to explain an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the planting, setting or sowing of Tobacco in England or Ireland, and to permit the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited time, under certain Restrictions.

74. An Act for enlarging the times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners, or other Persons for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

75. An Act to prevent the granting in future any Patent Office to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation now, or at any time hereafter, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, for any longer term than during such time as the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Person, and behave well therein.

76. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

77. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the Hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smithfield, near London, and of the House and Hospital called Bethelem, and the Presidents, Treasurers and acting Governors of the said several Hospitals.

78. An Act to permit Drugs, the Product of Hungary or Germany, to be imported from the Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany upon Payment of the single Duty, to allow the Importation of Hungary or German Wines, and organzined Thrown Silk, from the Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain, and of Timber, and other Goods, from any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Produce or Manufacture.

79. An Act for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enrol themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

80. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

81. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

82. An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues; and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List.

83. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

84. An Act for better paying, cleansing and lighting, Part of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and such Part of Old Bond Street as lies within the Parish of Saint James, in the said County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

85. An Act for the Improvement of Portman Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

86. An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, one made in the Eleventh, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving certain Streets in the Parishes of Saint John of Wapping, and Saint George in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to other Parts of the said Parishes, and also for opening certain Communications within the said Parish of Saint George.

87. An Act for paving, and freeing from Nuisances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways and Places, within the Parish of Saint Anne, in the County of Middlesex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, within the said Parish, and for making Ways and Streets into the Street called Risby's Rope Ground, and through or across Shoulder of Mutton Alley, and a Street called Ropemakers Fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the Bridge in the said Street called Risby's Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid.

88. An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland

89. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, to the Roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the Parish of Kenwyn, to Callestock Burrow, and from The Two Burrows, in the said Parish, to Perran Almshouse, and from The Three Burrows, in the said Parish, to Saint Agnes Almshouse, in the said County.

90. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from White Cross, is the Parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, in the Town of Beverley, in the said County.

91. An Act to confirm, and carry into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the Right Honourable James Earl of Salisbury, and the Trustees, appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex to Lemnsford Mill, in the County of Hertford; and for turning and altering the said Road, in the Manner mentioned in the said Agreement.

92. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of His late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon.

93. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham; and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across the River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the said River at or near Winston Ford.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Littlegate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Muskham Lanes to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge to the said Guide Post.

95. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop, so far as the same relates to the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halesowen; and for opening a more commodious Communication with the Birmingham Turnpike Road.

96. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Wordsley Green Gate; and from the West End of Bilston Street, in Wolverhampton, to The High Street opposite The Old Bush, in Dudley; and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham; and from The Market Cross is Wolverhampton to Cannock; in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester and Warwick.

97. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Wortley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinsley, and through Part of the Town of Tinsley, to the Place where the same joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield.

98. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent; and for allowing an annual Payment out of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads, to the Trustees for the Care of the Road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said County, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby.

100. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Willersley Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill; and from the Turnpike Road on Fair Mile Field, to the Turnpike Road at Broad Heath; and from the Turnspike Road at or near the Fords Bridge, to the Turnpike Road near Stockton; and from Kyre Common, to the Turnpike Road at Grendon Green in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester.

101. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; and for repairing the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell, through the Parishes of Poxwell and Osmington, to the Church in the said Parish of Osmington, in the said County of Dorset.

102. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Post Road near the Town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent; and from Bacon's Water, to a certain Lane called Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the City of Canterbury.

103. An Act for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester and Hereford; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from The Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tinbury, in the said Counties.

104. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, in the said County; and from the West End of Wadebridge, aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County.

105. An Act amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester.

106. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Acton Bridge, near Weaverham, in the same County.

107. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rushton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester; and also the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor and Blore, to the Turnpike Road, from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby; as relates to the District of Road between Ashborne and Congleton; and for repairing the Road from the End of Ashborne Church Yard to the Top of The Dig Street, in Ashborne aforesaid.

108. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford; and for building a Bridge over the River Wye at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County; so far as relates to such of the Roads comprized in the said Act as lie in the County of Hereford.

109. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Wey Hill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way in the County of Wilts.

110. An Act to continue the Term and alter the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of White Parish, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey-infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland, through the Township of Orton, to Kirby Kendall, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, and from Highgate, near Tebay, is a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendall, through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County.

112. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called The Hardwicke in the Parish of Clifford, to Windmill Hill, and from Vowchurch to Pontrilas, in the County of Hereford.

113. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Brecon, through the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon; and also the Road through Marish Lane to the Bullth and Hay Turnpike Road, near the Village of Llyswen, in the same County.

114. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid, to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent; as relates to the Road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act with respect to the other Roads therein contained.

115. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts passed in the Eleventh, Twenty sixth and Twenty ninth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex.

116. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Blyth Marsh to the Road leading from Ashborne to Baxton, near Thorp, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road at or near Ruehill Gate in the Counties of Stafford and Derby.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 22 Georgii III.

1. An Act for naturalizing Henry Meier and Herman Diederich Retberg.

2. An Act for allotting Part of Minsterworth Ham, in the Parish of Minsterworth in the County of Gloucester, to Charles Barrow Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in lieu of his Common Rights thereupon; and for allowing Exchanges within the said Parish.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Claudius Billet.

4. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Schmoll.

5. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Tshiffeli.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Part of the Forest of Mendip, and a Piece of Waste Land called Windsor's Hill, situate within the Parish of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset.

7. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, late the Estate of John Lord Monson, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and disposed of in and for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies and Portions given by his Will and Codicil; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing, inclosing and improving the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Honley, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the County of York, and for abolishing or settling certain other Rights or Claims within the said Manor.

9. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution, certain Agreements entered into by John Pitt Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, with Benjamin Planner, and others, relating to certain Waste Lands, and other Lands, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, and for vesting the same in the said John Pitt, and his Heirs, in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estates of John Burridge Cholwich Esquire, in the County of Devon, from the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Estates in the said County, in lieu thereof.

11. An Act for discharging the Manor of Imley otherwise Evenley, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Imley otherwise Evenley aforesaid, and elsewhere in the County of Northampton, Part of the Estate of Sir Francis Basset, of Tehidy Park, in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, from the Uses, Estates and Trusts, declared concerning the same, in and by the last Will and Testament of Francis Basset, late of Tehidy Park aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, and for settling another Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value in lieu thereof to the like Uses.

12. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Newton Esquire, with Catharine Seymour, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Inheritance in Fee of Part of the Estates heretofore of the Right Honourable Henrietta Cavendish Holles, Countess of Oxford, and Countess Mortimer, deceased, in Trustees in Trust, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge the Debts, Legacies and other remaining Incumbrances affecting the Whole of the Estates late of her the said Countess, which were devised by her Will; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for vesting in Trustees a competent Part of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, in the Parishes of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Giles in the Fields, for the Purpose of raising on Mortgage, or otherwise, such Sums of Money as shall be found expedient to be raised and applied for making and opening a new Street therein mentioned, from the East End of the New Church in the Strand, to the South End of Stanhope Street, and for defraying all necessary Costs, Charges and Expences, attending the same.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Robert late Earl of Holdernesse, deceased, in the County of York, in Trustees, for a Term of Years, for raising and Payment of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, charged by the Will of the said Earl on his said Estates.

16. An Act for Sale of an annual Fee Farm Rent of One hundred Pounds, payable to the See of Ely, out of certain Estates in and near Hatton Garden, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale in Manner therein mentioned.

17. An Act for enabling the Trustees for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex and Sussex, and in the Cities of London and Canterbury, to make an Indemnity to the Purchasers of certain Parts thereof, against the perpetual Annual Sums or Payments to which such Parts are liable.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Winstone, in the County of Gloucester.

19. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Kingston Deverill, in the County of Wilts.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Carr or Common called Thormanby Carr, within the Parish of Thormanby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Bolam, in the Parish of Gainford in the County of Durham.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Calverton, with the West Side of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Orton on the Hill, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands within the Ring of the said Fields, reputed to belong formerly to the Abbey of Merevale.

24. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting certain Moors, Commons or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Wookey, in the County of Somerset.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Great Creaton, in the County of Northampton, and the Hamlet of Little Creaton, in the Parish of Spratton, in the said County.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Stanton Saint Quintin, in the County of Wilts.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of and within the Manors and Liberties of Piddington and Hackleton, in the Parish of Piddington, in the County of Northampton.

28. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Common Downs, in the Hamlet or Tything of Eastington otherwise Northleach Foreign, in the Manor of Eastington, in the Parish of Northleach, in the County of Gloucester.

29. An Act for inclosing and leasing a Piece of Waste Land, called The Marsh, within the Parish and Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rates of the said Parish and Borough.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Commonable Places, within the Lordship or Liberty of Sandiacre, in the County of Derby.

31. An Act for confirming a certain Piece of Ground, Part of the Common of Norwood, in the Parish of Batcombe, in the County of Somerset, to the Rector of the said Parish; and for vesting the same, together with an additional Piece of Ground, other Part of the said Common, in him and his Successors, in lieu of all Right of Common and Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Batcombe, in or within the said Common of Norwood; and for confirming all the several other Parts of the said Common to the several Proprietors thereof, discharged of all Right of Common and Tithes belonging to the said Rectory.

32. An Act for vesting the Estates late in Jointure to Dame Sarah Fowler Widow, in Trustees, to be sold, conveyed and settled, pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Exchequer.

33. An Act for naturalizing Henry Eggers.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Vicesimo Secundo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the thirty-first Day of October, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-seventh Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; being the second Session of the fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

[Further continued to January 1, 1783.]

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

[4s.]

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. V.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VI.

An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient for the public Service, that the several Regiments and Corps of Militia should be made and kept as complete as possible during the Course of the ensuing Campaign: And whereas the Time of ballotting for many Regiments and Corps, or Parts of Regiments and Corps, will happen between the Months of March and December next ensuing, whereby such Regiments and Corps will, during that Period, be very much weakened and rendered unfit for Service: And whereas the Provisions in two Acts of Parliament, one made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty,

[18 Geo. III. Cap. 59.

intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned; and the other made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty,

[19 Geo. III. Cap. 72.

intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in

154 C. 7 - 8. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; which were intended to prevent in some Degree this Inconvenience, have been found inefficient:' For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Colonels, &c. of Militia, in whose Regiments the Time of Service of any private Men will expire between April 1, and Dec. 1, are to enquire of every such Man if he is willing to continue his Service for a further Term of three Years.]

That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Colonels and Commandants of the several Regiments and Corps of Militia, in which Regiments or Corps the Time of Service of any private Militia Men will expire between the first Day of April and the first Day of December next ensuing, shall, and they are hereby respectively required forthwith to apply, in the Manner directed by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, to every such private Man, and to enquire if he is willing to continue his Service for a further Term of three Years, and for what Sum or Price he shall be so willing to continue it, if required.

[Colonels, &c. to return Lists of such Men who are willing to continue, &c. to the Clerks of the General Meetings; which Clerks, Deputy Lieut. &c. are forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper Men to serve instead of those whose Times will expire as aforesaid.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Colonel and Commandant of every such Regiment and Corps of Militia, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to return a List as well of such private Militia Men as are willing to continue so to serve, as of all others whose Times of Service will expire between the first Day of April, and the first Day of December, next ensuing, to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County or Riding to which such Regiment or Corps shall respectively belong, in like Manner as is directed by the said recited Acts, or either of them; and all Clerks of General Meetings, Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and all other Persons concerned, are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon the Receipt of such Lists, forthwith so proceed to ballot for proper Men to serve in the Militia, in the Place of those whose Times will expire as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to execute all the Powers and Directions given by the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament respecting the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, as if all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Matters, and Things, contained in any of the said Acts relating to the Premises, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

[Clerks of Sub-division Meetings to send Lists of the Names, &c. of Militia Men sworn in to the Commandant of the Corps to which they, belong, &c.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Militia Men shall be ballotted for and sworn in, in the Manner herein-before directed, the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings respectively shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and transmit a List of the Names and Places of Abode of such Militia Men to the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment or Corps of Militia to which they shall belong; and every Colonel or Commandant of such Regiment or Corps of Militia is and are hereby authorised from Time to Time to discharge of those Men whose Times will soonest expire, a Number equal to those who are ballotted for and sworn in, and in Readiness to join his Regiment or Corps, so as to keep his Regiment or Corps as complete as may be during the Period before mentioned.

CAP. VII.

An Act for farther continuing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

[Further continued to March 25, 1783.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

[Preamble.]

---

44 13,500,000l. to be raised by Annuities, and 405,000l. by a Lottery. Contributors to the Sum of 13,$00,000 A to be intttled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon a Fund to be established this Session, and collaterally on the Sinking Fund. Every Contributor of 1,000l. shall, upon Payment of 30l. more, be intitled to Three Lottery Tickets. Preamble; reciting that Books have been opened at the Bank, and Depofiis made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required to pay the Remain- der of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Inte- rest for all Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Sub- feriptions, shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subscribers to the 1^,500,000l. intitled to an 44 Annuity of 3 per Cent. and an Annuity of per Cent., and also an Annuity ot 171. 6 d* -for 78 Years all payable half-yearly. Annuities cobe payable and transferable at the Bank of England^ &rc. Caftller of the Bank to give Receipts to Contributors for Money received; which shall be assignable. Cashier to give Security, to the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies re- ceived into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. A Book to be provided in the Accountant-general's Office, in which Contributors Names 14 shall be entered, &c. After Contributors shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will be intitled to receive the Annuities granted by this Act; which shall be Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the Public. As soon as Contributors have completed their Payments, the Sums subscribed shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit; and shall be af- signable. Annuities charged on the Fund to be established for Payment thereof. Governor, (sfc. of the Bank, to appoint a Chief Cashier, and Accountant-general. Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the Chief Cashier* for Payment of Annuities created by this Act. Accountant-general to examine Re- ccipts and Payments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate. Books to be kept by the Accountant- general, wherein shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced on this Act. Persons poHefted of

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 9-r-io. 155

Stock may devise the same by Will, Commissioners of the Treasury impowered, to defray the in- cidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. The 3 per Cent. Annuities granted by this Act,

shall be added to the 3 per Cent. Consols. transferable at the Bank. The per Cent. Annuities granted " by this Act, shall be added to the same Fund as the per Cents. granted by the Lottery Acts of ao 46 and 21 Geo. III. The Annuities of 17 s, 6 d. per Annum, for 78 Years, to be added to the consolidated Long Annuities of i, a, 4, and 20 Geo. III. but to be paid out of the Fund to be establi&ed this Session. The Bank to continue a Company dll Redemption of the Annuities. 40^,000l. to be raised by u a Lottery; the Prizes whereof to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Guardians having the Disposal of Infants Money, may contribute to the Loan, tsfe. Managers and Directors of the Lot- tery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books. Ticket. Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the fame. Caflbiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Monies paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up, and fattened with Thread or Silk; and cut off indentwise into a Box marked with the Letter (A)* Box to be locked up, and sealed. Book? to be prepared with'two Columns, on each of which 40,500 Tickets are to be printed. The Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets. 500l.

to each first-drawn Ticker of the first five Days; i,oooo/. to ditto the icth and 15 th Days; 2,000l. to ditto the 18th Day; 3,000l. to ditto the zift Day; and 2,coo/, to the last-drawn. Tickets of the last- mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the 14 Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 18, 1782. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. Num- ber of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers.

Penalty on forging Tickets, tsfe. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering Persons guilty, to receive a rar- don, and 5?/. Reward. Prowfo. Managers to be sworn. The Oath. Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the fame; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 10l. so paid. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Deposits with respect to the Lottery; and the Tickets for such Sums to be delivered into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, &c as they shall think fit. The 405,000l. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Sup- plies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March 1*

44 178.^. Managers to give Notice of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and finned, &c. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution- monies, or for any Receipts, (At. on Penalty of 20l. Persons sued in Execution of this Act, may plead the General Issue, and recover Treble Costs."

CAP. IX.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

CAP. X.

An Act for the better detaining, and more easy Exchange, of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, since the Commencement of the present War, Exchanges of Prisoners taken in America, or conveyed to America, have been there regularly made, with Advantage to his Majesty's Service: And whereas it may be likewise convenient for the Paid Service, that American Prisoners $ brought into Great Britain should be detained, and exchanged, in the same Mannermay it therefore - plcate your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it His Majesty m may and shall be lawful for his Majesty, during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, to hold and de- thoriw to de* tain in such Prisons or Places within Great Britain, as to his Wisdom shall teem fit, as Prisoners of War, aH Natives or other Inhabitants of the Thirteen revolted Colonies not at his Majesty's Peace, who have been, habitant* of the or shall be, taken^y Sea or Land, and brought into Great Britain t And it shall be lawful for his Majesty revolted Coio-to discharge any Person or Persons so taken and detained as Prisoner or Prisoners of War, either absolutely, nie*, taken an* or upon such Conditions, and with such Limitations, or for such a Time, as his Majesty shall deem proper; brought into as also to authorise any Commissioner or Commissioners to discharge or exchange all and every Person or Persons as aforesaid, according to the Custom and Usage of War, and the Law of Nations; Regard being d?sch!rge or bad in the said Exchanges relative to Officers in his Majesty's Service, whether the said Officers have change such been made Prisoners in America or elsewhere, to the Rank of the said Prisoners, and the Length of Time Prisoner*, fiQce they have bear taken: And the Detention, Enlargement, or Exchange aforesaid, shall be good and valid, any Warrant of Commitment, or Cause therein expressed, or any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

J5«

Breimble. Act 14 Geo. Jlf. ifo ted.

Band* issued by the Duke of Buccleugh, &c, Parc thereof fu4*

The outflanking Books to be negotiable until June 24, 1786,

Public! Act,

[Preamble.]

Recital of 20 Geo. III. Cap.

C. 11 - 12. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

CAP. XI.

An Act for allowing a further Time to negociate, by Indorsement, the Bonds issued in pursuance of an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the Most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the Most Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the Alojl Noble Henry Duke ff Bjccleugh, the Alojl Noble Charles Duke of Queen (berry and Dover, and others, for re-

deeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the said Henry Duke of buccleugh, Charles Duke of

Queensberry and Dover, A chibald Douglas of Douglas Esquire, John Hamilton of Sundrumt Alexander Fergufjon of Craigdarroch, Hay Campbell, David Firgujon, Alexander Wight) John Campbell, Andrew

Crosbie, George Hsme, Alexander Alackonochie, Thomas Lockhart, and John Syme, or any five of them (of which the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh, Charles Duke of Questijberrs and Dover, and Archibald Douglas of Douglas Esquire, or any two of them, or the Survivor of them, mould he three, two, or one, as the Case might happen), to execute and issue Bonds for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole five hundred thousand Pounds, for redeeming certain Annuities granted by the Partnership of Douglas, Heron, and Company, or for raising Money thereon for redeeming the said Annuities, and that in the Form and Manner, and under the Conditions in the said Act mentioned; and alj which Bonds, so to be issued, are declared to be assignable, by Indorsement upon the original Bond, with- out Sramps, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, toties quctiesy and as often as Uccalun should be and require: And by the said Act it is provided, That the said Bonds should not be negociable or transfer- rable by Indorsement after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two:

And whereas the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh, Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover% Archibald Douglas, of Douglas Esquire, and the other Persons in the said Act mentioned, did, in Terms thereof,

execute and issue Bonds for five hundred thousand Pounds; Part whereof, amounting to the Sum of two hundred and thirteen thousand three hundred Pounds, has already been paid off and discharged, and the Bonds granted in pursuance of the said Aftf have been taken up and cancelled by the said Partnership of Douglas, Heron, and Company; but by reason of the great Fall in the Price of Lands, in which the greatest Part of the Funds of the Company are inverted, and the Difficulty of finding Purchasers for the same, and of recovering the other Debts due to the Partnership, in the present State of Credit and Situa- tion of that Part of the United Kingdom, it is apprehended that it will be impossible to pay off the Re- mainder of the said Bonds previous to, or upon the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, when they cease to be transferable by Indorsement, which may occasion great Loss and Inconvenience both to the said Partnership, and to the Holders of the said Bonds, unless prevented by the Interpofnion of Parliament :9 May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Bonds issued under the Authority iff the said in Part recited Act, which shall be outstanding and remain unpaid upon the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall continue, and are hereby declared to be transferrable by Indorsement upon the original Bond, without Stamps, toties quot\esy and as often as Occasion shall be and require, until the twenty-fourth Day of June> in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and no longer.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all Courts within England and Scotland, to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XII.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, purchased in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort; and the other in the twenty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Plymouth; and to certain Proprietors and Occupiers of Land at or near Plymouth, who have sustained any Loss or Damage in consequence of the said Acts.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to vejl certain Messuages* Lands, Tenements, end Hereditaments* in Trustees for the better

»57

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 12.

securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheernlfs; and for better defending the Pufjage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, (herein mentioned, were vested in the Right Honourable Sir Fletcher Norton Knight,

and other Persons therein mentioned, and their Heirs; in Trust nevertheless for such Person and Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as, at or immediately before the Time of making the said Act, were the several and respt-dive Owners and Proprietors thereof, according to their several Estates and Interests therein at the same Time, in Possession, Reveifion, Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and Interests should be respectively adjudged and determined, or Possession thereof taken by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or Engineers, or other Officers acting under their Authority (which they were thereby impowered to do, whenever it should be found necefury for his Majesty's Service), and the several Sum or Sums of Money, and Interest for the same, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum for one Year, for the gross Sum that should be assessed for the true and real Value the eof, in Manner and Form therein mentioned, should be paid: And it was by the said Act also enacted, That im- mediately after Payment should be made of the Sum and Sums of Money to be ascertained in Manner therein mentioned, as the Value of the Rights and Interests of all Persons pjfiefied of, or intcre(K*d in,

such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, unto the Owners or Proprietors thereof icfpec- tively, the said Trustees should be deemed and adjudged to Hand seised of the Premises so paid for, to and for the Use of his Majesty, and his H rirs and Successors, for ever, freed and discharged of and from all Right, Title, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, that could or might be made by any Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil: And whereas his Majesty, by virtue of the said Act, his Majesty's issued his Commission, by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at WejD tctfer* Patent,

minster, the twenty-sixth Day of August, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty, authoring 2*e

and impowering certain Persons therein named, or any five or more of them, to do, perform, and execute, 7

all Powers, Directions, Authorities, Matters, and Things, in the said Act contained, which by the said Act such Commissioners were authorised and required to do, perform, and execute: And whereas five or more of the said Commissioners, named in the said recited Act, began to put the same into Execution,

with respect to the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, but were unable so to do on account of many Particulars of the Lands intended to be taken for the Use of the Public being wrongly or imperfectly described in the said recited Act: And whereas and 21 Geo. III. another Act was made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend CaP* 6|*

jo much of the said Act. as relates to the Security of his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth; in and by which Ad, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Particulars of the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which were intended to be taken for the Use of the Public,

were accurately and exadiy described; and it was by the said last recited Act enacted, That all the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which were, by the said former Act, vested in the said Sir Fletcher Norton, and others, and which were not particularly mentioned or described in the said Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, should be divested out of the said Sir Fulcher Nortonf and the said other Persons, and their Heirs; and the same, and every Part and Parcel thereof, were thereby reverted in the several and respective Persons in whom the same were vested at the Time of the passing of the said first recited Act, and their several and respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in such and the same Manner as if the said Act had not been made: And it was in the said Act,

made in the the twenty* first Year of his Majesty's Reign, further enacted, That in case it should be at any Time thereafter agreed between any Person or Persons authorised by and on the Behalf of his Majesty, and the Right Honourable George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, that a Lease or Grant should be made and executed by the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, unto the said Sir Fletcher Norton, and the several other Trustees in the said former Act named, Or to such other Person or Persons as should be nominated and agreed on in that Behalf, their respective Executors, Administra- tors, and Assigns, for the Purposes aforesaid, of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein- before particularly described, situate within the Manor of Stonehouse otherwise East Stonehouse, whereof the said Viscount was then Owner or Proprietor, for so long a Term, and under as low a Rent and Fine,

and as few and reasonable Conditions, Restrictions, and Exceptions, and with such perpetual Right of Renewal, and all such other Powers, Liberties, and Advantages, as the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe, and Valletort was then enabled to demise or grant the same, under or by virtue of the Powers or Authorities of a certain Act, made in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Lord Edgcumbe to grant building Leases of Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, within the Manor of Stonehouse otherwise East Stonehouse, in the County of Devon; or such other Rent, Fine, Conditions, Restrictions, Exceptions, Rights, Powers, Liberties, or Advantages,

as could or might be agreed on, and the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort should make and execute such Lease or Grant accordingly; that then, and in such Case, and immediately thenceforth,

the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in such Lease or Grant comprized, and the Fee simple and Inheritance thereof, should be, and the same were determined by the said Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, accordingly diverted out of the said Sir Fletcher Norton, and the said other Persons, and their Heirs, freed and discharged from the Ends and Purposes of the said Act, made in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign; and the same, and every Part and Parcel thereof, should be, and were reverted in the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, and the several other Persons in whom the same were vtfted at and immediately before the making of the said Act in the twentieth Year of his Majesty’*

Reign, and his and their respective Heirs for such Estate or Eftites, in such and the same Plight, Condi- lion, and Manner, as the same were then so vest d in them respectively, and should or would, at the Time of the Delivery uf the aforesaid Lease or Grant, have been vested, in case the said Act, made in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, had not been made; any Thing the rein, or in the said Act, made ? in the twenty-full Year of his Majesty's Reign, contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And

Commissionerj mcr, in the Parish of Amony, «n Aug. i~f ij Si.

Their Proceedings at hid Meeting.

58 C. ia. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

whereas it was by the said Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, further en- acted. That all and every the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Clauses, contained in the said Act, made in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and which related to the Messuages, Lands, Tcnenements, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned to be situate in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall, should be and continue in full Force and Effect, and should extend to, and be executed and performed with regard to all and every the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned and

described in the said Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, as fully and effectually as

if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in such Act: And whereas, after reciting in the said Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, that in consequence of the said former Act of Parliament, and of the Appointment of Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution, the

Proprietors and Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so revetted, were put to Expence in procuring Surveys, Plans, and Valuations, of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be taken, and otherwise relating thereto, as is mentioned in the said Act of Parliament made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid, or any five or 1 more of them, were thereby authorised and required to enquire into, ascertain, assess, and allow to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so revetted as aforesaid,

such Cotts, Damages, and Expences, as they had sustained or bt*en put unto by reason or Means of /uch Matter: And whereas, by virtue of the said Commission, and in pursuance of the said recited Acts, five or more of the Commissioners in the said Commission named, on the twenty-seventh Day of August last, did meet at the Sign of the Prince William Henry, at Tor Pointy in the Parish of Antony, in the said County of Cornwall, pursuant to Notice thereof, in Writing, duly given and fixed up, and also published in the

London Gazette, twenty-one Days and more before such Meeting, in such Manner as in and by the said first recited Act was directed; and did then and there adjourn from Day to Day until the thirtieth Day of the said Month of August, inclusive; ^nd on such several Days they proceeded, by and upon the Inspec- tion and Examination of Deeds, Writings, and Records, and otherwise, to enquire and ascertain who were the Owners and Proprietor's of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, and situate in the County of Corn- wall aforesaid, and the particular Estate and Interest of each of such Persons therein; and such Commissioners at the same Time proceeded, by and upon the Inquest of twelve or more good and lawful Men, qualified to serve upon Juries at the Assizes for the said County of Cornwall, impannelled, summoned, and returned, by Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, Sheriff of the said County, to take the Inquest (and before which Jurors Witnesses were examined), to enquire and ascertain the true and real Value of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said last recited Act mentioned to be situate in the County of Cornwall and of every Part and Parcel thereof, and the true and real Value of the particular Estate and Interest of each Person intitled unto, or interested in, the same respectively;

and five or more of the said Commissioners did, on the last of the said Days, make their Determination and Decree, pursuant to the said recited Acts, with regard to the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the said County of Cornwall, and thereby they determined and de-

creed that the true and real Value of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the said County of Cornwall including two small Sums to be paid as a Satisfaction for the Damage done to a Rope-walk, hitherto extending on a small Part of such Lands, by

taking the same for the Use of the Public, was five thousand nine hundred fifty-four Pounds, eighteen Shillings, and eleven Pence; in which Sum were included two Sums of one thousand three hundred seventy-one Pounds, six Shillings, and Five-pence, and fifty-six Pounds, fourteen Shillings, and Four-pence Halfpenny, making together one thousand four hundred twenty-eight Pounds, and Nine-pence Halfpenny, as the Value of certain Lands belonging to Rear Admiral Thomas Graves; and which Lands are, with other neighbouring Lands and Estates of the said Admiral Thomas Graves, comprised in the Settlement made previous to his Marriage with Elizabeth his Wife, bearing Date the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, which Settlement is set forth in such Decree of the said Commissioners: And whereas five or more of the Commissioners named in the said Commission, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, did, on the third Day of September last, meet at the King’s Arms Inn in the Town of Docky in the County of Devon, pursuant to Notice thereof, in Writing, given and fixed up, tnd also published in the London Gazette, twenty-one Days and more before such Meeting, in such Manner as directed by the said first recited Act; and such Commissioners did then and there adjourn from Day to Day, until the eighth Day of the said Month of September inclusive; and on such several Days they did, in such like Manner as aforesaid, esquire who were the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in the said last recited Act, situate in the said County of Droony and the particular Estate and Interest of each of such Persons therein; and such Commissioners at the same Time proceeded, by and upon the Inquest of twelve or more good and lawful Men qualified to serve upon Juries at the Assizes for the said County of Devon, impannelled, summoned, and returned, by John Burridge Cholwich Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, to take the Inquest, and before which Jury Witnesses were examined, to enquire and ascertain the true and real Value of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said last recited Act mentioned to be situate in the said County of Devon, and the true and real Value of the particular Estate and Interest of each Person intitled unto, or interested in, the same respectively; and Claims having been then made before the said Commissioners by some Persons for Costs, Damages, and Expences, which they had sustained or been put unto as Proprietors or Occu- piers of Lands by the said last recited Act revested, the said Commissioners then and there also proceeded to enquire into, ascertain, assess, and allow, such Costs, Damages, and Expences; and five or more of the said Commissioners did, on the said eighth Day of September last, make their Determinations and Decree pursuant to the said recited Acts, with regard to the said Land£, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the Lid County of Devon; and they thereby determined and decreed, that the true and teal Value of

'4

Another Meeting on Sept, 3, in the To*n of Pock.

Proceeding!

thereat.

A.D. 17Si. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 12*. 159

Lord

cumbe'* Proposal for granting a Leafo*

f the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Lft recited Act mentioned to' be situate in

the said County of Devon* including the Moneyaffe/Ted and allowed for the Costs, Damages, and Expences, of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so revelled, is ten thousand and fifr^-nine Pounds, six Shillings, and Sixpence, but exclusive of the Lands and Hereditaments

of the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, described in the said last recited Act as being

situate within the said Manor of Stoneho^je otherwise East Stonehouse \ and in such Sum of ten thousand

and fifty-nine Pounds, six Shillings, and Sixpence, was included the Sum of two thousand seven hundred twenty-eight Pounds, two Shillings, and Sixpence, as the Value of certain Lands in the Parish of Maker, in the said County, belonging to the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort; and which Lands are, with other neighbouring Lands and Effaces of the said Viscount, comprized in the Set- tlement made previous to his Marriage with the Right Honourable Emm Viscountess Mount Edgcumbe

and Valletort his Wife, dated the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, which Settlement is set forth in such Decree: And the said Commissioners, with respect to such Lands and Hereditaments of the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, in the said recited Act, passed in

the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, described as being situate within the said Manor of Stonehouse otherwise East Stonehouse, certified as follows, that is to say; That although no Lease, or absolute Agreement for a Lease, had been then made by the said Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, of all or any of the Particulars of such Lands and Hereditaments, agreeable to the Clause for that Puppose contained in the said last recited Act, and particularly described and marked out in the Plan produced to the said Commissioners, and which they caused to be annexed to the Inquisition of the said Jurors, yet a Pro- posal had been made unto them the said Commissioners, by or on Behalf of the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, that he the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort Ahould make and execute a Lease, unto any Person inTruft for his Majesty, of all such Particulars of Lands and Hereditaments situate in the said Manor of Stonehouse otherwise East Stonehouse (with an Exception of all Wrecks of the Sea happening on such Lands, or any Part thereof; and all Mines and Qparries within and under the same, so as that any such Mines or Quarries be not used or wrought, gotten or

fought for, to the Prejudice of any Battery, Forts, or other Buildings, erected or to be erected upon the same Premises, nor without the Privity and Consent of the Lessee, or his Representatives), to hold for the Term of ninety-nine Years, if three Persons nominated on Behalf of his Majesty, or any or either of them, should so long live, on the following Terms; that is to say, A yearly Rent of Condition* of thirty-six Pounds, seventeen Shillings, and Sixpence (being after the Rate of Sixpence for every the Leaf*.

square Perch; which is the lowest Rent at which his Lordship is enabled to erant a Lease of such Kind),

to be reserved to the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Person or Persons who should for the Time being be intitled to the Reversion of the Premises; and such yearly Rent to be payable half-yearly, at Lady-day and Michaelmas* the first Payment to be made on such of those Days as should happen next after the Date, of the Lease; and the Lessee to pay all Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes, Payments, Rates, Assessments, and Impositions whatsoever, in respect of such 'Lands and Hereditaments, or any of them, or whereunto the same, or any of them, were or should be

liable during the Continuance of such Term; and the Lessee to do Suit of Court, and pay and perform all such Dues and Duties, Suits, Services, and Customs, as usually have been paid and done for such

Lands and Hereditaments, or were incident thereto; and a Covenant to be contained in the Lease on the Part of such Lessee, on Behalf of his Majesty, for Payment of such yearly Rent and Taxes, and for Performance of all other Dues and Duties, Suits, Services, and Customs, as aforesaid, and for keeping the Premises, and all the Batteries and other Buildings which were or should be erected thereon, in good Re- pair; and also for making and maintaining a proper and effectual Stone Wall or Fence to divide and inclose the Lands and Hereditaments so to be leased, from the Lands adjoining and at the End, or sooner Determination of the said Term, to leave and yield up the same in good and sufficient Condition; and in such Lease the usual Clause should be inserted for Re-entry on Nonpayment of the Rent, or Nonper- formance of any of the said Covenants or Agreements; and a Covenant to be also inserted in such Lease,

on the Part of the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, for quiet Enjoyment without Interraption from him the said Viscount, his Heirs or Assigns, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever;

and in such Lease should also be inserted a proper Covenant or Agreement for Renewal thereof on the

Death of each of the Persons on whose Lives the said Term of ninety-nine Years should be determinable,

and for further Renewals on the dropping of each other or new Life from Time to Time for ever, oa

Payment of the Sum of seven hundred and thirty -six Pounds, ten Shillings, to the said George Lord Vif-

count Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Person or Persons who should, for the Time being, be intitled to the Reversion or Freehold of the said Lands and Hereditaments expectant on the Determination of the Lease or Leases thereof which should from Time to Time be subsisting and in

being, with the like Clauses or Conditions relating to such Renewal from Time to Time as are usually inserted in Leases of the like Kind, granted by the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, of Lands in the said Manor of Stonehouse otherwise East Stonehouse, containing Agreements for perpetual Renewal, under and by virtue of the Act of Parliament for that Purpose herein-before mentioned; except that no Heriot, nor any Money in lieu of any Heriot, should be payable for or in respect of all or any of the Lands and Hereditaments in the said Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, described as being situate within the said Manor; and, lastly, on the Execution of such first Lease by the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, the Sum of four hundred Pounds % should be paid to him, in order to reimburse him the Sum of two hundred Pounds which he had agreed to pay, and, before the Execution of such Lease, would have paid to Reuben Dyer Bone, as the Consideratiob for his surrendering a Lease for Years, determinable on Lives, of some Particulars of the Lands described Via the said Act as utuate within the said Manor of Stonehouse otherwise East Stonehouse, and to reimburse

160

Lord Edg-cumbe'* Propo* i*\ approved of by the Cumnriiffionc.f.

A Lease made

and executed, dated Sept. 29,

»6,4ifL 5*»

5 d. wi h Interest, to be applied for making Corr.pens tion to Proprietor* of Lindp, fee. in Devonshire and Cornwall,

Surveyor General of the Ordnance to mike out Bi Is for the several Somi adjudged to the Proprie'ora of Lindt, ice.

C. 12. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

the said Viscount the like Sum of two hundred Pounds which he had agreed to pay, and, before the Exe-

cution of such Lease, would have paid to Susanna Croad Widow, as the Consideration Money for her

surrendering a Lease for Years, determinable on Lives, of some other Particulars of the said Lands: And

the said Commissioners also certified, that they were of Opinion, that the Proposal so made, on the Behalf of the said George Lord Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, was in all Respects reasonable, and that it would be for the Advantage of his Majesty to accept thereof, and to accede thereto, and that therefore

they had declined to make, either by themselves or the said Jurors, any Enquiry concerning the Value of the Inheritance of all or any of the Particulars of such Lands and Hereditaments, situate in the said

Manor of Stonehouse otherwise East Stonehouse; and the said Commissioners did accordingly adjudge, decree, and determine, that the said Sum of four hundred Pounds should be paid to the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, on his executing such first Lease, on the Terms aforesaid, of all the Lands and Hereditaments in the said Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, described as being situate in the said Manor of Stonehouse otherwise East Stonehouse: And whereas a Lease, dated the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, hath been accordingly, since the Date of the said Certificate, duly made and executed by the said George Viscount Mount dgcumbe and Valletort, to Sir Richard Sutton Baronet, for and on Behalf of his Majesty, of all the particular Lands and Hereditaments of him the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort) in the said Act, made in the twenty first Year of his Majesty's Reign, described as being situate in the said Manor of Stonehouse* otherwise East Stonekoufey with such Exception as aforesaid, for the Term of ninety-nine Years, if his Royal Highness George Augujlm Prince of Wales, his Royal Highness Frederick Bishop of Osnaburg, and his Royal Highness Prince William Henry, or any or either of them, shall so long live, at the said yearly Rent of thirty-six Pounds, seventeen Shillings, and Sixpence; and in all other Respetfs according to the Proposal, and on the Terms so certified by the said Commissioners; and the said Sir Richard Sutton hath executed a Counterpart of such Lease, and Possession hath been taken of such Lands and Hereditaments on Behalf of his Majesty: And whereas all the Sums so assessVd, and adjudged and decreed by the said Commissioners to be paid as aforesaid, including the Sum of four hundred Pounds so decreed to be paid to the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletorty on his executing such first Lease as aforesaid (and which four hundred Pounds is now become absolutely payable, by the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort having executed such Lease), amounts together to the Sum of Sixteen thousand four hundred and fourteen Pounds, five Shillings, and Five-pence, but Possession hath not been as yet t^ken of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any of them, except as aforesaid, by the Crown, the same being still in the Occupation of the respective Proprietors, and no Provision hath yet been made for Payment of the said Money, or any Part thereof: Now, for making Compensation to the several Owners and Proprietors of such several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, particularly mentioned and described in the said Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, for such their Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and to the Persons who have sustained, or will sustain. Damage, as mentioned in the said Determinations or Decrees; and for the more effectual carrying the said several recited Acts of Parliament into Execution, with respect to all the Meduages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Cornwall ind Drvony mentioned and described in the Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his prefen t Majesty ;’ may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fern of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted, or to be granted, to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, the e shall and may be issued and applied the aforesaid Sum of sixteen thousand four hundred and loti-teen Pounds, five Shillings, and Five-pence, with Interest, as herein after is mentioned, for the Purp d'e of making reasonable and just Compensation and Satisfaction to all and every Person and Persons, Bod its Politick and Corporate, Ecclr fiastical and Civil, who, at the Time of making the said reflective Determinations or Decrees, were the several and respective Owners and Proprietors of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall, and particularly mentioned in the I-id Act made in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, according to their several and respective Estates and Interests therein, in Possessi >n, Reverfiorf, Kem-iinder, or otherwise, as ascertained av afn.csaid, and to the Persons who have sustained, or will sustain. Damage by taking such Lands, for the Purposes of such respective Adds, or relating to the said revested Lands and Hereditaments, as mentioned in the said several and respective Determinations Of Decrees.

II. And, to the Intent that all and Angular the Proprietors aforesaid may be paid for such of their respective Estates and Interests, and that the Persons so sustaining Damage may be paid for such Damage, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as they have been adjudged and determined by the said Commissioners to be respectively intitlrd unfo, together with Interest, for such Part thereof as hereitl- after mentioned, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from such respective Times as herein after mentioned; that is to f*yn As to the Sum of four hundred Pounds, payable to the said George Viscount Mount Edgeenmbe and Valietorty in respect of his Lands and Hereditaments in the Manor of Stonehouse otherwise East Stonehouse, as aforesaid, from the aforesaid twenty-ninth Day of September, orfe thousand seven hundred and tighry-one, being the Date of the aforesaid Lease of those Lands; and as t& 4 all the other Particulars of such Money, not decreed to be paid by way of Satisfaction for Damages or Expences, from such Time as Possession of the Lands, in respect whereof the same shall be payable, shall be taken by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or the Engineers by their Dhedion, to such Time as herein after mentioned, in case such Possession shall be taken before the Purchase money shall he paid i and as to the Money decreed to be paid by way of Satisfaction for Damages or Expences, without

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 161

any Interest; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the*

Surveyor General of the Ordnance for the Time being, and he is hereby required to make out and allow* one or more Bill or Bills, to the respective Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, for such Sum and Sums of Money as is or are to them respectively adjudged by the said several and respective Determinations or Decrees of the said Commissioners, together with Interest for the same, after the Kate of five Pounds per Centum per Annutn, from such respective Times as aforesaid to the Time of Payment, of which Notice shall be given in the London Gazette; which Hill or Bills so made shall express the respective Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Interest or Damage, for or in respect of which such BjII or Bills shall be made out, together with the Name of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and the respective Sum and Sums of Money he, she, or they, is or are to receive; and Debenture? thereupon one or more Debenture or Debentures shall be prepared, for such several and respective sums as bc P'^red aforesaid, by the Clerk of the Ordnance for the Time being, and signed by three or more of the principal Qrcd^rcc °a^e Officers of the Ordnance for the Time being; which Debenture or Debentures is and are hereby required pijd by the to be paid by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, who shall fake Acquittances from the Treasurer. Parties indorsed thereon; and such Payment shall be made without Fee or Reward, and without any Deduction or Abatement on any Ground Or Pretence whatsoever; and, in order to obviate any Doubt, as to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, who shall be tntided unto, or interested in, any such Money, having Notice that such Money shall be ready tx> be paid, the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance shall cause Notice thereof to be published in the London Gazette.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums which shall, in and by such To whom to be Debentures, be payable to Persons to whom it is by the said recited Decrees of the Commissioners deter- Paid.

mined or decreed, that the Money thereby determined to belong to them should be absolutely paid to them,

shall be paid to such Pet Tons accordingly.

IV. And whereas by the said Decree, in relation to the Lands in the County of Cornwall, it was de- The Sum found creed and determined, that the Sum of one thousand four hundred twenty-eight Pounds, and Nine-pence to be the Value Halfpenny, found to be the Value of the said Lands of the said Rear Admiral Thomas Graves as aforesaid, to

be paid to the Trustees in his said Settlement (who are Sir Richard Sutton Baronet, George James I Id Hi a ms, to paid t<mr-4 William Graves, and Barnard Frederick Taylor), or to some proper Person or Persons in Trust, to be laid out tain Tiuflees;

in the Purchase of 6ther Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses comprized in the said Thomas Graves's said Marriage Settlement, and in the mean Time to be laid out at Interest for the Benefit of the Persons who would for the Time being be intitled to the Rents of such Lands when purchased be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of one thousand four hundred twenty-fight Pounds, and Nine-pence Halfpenny, shall and lawfully may be paid unto them the said Sir Richard Sutton, George James Williams, Willi am Graves, and Barnard Frederick Taylor, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor; and that their Receipt, or the Receipt of the Survivors or‘Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, or any Person duly authorised by them, or the Suvivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, to receive such Money, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the same.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That they the said Sir Richard Who ire to In-

Sutton, George James Williams, William Graves, and Barnard Frederick Taylor, and the Survivors or Sur- ytQ: *hc *m.£ ,nf vivor of them, and the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, shall stand and be pofie (Ted of the [ fresha!ci ° said Sum of cne thousand four hundred twenty-eight Pounds, and Nine-pence Halfpenny, when and so to be

soon as they shall have received the same, on the Trusts and for the Purposes following; (that is to say.) fruM to the On Trust, that they shall and do, as soon as conveniently may be, with the Confcntand Approbation f fame Ui«, &c. the said Thomas Graves, and Elizabeth his Wife, or of the Survivor of them, while both or either of them *s the

the said Thomas Graves, and Elizabeth his Wife, shall be living, and at the Discretion of such Trcfkes, after and*5 the Death of both of them, the said Thomas Graves and Elizabeth his Wife, Jay out and invdt the said Sum of one thousand four hundred twenty-eight Pounds, and Nine pence Halfpenny, in the Purchase oL freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Fee-simple, of a good Estate of Inheritance in Fee-simple, to be settled to and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under,-and. subject unto, the same Powers, Provisoes, Restri£Eons, and Conditions, to which the Lands, for the Pir-, chase whereof the said Sum of one thousand four hundred twenty-eight Pounds, and Nine-pence Hjlf-. penny, is to be paid, were limited by the said Settlement, dated the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-onc, and made previous to the Marriage of the said Thomas Graves with the said Elizabeth his Wife, or such and so many of them as shall be then in being, or capable of taking Effoit;. and also that in the mean Time, ani until a convenient Purchase (h ill offer whereon to Uy out such Morey, or place it out at they the said Trustees, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such ImmA. Survivor, shall and do, from Time to Time, place out such Money in Government Securities, or, if required by the said Thomas Graves, and Elizabeth his Wife, during both their Lives, on good real Sccuity, at Interest, in the Names of them the said Trustees, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, and shall and do pay all the Interest or yearly Dividends, whicfcftiall from Time to Time anse therefrom, unto the Person or Persons who would for the Time being be irtitled to the Rents and Profits of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, if purchased.

VI. And whereas by the said Decree, in relation to the Lands in the County of Devon,.it was cfccrecd The Sum foond

and determined, that the aforesaid Sum of two thousand seven hundred twenty-eight Pounds, twi Shil- he the Value

lings, and Sixpence, found to be the Value of the Lands of the said George Viscount Mount Eqcumbe ?^ndV*

and Valletort, in the Parish of Maker, ought to be paid to the Trustees in his said Marriage Secernent the iCiih of 4 (who are Lenius Boldero Barnard, and William Masterman, Esquires), or to some proper Person or Maker, to be Persons, in Trust, to be laid out in the Purchase of ocher Lands, Tenements, and Hereditamenfi, to be to certain Vot.

MV. Part II.

let tied

C. 12

Who ire to in vest the same in the Purchase of I freehold Estate, to be settled to the same Use*, Src. as the former Land* j

or to place it out at lmercft.

162 A.D. 1782. Atino vicesimo secundo Georgii III.

c settled to the Uses comprized in the find George Vifcodnt Mount Edgcumbe and Vallelor?s said Settle- taent; and in the mean Time to be laid out at Interest for the Benefit of the Persons who would, for the Time being, be intitled to the Rents of such Lands when purchased ;’ be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of two thousand seven hundred twenty-eight Pounds, two Shillings, and Sixpence, shall lawfully be paid unto them the said Lenius Boldero Barnard and I Viliam Master-man, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor; and that their Receipt, or the Receipt of the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, or any other Person duly authorised by them, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, to receive such Money, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That they the said Lmius Bolder 0 Barnard^ and William Majlerman, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, shall stand and be possessed of the said Sum of two thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, two Shillings, and Sixpence, when and so soon as they shall have received the same, on the Trusts and for the Purposes following; (that is to say,) On Trust that they shall and do, as loon as conveniently may be, with the Consent and Approbation of the said George Vifcourtt Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, and Emm his Wife, or of the Survivor of them, while both or either of them the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, and Emm his Wife, shall be living, and at the Discretion of such Trustees, after the Death of both of them the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort and Emm his Wife, lay out and invest the said Sum of two thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, two Shillings, and Sixpence, in the Purchase of freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Fee-simple, of a good Estate of Inheritance in Fee-simple, to be settled to and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and Aibjeft unto, the same Powers, Provisoes, Restrictions, and Conditions, to which the Lands, for the Purchase whereof the said Sum of two thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, two Shillings, and Sixpence, is to be paid, were limited by the said Settlement dated the nrft Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, and made previous to the Marriage of the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort with the said Emm his Wife, or such and so many of them as shall be then in being, or capable of taking Effect; and also that in the mean Time, and until a convenient Purchase shall offer whereon to lay out such Money, they the said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, shall and do, from Time to Time, place out such Money in Government Securities, or, if required by the said George Viscount Alount Edgcumbe and Valletort and Emm his Wife, during both their Lives, on good real Security, at lmercft, in the Names of them the said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, and shall and do pay all the Interest or yearly Dividends which shall from Time to Time a life therefrom, unto the Person or Persons who would for the Time being be intitled to the Rents and Profits of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, if purchased.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That neither of them the said Trustees, of or concerning the said several and respective Sums of one thousand four hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and two thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, two Shillings, and Sixpence, or either of them, shall be answerable the one (or the other, or for the Acts, Receipts, or Default of the other, or for any Loss which may happen of or in the said respective Sums of Trust Money, or any Part thereof, or any Interest thereof, without their respective wilful Neglect or Default; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for them, and each and every of them, and their respective Executors or Administrators, to deduct and retain, and pay to each other, by or out of the said respective Trust Monies, or the Interest thereof, all Costs, Charges, Damages, and Ex-ptnees, which they may respectively bear, pay, sustain, or be put unto, for or by reason of the Trusts hereby reposed in them respectively, concerning such respective Trust Monies, or the Interest thereof, or otherwise relating thereto.

IX. And whereas by the said Decree or Determination of the said Comm ifiioners, with regard to the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Devon, it was and is de- creed, that the Sum of forty Pounds should be paid to the Dean and Canons of the King’s free Chapel of Saint George within the Castle of TVindJory as a Compensation for their Tithes arising from such Par- ticulars of the said Lands in the said County o f Devon y as are for such Purpose mentioned in such Decree, and which Particulars are situate in the Parish of Plymjlocky they undertaking to pay Interest for the same to John Harris, their Lessee of the whole Tithes of the said Parish of Piymjhcky for the Remainder of the Term of twenty-one Years, for which the same were leased to him, he, during such Time, paying the whole Rent reserved by, and performing all the Covenants contained in such Lease to him ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum which shall, by the Debentures to be made out as aforesaid, De payable to the said Dean and Canons, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as shall be by such Dean i and Canons, by Writing under their common Seal, authorked and impowered to receive the same, which. Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the salt 1 Dean and Canons, as soon as conveniently may be after they shall have received such Sum of Money, to lay out such Part thereof as shall be paid for principal Money, or any Part of such principal Money, either together or in Parcels, in the Purchase of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditam* nts> ,n Fee-simple, to be conveyed to, or to and for the Use of, the said Dean and Canons, and their rest >eftive Successors, forever, for and upon, and subject to, such Trusts, Limitations, and Purposes, as the if hhes, for or in respect: whereof such Money shall be paid as aforesaid, were vested in such Dean

>ns, immediately before the passing the said last recited Act 5 and to accept Conveyances of the s, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, and from Time to Time to njoy the same according to such Conveyances, without any Licence or Authority other than and s present Act; any Statute of Mortmain, or other Law, to the contrary notwithstanding; and 5 i*

Trustees IB* fwerable for their own Ne-|Udi only.

The 40l. decreed to be paid to tU D<-an and Canor of the Chapel or St. George in Wir.dlor Castle, ft. all be paid to their Appointee.

How the same shall be disposed if.

and Cant Messuage hold andt besides tbi

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 12., 163

in the mean Time, and until such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, to lay out such principal Money JJC interest in Tome of the Government Securities, and the Interest arfiing from such Securities shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been incitied to the Kents and Profits of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased ^nd settled as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That instead of the said Dean and Canons paying, to the said Jzbn Harris Interest for the said Sum of forty Pounds, the yearly Sum of two Pounds shall, from Lady-dapnext, be deducted and abated, during the Remainder of the said Term of twenty-one Years, out of the yearly Rent reserved by the said Lease of the ibid Tithes.

XI. And whereas it was and is, by the said several Decrees of the Commissioners, determined and do-

creed, that several Sums of Money, therein for such Purpose mentioned, and other than and besides the

three Sums of one thousand four hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, and Nine-pence Halfpenny, two thou

fandseven hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, two Shillings, and Sixpence, and forty Pounds, herein-bc- fore mentioned, as being the Value of several Particulars therein mentioned of the faiu Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, or of the Estates and Imerelts of particular Persons therein,

flaould, on account of the particular Estates or Intcreils of such Persons in such Messuages, Lands, Te- nements. Tithes, and Hereditaments, be paid to some proper Person or Persons on cercain Trulls, and for certain Purposes therein mentioned, or should be laid out in (ome Manner for the Benefit of certain Persons therein mentioned be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money to be by such Debentures as aforesaid made payable for or in respectc of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which is and are by the said Decrees, or either of them, decreed or determined to be paid to any Trustee or Trusttes, or to be in some Manner laid out, other than and besides the three Sums of one thousand four hundred and twenty eight Pounds, and Nine-pence Halfpenny, two thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, two S nil lings and Sixpence, and forty Pounds, herein-before mentioned, shall be paid, by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, into the Hands of the Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of his ADjdty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster for the Time being, for the Uses, intents, and Purposes, herein after mentioned; and such Deputy Remembrancer is hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to receive the same, and to give a sufficient and effectual Discharge for the fame; and the said Deputy Remembrancer shall, upon the Receipt of each of the several Sums so to be paid in for the Use and Benefit of each of the said Owners and Proprietors respectively, iign a Certificate to the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, under his Hand, purporting and signifying, that every such Sum was received by and paid to him iri pursuance of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Owner or Proprietor respectively, and who, in such Certificate, shall be named and described; and which Certificate shall be filed in the said Court of Exchequer, and a true Copy thereof, signed by the said Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer, shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Deputy Remembrancer for the Time being, upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money hereby directed and appointed to be paid to him, as aforesaid, Brail pay the same into the Bank of England*

*1. per Ann. so

be deduced out of John Harris’* Rent,

All the Sum of Money to be made payable by Debentures (except the Thcee Sums before-mentioned) Aull be paid to the Deputy Remembrancer of the Exchequer,

*ho shall /ign a Certificate to the Barons of the Exchequer on the Receipt of each Sum respectively.

Such Sums of Money to be paid by the De« puty Remembrancer into the Bank*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster of the Degree of the Coif, for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby amhorised and impowered, in a summary Way, upon Motion or by Petition for or on the Behalf of any Person or Persons interested in, or intitled to the Benefit of the Money to be paid to and received by the said Deputy Remembrancer, or the Interest or Produce thereof $ and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the same, as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions as they shall think just and reasonable for paying the said Money, and every or any Part or Parts thereof, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the Public Funds, or upon Government or real Securities, and for calling in, disposing of, and placing out the same again, in or upon such new or other Funds or Securities as aforesaid, and for Payment of the Dividends, Interest, or Produce thereof, to the several and respective Persons intitled to receive the same, or for laying out the said principal Sums, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as the former Estates were settled at the Time of making the said respective Decrees, or as near as the same can be done; or for and concerning the receiving, issuing, paying, applying, and disposing of the said Money, for the Benefit of the Person and Persons intitled to, or interested in, the same respectively, by virtue of, and according to the Tenor and Purport of the said recited Acts, and this present Act, and for appointing a proper Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes; and that such Money shall be from Time to Time paid, by the said Deputy Remembrancer, according to the Orders to be from Time to Time made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Vicar of the Parish of Antony, in the County of Cornwall, and the Re£lor of the Parish of Stake Damerely in the County of Devon, and the Vicar of the Parish of Makery in the said County of Devon, and their Successors, for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time for ever, have, receive, and be intitled to, the yearly Income of the Money in and by the said Decrees or Determinations respectively decreed or determined to be the Value of the Tithes, Lands, and Hereditaments, belonging to them respectively, and the yearly Income of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased with such Money respectively, in like Manner as they could or might have received, or been iiKitled unto the Tithes, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Satisfaction for which such respective Sums of Money are decreed or determined to be paid, without any Licence or Authority

Barons of the Exchequer impowered to make Orders for Payment of Money to Persons in-titlei to receive the same, &c»

The Vicar of

Antony, Rc&or of Stoke Da-rnerd, and Vicar of Maker, to have the yearly Income of the Money allotted to them*

164

Renfsl of an Article in the Verdictc of the Jurors in the County of Cvra-»all.

Recital of Ctause in the Verdin of the Juron in the County of Devon,

Taking the said valued ha nit for the V(c of hii M»H»y (halt not a!ir£t oO-er Lands in the f*me Parish with regard 10 Taxei.

tOjL with InterHi, shall be paid to the Deputy Remembrancer fer a Parcel of Land and a Boat* hoofe in the FofTefiion of Warwick Cal-shady.

Parens of the Exchequer to fnqwire who is intitled to the h d Land r*nd Boat housej

C. 12. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

other than and besides this present Act; any Statute of Mortmain, or other Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas in and by the said Decrees of the said Commissioners, with regard to the Mtffijages,

Lands', and Hereditaments, in the County of Cornwall, the said Commissioners certified, that in the aforesaid Verdict of the Lid Jurors, immediately after the Valuation of such Nit Hoaxes, Lands, and

Hereditaments, in that County (all which ire in the Parish of Antory'), there is an Article in the Words following; (that is to say,) And we declare, that in settling the Sunn above mentioned as the Value of the aforesaid Particulars of Land Jo to hr en.ployed for Publick Use, as aforesaid, we have con fiercely that as by such Lands becoming the P ojerty his Majesty, the same will, in future, be exempt frent the Land Tax, and all parochial Taxes, the respective Owners thirnf, in the rcjpcfilive / aluattons a!>ovc mentioned, being allowed a full Compensation for the said Taxes for the Lime to come, they, the said Owners respectively, and their J aid respective Estates, shall, in future, be changed with, and be liable to answ-rr and pay all such Taxes which might or could be charged and ajfssed on the said respective Pieces or Parcels of Ground above defer ibed, as if the Janie had remained the Property of the above-named Parties rcfjjefdively, and so as not only his Majesty, but a!so all the other Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the said Parish of Antony, may for ever be freed from and indemnified from and again fl the said Taxes: And whereas in and by the Decree of the said Commissioners, with regard to the said Messuages, Laud^, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Devon, the saul Commissioners certified, that in the Verdict of the said Jurors, after the Articles finding or declaring the Value of the several Parcels of Land, in the Parish of Alalur, to be taken for the Ute of the Publick, there was a Clause as follows; (that is to say,) And we declare, that in fat in* the aforesaid Sums as the Values of the aforesaid Particulars of Lands of the said ff count Mount Edgecumbe and Valletorr, and of the Vicar of the said Vicarage of Maker, we have conjnlered, that as by such Lands bee anting the Property of his Majesty, the same will, in future, be exempt from the Land Tax, and all parochial Taxes, the respective Owners thereof having, in the said respe'div* I aluatims, been allowed a full Compeifation for the said Taxes for the Time to come, they, the said Owners respectively, and their said respective Estates, shall, in future, be charged with, and be liable to answer and pay all such Taxes as might or cculd be charged or aljlffetl on the said rejpcfdive Pieces or Parcels of Gt wind, as if the same had remained the Property of the said Parties respectively, and so as not only his Majesty, but also all the other Owners and Occu- piers of Lands within the said Par ish of Maker, may for ever be freed from and indemnified against the said Taxes: Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after such Time as Posit-flion of the Lands, valued as aforesaid, and to which such several and respective Declarations, as aforesaid, of the said Jurors respectively relate, shall be taken for the Use of his Majesty* all the other Mdfu iges. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the same respective Parish, at the respective Times of faking the said Inquisitions belonging to the respective Owners of the Particulars so valued, and to which such respective Clausea relate, or the Persons who shall, for the Time being, be Owners or Occupiers of such other Me flu ages. Lands, and Hereditaments, shall, from Time to Time, and at all limes for ever, be fishjedt and liable to the Payment for or towards the Land Tax, and all parochial Rates and Aik firm nt$ whatsoever, after the same Rate as they would respectively have been subject or liable to pay if such Particulars of Lands belonging to such respective Owners, and so valued, and proposld to be taken for the Ure of the PuHuk, had remained or continued the Estateor Property of such Owners respectively; to the End that, by Reason or Means of the Particulars of Lands so valued having been taken for the Isle of the Publick, and thereby being exempt from the Payment of Land Tax, or any Parish Taxes or Assessments, no additional Burthen in reined of the Land Tax, or any Parish Tax, or Assessments whatsoever, fli ll or may, at any Time or Times hereafter, be laid on any Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, situate in the same Parish, and belonging to any other Person or Persons, or on any present or future Owners or Owner, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Messuages or MdTuage, Lands, or Hereditaments, in the same Parish, belonging to any other Person or Persons.

XVI. And whereas, in and by the said Decree of the Commissioners, relating to the said Messuages Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Devon, the said Commissioners certified, that Warwick Calmndy is seised of an undivided eighth Part of and in a Piece or Parcel of Land and its adjoining Cliff or Sea Bank, being Part of Mount Batten Field, and containing sixtern Acres, one Rood, eighteen Perches, and two thirds of a Perch, the Value of which undivided eight Part or ard in Inch Parcel of Land, and its adjoining Cliff or Sea Bank, including sixty Pounds for a Boat-house, the Jury found to be one hundred and ninety-five Pounds, it having been Hated to them the said Commissioners, that the said Warwick Cal- taady had been, for upwards of twenty Years, in Possession of such undivided eighth Part, but that it did not appear to them whether he was seised thereof in Fee, or for a Ids Effate and the said Commissioners therefore adjudged and decreed, that the said Sum of one hundred and ninety-five Pounds should be paid unto such Person or Persons as should appear to be intitled to the said undivided ei0hth Part of the said last mentioned Premises \ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Sum of one hundred and ninery-five Pounds, and the Interdt thereof, if any shall be payable thereon, shall and may be paid, by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, into the Hands of the said Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, who shall accordingly receive the Lme, and whose Receipt 111 all he a luificunt and effectual Discharge for the lame, as aforesaid; and the said Depiry Remembrancer shall certify his Receipt of such Money in Manner aforesaid, and such his Certificate shall be read as Evidence as a‘oicf«nd; and the said Deputy Remembrancer shall pay the same into the Bank of England in like Manner as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, of the Degree of the Coif, shall and may, and they are hereby required, in a summary Way, and without any Suit being instituted in that Court, to enquire and determine whether the said Warwick Cal-shady is, or whether any and what other Person or Persons is or are seised of, or intitled unto, such undivided

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 12. 165

eighth Part of and in the said Piece or Parcel of Land* and for what Estate or Interest; and whether the faici Warwick Calmady is, or who else is or ate inti tied to the said Boat-house; and for that Purpose the Barons of the Cud Court of Exchequer, of the Decree of the Coif, shall and lawfully may, and they are hereby required to order one or more Advertisement or Advertisements to be published in the London Gazettee, requiring all Persons claiming any Right or Interest to or in the said undivided eighth Part of the said Land, or to or in the said Boat-house, to come in before them, or the said Deputy Remembrancer, by some particular Time to be therein mentioned, and make out their Right thereto, or Interest therein; and also that the said Court of Exchequer shall and may order the Sum of sixty Pounds (being the Part of the said Sum of one hundred and ninety-five Pounds, which appears by the said Decree to have been determined to be the Value of the said B >at hoti 'e, exclusive of the said undivided eighth Part of the said Piece of Land) and a Proportion of the Interest thereof (if any Interest shall be payable thereon), to be paid to such Person as shall appear to be justly and rightfully Entitled to the said Boat house; and also, that if it shall appear to the said Court that thr said Warwick Calmady built the said Boat-house, and no other Person shall, within the Time to be I mited by such Advertisement as aforesaid, make out a Right or Title to fucU Boat-house, to the Satisfaction <-f the said Court, then and in such Case the said Court shall and may order the said Sum of Sixty Pounds (o be paid to the said Warwick Calmady, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, even although the said Warimck Calmady may not make out any other Right thereto than his having built the said Boat-honO, and been for some Time in Possession of an undivided eighth Part thereof.

XVIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Exchequer shall and may also order the Sum of one bundled and thirty-five Pounds (being the Remainder of the said Sum of one hundred and ninety*five Pounds, after Deduction thereout of the said Sum of sixty Pounds), and a Pioporrion of the interest c;f such Sum of one hundred and ninety-five Pounds (if any shall be payable thereon), to be paid to such Person or Persons as shall appear to be justly and rightfully intirled to the said undivided eigh'b Part of and in the said Piece or Parcel of Land in the Parish of Plyrvjlock, in case such Person or Persons ftull appear to be intirled thereto for an Eft3te in Fee-simple; and m case it shall appear that such Person or Persons is or aie intirled thereto for any limited Estate or Interest, then, and in such Case, the said Court shall and may mr.ke the like Orders or Order as they are before in and by this provided or directed torn for reinvesting in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, and in the mean Time placing out at Interest, the Sums of Money which, under and by virtue of this Act, will be payable for the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, which are so settled that the Parties have only a limited or 'particular Estate or Interest therein; and also, that if it shall appear to the said Court that the said Warwick Calmady hath been in Poffi ffion and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said undivided eighth Part of the said Land in the Parish of Plym/hck for the full Space of twenty Years, and no other Person shall, within the Time to be limited by such Advertisement as aforesaid, make out any Right or Title to such undivided eighth Part of and in the said Land, or any Part thereof, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, then, and in such Case, the said Court shall and may order the said Sum of one hundred and thirty five Pounds, and a Proportion of the Interest of the said Sum of one hundred and ninety-five Pounds*, if any Interest lh ill be payable thereon, to be paid unto the said Warwick Calmady, his Executors, Admi-jiistrators, or Assigns, even although the said Warwick Calmady may not make out any other Right thereto than his having been for so long Time in Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof.

XIX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of one hundred and ninety-five Pounds, and every Part thereof, and the Interest which, if any shall be payable in respect thereof, shall be from Time to Time paid, applied, and disposed of, according to such Order or Orders of the said Court of Exchequer.

XX. And be it further enacted and declared, That upon the Death or Removal of the present or any future D puty of the King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, all Mortgages, Stocks, and Securities, vested in him by virtue of this Act, shall vest in the succeeding Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer for the Time being, subject to the Trusts and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, without any Assignimnt or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the Bank in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Han is of the present or any future Deputy of the King's Remembrancer, at the Time of his Death or Removal, and not vested in the Funds, or placed out on Securities as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the iucccedi.ng Deputy Remembrancer for the Time being.

XXI. And be it further enacted and declared, That if on the Death or Removal of the present, or any future Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, the King’s Remembrancer shall execute the said Office in Person, then, and in such Case,'the several Trusts, Powers, and Authorities, in and by chi« present Adftvefltd in the said Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer, and his Successor9, shall, during such Time as no Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer drill be appointed, vest in, and be executed by, the said King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being.

in the

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who by Law are capable of receiving such Debenture as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to take the same, for the Space of one Month after such Notice given in the London Gazette, as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Ordnance for the Time being to deposit the lame with trie Clerk of the Peace of the County where the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, ther m mentioned, in respect whereof such Debentu»e or Debentures shall be made out, shall lie, arm to t ikr his Acquittance or Acquittances for the same, which such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required ro give, without any Fee or Reward, and which shall be taken and deemed to be valid; and such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, of such Person or Persons respectively so neglecting or refusing to take such Debenture or Debentures, shall from thenceforth be vested to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs

tid

and to order SoJ. to be paid to the Owner of the Boat-house.

Direction* for the Barons of the Exchequer rrUme to the E>tJpofa) of 13 5?. for the aforementioned Linds in the Parish of Ply®-flock*

Every Part of the Sum of 195l. to be at the Disposal of the Exchequer.

On the Death or Removal of the Deputy Remembrancer, Mortgages, &c. to veil in his Successor.

If the Remem*

brancer should execute the Office in Person, then the Power* by this Act vi£ in the Deputy, shall ve.l Heimniurancfr#

Method of Proceed r.jt in cast* Per,; ns capable of receiv* \nx De r'tr* lirej flu!l negiedf to trrkc the fanK, & c.

166

The Lease framed by Lord Edgcombe to Sir R chard Sutton confirmed.

Sir Richard Snt. ton indemnified with respect to Re nr, Arc. re-JjTvvd in the kid leafs.

Limitation of Actions.

General lilac*

Treble Costj.

[Preamble,

33 Geo. II,

Cap. 17, for the Encouragement of making Sail Cloth in Great Britain, further continued until Sept. 29, I78S, &c.

C. 13. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

and Successors, as if such Debentures, or the Money payable thereby, bad been received by the Parties intitled thereto, and the Money thereon due had been fully fausfied and paid; and such Clerk of the Peace shall and may afterwards deliver the same to the Party or Parties who shall appear to be inricled thereto, cn being fully paid all such reasonable Charges and Ljqxnces (if any) as he shall or may sustain or be put unto relating thereto.

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lease made and granted by the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Falletort, un:o the said Sir Richard Sutton, as herein-before is recited, and every Demifie, Grant, Covenant, Agreement, Clause, Ma ter, and Thing whatsoever therein contained, be, and the same is hereby ratified and confirmed, and made good ami valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be from Time to Time fully observed, performed, fulfilled, and kept, notwithstanding any Want of Rtghc or Power of or in the said George Vila unt ARurJ Lf-cumle and Falletort to make or execute the same, if any such Want of Right or Power there is or dud hereafter appear; and that the yearly IC*nt and Fines, in anil by such Leaks refeivtd or ffipuEted to be paid, shall, from Time to Time, be paid according to the Reservation and Stipulate 11 in and by such Lease; and that the said Sir Richard Sutton, his Executors, Administraters, and Alhgns, and the Lcfices, in the renewed Leufe or Leases to be hereafter made and granted, in pursuanre of the Covenant in the said recited Lease for Renewal thereof, from Time to Time, and his or their Executors, A ;:nn:illiarms, or Assigns respectively, shall be, from Time to Tirne, and at all Times, by the principal Ofific.rs of his AJa-jesty’s Ordnance for the Time being, well and sufficiently fav?.d ami dckndLci, and kept nam.b is and fn-demnified from and again!}, and in respect of, the Rent and Fines, and other Refer vations, Covenants, Clauses, and Agreements, reserved and contained by or in such Lease and Leaks, and all Lodes, Payments, Costs, Charges, or Expences relating thereto.

s XX(Vb And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the aforesaid recited Acts, or either of them, or any In ing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action and Suit shall be commenced within S:x Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Action or Suit shall have arisen, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in all such Actions and Suits may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance of the said ACD, or one of them, or in pursuance of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, then, and in either of such cases, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Yerditt shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or fuss'er a Discontinuance after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon any Demurrer, Judgment shall be giv^n for the Defendant or Defendants, in each of the Cases aforesaid the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written and printed in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in neutral Ships; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; and to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and benefi- cial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se* cond, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britainwhich was to continue in Force until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, affd from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by two Acts made in the eighth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo GeorGji III.

C. 13. 167

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the eighth So much of Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures

of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Encouragement Beaver Skins? Pepper? Mace? Cloves? and Nutmegs imported; and for Importation of oil Furs of the Pro- ©fSiikManu-dust of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only 5 and that the two Corporations of Assurances? on any faftoits, &c. Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Ccjls of Suit; as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufacture's of this Kingdom, and to the taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, which was to continue in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March? one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament $ and which, determined by several subsequent Acts made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Second, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-second Yeats of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the sixth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, hath been continued until the twenty fourth Day of June? one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall further eont?-be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June? one thousand seven hun- nued June

dred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. *4.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the sevenrh Year of 7 Geo. IJ, Cap. the Reign of his hte Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the J* Vrt^/of* Reign of his late Majesty King George the First? intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during cochineal°assd

the Time therein limited5 and also for the free Importation of Indico \ which was to continue in Force from indico, the twenty-fourth Day of June? one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, and of the seventh and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September? one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is further conti-hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- nuc.) until s<pt. eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 29> &c*

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the twelfth So much of

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Import- Gc°’ro-

ation of Books reprinted abroad? and first composed or written? and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing hbiing’the iml so much of an Act? made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Sjucen Arme, as impozvers the limit- portition«f ing the Prices of Books; which Act was to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September? one Books reprinted thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the abroad»

then next Session of Parliament; and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books J^ingrte io»-reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain? by several subsequent Acts, porration of made in the twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and Books reprinted' of the seventh and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the abroad, and first Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, writlc" ?nd and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby fur- Brfiitn/funher* ther continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September? one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, $nd continued until from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Se ptenr ber 29,

17S8, Sec.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of J9 Geo u# the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable Cap. 17, for fc-on foreign made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and curing the Du-for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged? at their first Jetting out to Sea, to be furnished with one tics upon To. complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth; which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day

of J une? one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the ai 01 C* End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by four subsequent Acts made in the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the sixth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June? one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth ok June? one thousand seven *’a,tljer conf*" hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 24^1788.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year of Geo. nr.

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn 3*><or and Grain? in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty? U'hich was to be aK^0ounty

in Force until the twenty-hfih Day of March? one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and which, by t°on of BHiifh an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was revived, and further con- Com in neutral tinued until the twenty-fifth Day of March? one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; shall be, and Ship?, further the same is hereby farther continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March? one thousand seven hundred and wnt ?ued umil-eighty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. *rch *5»

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year %0 Geo. III. of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions? Goods? Wares? Cap 46. fvr al-and Merchandize? from Great Britain, to certain Towns? Ports? or Places? in North America, which are or Jo*'i,e the E*-may be under the Protection of his Majestys Arms; and from such Towns? Ports? or Places, to Great Britain,

and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions ;*which was to be nv Force until the first Day of June? one thousand '* pj^cTin

seven hundred and righty-onej and which, by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Nonh America,

present

i68

further conti-nueJ until June I, 1785

20 Geo. III. Cap. 59 inr-po aen:ig his M jjc/ty to prohibit the fc*. por ati« n, Jcc of Copper in Bjrior Shteri, further continued until May i, 1783.

So much of 16 Geo. III. Cap. 37>

*s relates to il-

lowing the E*-p >r ation of Wheat, Arc. to his Majesty's Sujar Colonies in America, further continue.! until May 1, 1783.

[Preamble,

Act ifi Geo. iH. teciied.

Power of the Act have been carried into Execution, and Proprietors hive expended futlher Monies.

C. 14. ‘ Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

present Majesty, was further continued until the first Day of June, o ie thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the tiilt Day of June, one thousand i'even hundred and eighty-three.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to imp owe r his Majesty to prohibit the Expo* tation, and to refrain the carrying coaJhui/e9 of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets, /ora matted dime, wm. n was to continue in Force until the fir it Day ol AJay, one thousand seven hundred and t*»ghf y-ooc; and whion, determined by an Act made in the twenty-nrft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, wis <ui r.cr continued urnil the hilt Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; shall be, and the tame is hereby further continued until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an A made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his A Majesty's Sugar Colonies in Ameru a, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the ether Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England 'trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labra*. or; and for indemnifying all Persons with respeti to advifvig or carrying into Execution his Ahjrjiys Orders of Council already made for aliening the exportation of Wheat, and other Articles, as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugjr Colonies in America, wmch was to continue in Force until the fi:ft Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; and which, by several Acts made in the kventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty fir it Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first: Day of Aiay9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual, an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also two collateral Cuts therein mentioned.

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Stafford (hi re and Wore eitershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also two collateral Cuts, one ft cm a Place called The Kens, upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Worth flay Brook with the River Stour; and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the fir/} mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands, called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford;

certain Persons therein mentioned and described, and their several and respective Successors, Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, were incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietors cj' the Stourbridge Navigation5 and the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, were thereby authorised and impowered to make such navigable Canal and collateral Cuts as aforesaid; and to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in Manner in the said Act directed, the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds for carrying on the said Undertaking: And whereas the said Company have, in pursuanre of the said Act, completed the said Canal and collateral Cut9, and the same are now rendered navigable, and have expended the Whole of the said Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, which the said Company were enabled to raise by the said recited Act, in the Progrrls of the said Undertaking; and the Erne being fuund inefficient to cvmplete the said Navigation, the Committee of the said Company, in pursuance of a Rest Jin*ion or Older of the General Assembly of the said Company, made on the sixth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, have borrowed and taken up at Interest, for the Use of the said Company, the Sum of five thousand Pounds, and for which the ftiid Committee, in their indivi iual Capacity, have given their Bonds: And whereas the Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation did, by an Instrument in Writing under their Hands, bearing Date the fourth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- nine, mutually agree to raise amongst themselves the further Sum of three thousand l-YuncL, to answer the Purposes of the said Undertaking, and that the same should be repaid to the Person* advancing the same, with Interest, out of the Profits of the said Navigation, which said Sum of three tlvuifuid Pounds hath been accordingly raised and paid; and by a subsequent Agreement, bearing Date the fmtenth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the major Part of the Proprietors cid agree to advance and pay the further Sum of five Pounds per Centum on their respective Shafts in ti c laid Navigation,

for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, and that Application should be made to Parliament, to enable the ft id Company to raise the ft.i.l Money then agreed to be advanced, as well as the Monies advanced under the said Agreement of the fourth Day of January, one thousand fev^n bund ed and Itven y- nine,

as also the Monies borrowed on the Bonds of the saki Committee: And whereas, in pursuance of thela'd last mentioned Agreement, the further Sum of one thousand thice hundred and thirty Pounds hath b*?en advanced and paid by the major Part of the Proprietors of the Lid Navigation: And whereas the Whole of the said Monies so raised as aforesaid hath been applied in completing the said Navigation, and the

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 14. 169

said Company have likewise contra3ed a further Debt in carrying the Powers of the said Act into Exe- cution: "And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are dtftrous of railing a sufficient Sum of Money amongst: themselves, in order to pay off and discharge the said two several Sums of five thousand Pounds,

and one thousand three hundred and thirty Pounds, with the Interest due thereon respectively; as also the Debts due and owing from the said Company; and to make the said Sum of three thousand Pounds,

advanced and paid under the said Agreement of the fourth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, Part of the capital Stock of the said Company: And whereas it is found necessary that some Amendments should be made in the said Act :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it cna3.*d by the King’s most excellent Majesty, oy and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelenc Parliament assembled, and, by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Sue- Power to ra fe t ceifors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to raise and contribute amongst themselves, for the Pur- further Sum of poles aforesaid, such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceedmgin the Whole the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or AUigns, shall find expedient, and that the same shall be raised by Calls to be made by the said Company of Proprietors in General Assembly, or the Committee thereof for the Time being, upon the respective Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation, in such and the same Proportions, and under and subject to such Regulations, and in Default of Payment of any such Calls, the Person or Persons so making Default shall be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, and to such other Remedies for compelling Payment thereof, as are mentioned and provided in the said recited Act, with respect to theraifing of the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds thereby authorised to be raised.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum often thou- which Sum, 29 sand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be raised by virtue of the Powers of this Act, as also the said Sum weJI as

of three thousand Pounds already raised by voluntary Subscription amongst the said Proprietors as aforesaid,

shall be added to the said capital Sum of thirty thousand Pounds raised under the Powers of the said recited partof the C Act; and each and every Proprietor of Shares, who shall severally subscribe and pay in his, her, or their Company*Ct-proportional Share of the said Sum of ten thousand Pounds, shall stand and be possessed thereof, as also of piuJ. the Monies by him, her, or them subscribed and paid towards the said Sum of three thousand Pounds, and the same shall be transferred and difpnfed of in like Manner as his, her, or their Part or Share, Parts or Shares, of the said original Subscription of thirty thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the To enable E*t-Executors and Administrators of any deceased Proprietor or Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation, cu|ors'L?pf1‘t0 and also for the Executors and Administrators of any Propietor or Proprietors who may happen to die before 4nfv'er CaU,i Payment shall have been made of his, her, or their proportional Share of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and who shall not have otherwise provided for the Payment thereof, and also to and for any Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant, or other Person labouring under legal Disabilities, to advance and p iy all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be called for under and by virtue of the Powers c>f this Act, in respe3 of the Share or Shares belonging to such deceased Proprietor, or to such Infant or other Person labouring under any legal Disabilities; and all such Executors, Administrators, Trustees, and Guardians, shall be reimbursed out of the Estate and Effe3s belonging to such deceased Proprietor, or to such Minor, or other Person as aforesaid, for what he, she, or they shall advance and pay tinder and by virtue of the Powers of this Act; and if such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors shall not have left Assets to answer such Calls, or such Executors, Administrators, Trustees, or Guardians, shall refuse or negle3 to answer such Calls as shall be made in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, the said Company bf Proprietors shall be, and are hereby impowered and required to admit any of the present Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation, or any other Person or Persons, to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of the # —

Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors, or of such Infant or other Person labouring under Disabilities, and that such Admission, under the Common Seal of the said Company, shall be as good and effectual in the Law, as though an a3ual Transfer was made of such Share or Shares by the Party or Parties possessed thereof; and such Proprietor or Proprietors, so admitted, shall and may hold and enjoy the Share or Shares to which he, she, or they, shall be so admitted, absolutely freed ami discharged of all Claims and Demands of all and every Person and Persons claiming under such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and also against such Infant, or other Person la-' bouring under Disabilities as aforesaid i Provided, That the Person or Persons so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admission, p*y to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, of any such Infant, or other Person entitled to such "Share or Shares as aforesaid, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such deceased Proprietor in his or her Life-tim<\ or by such Infant, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, by virtue of ^ny.Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the same Share or Shares r an be sold for, under an Order of General Assembly of the said Company 'o be made for that Purpose of which intended Sde twenty-eight Days Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and in the Birmingham and Worcester Newspapers.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Proprietors, their Thefa’d mjcU

Successors and Assigns, shall, and they are hereby required, out of the first Monies to be raised by virtue of Z

this Act, to pav oft and discharge the aforesaid S im of 6ne thousand three hundred and thirty Pounds, to c 1 0

such of the Proprietors who have advanced and paid the same in pursuance of the said Agreement of the fifteenth Dav of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of five r ounds for oner hundred Pounds by the Year, from the Time of advancing the same by*

;such Proprietors respectively.

170

P'naJt'ee and Forfeitures how to be recovered.

Perform fg-grieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions,

fublick Act#

[Preamble.]

Kcrltal of i6 Geo. III. pP. j.}

17 Geo. III. Cap. 7»

19 Geo. III. Cap. 67 }

*0 Geo. III. Cap. a 3|i

eo. Ill,

Cap. 15.

C. 15. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

V. And whereas the Provisions of the said former Act, touching the Recovery of the Penalties and For- feitures imposed or to be imposed by or in pursuance thereof, are, in some Respects, defective ,* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Penalty or Forfeiture is or shall be imposed or inflicted by virtue of the said Act, or by virtue of any Rule, Bye-law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, made in pursuance thereof, and no Mode of Conviction of the Offenderor Offenders, and of the Recovery of such Penalties and Forfeitures, is specified or diiefted by the said Act, all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford or Worcester, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath any such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), be levied and recovered, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby impowered togram); and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deduct-cd, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Prison for the County of Stafford o\ Worcester, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time as such Justice or Justices stalldireft, not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think himself* heiself, or themselves aggrieved by any Conviction of any Justice or Justices in pursuance of this Act* every such Person shall and may appeal, against such Conviction or Convictions, to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County where the Cause shall arise, within the Space of four Calendar Months after such Conviction shall have been made; and the said Justices in their Quarter Sessions shall and may hear and determine the same in a summary Way, and mitigate any such Penalty or Forfeiture, or make such other Order therein, and award such Costs to either Party, as to such Court shall feenx just and reasonable.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Court* whatsoever as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, with respect to Prize and Bounty Money not claimed in due Time.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled*

An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset’s Bay* Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three Lower Counties on Dela- ware. Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively, for repealing an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the Landing and Discharging, Lading or Shipping, of Goodst^ Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massa*

chus {s Bay j and also two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for refraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorized by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations, in the cases, and for the Purposes therein mentioned; and also by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty,

intituled An Acffor enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to grant Commissions to the Commanders of private Ships and Fejfels, employed in Trade, or retained in his Majestys Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vessels, and their Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited Time; and also by another Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the morefpeedy and effectual manning his Majestys Navy \ and also by another Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more ffeedy and effectual manning his Majestys Navy and for making

mai ders, and other Officers and Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on board every Ship and Vessel of War, in his Majesty's Pay, shall have the folelntercft and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel*, Goods, and Merchandizes, which they have or shall seize and take, after the same shall have been finally adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere, to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty had then ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should think fit to order and direct by Proclamation or Proclamations thereafter to be issued for those Purposes; and it is by the said Acts, or some of them, among other Things, further enacted, That, after the several and respective Notifications by the said Acts required to be given, if any Man’s Shares of Prizes or Bounty Money shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as by the said Acts are directed, which shall not be legally demanded within three Years, then such Share or Shares of Prizes or Bounty Money

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 16 - 18.

so remaining in the Persons or Agents Hands shall go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital: And whereas it hath frequently happened that divers Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, have been prevented by Absence, or other unavoidable Accident, from claiming their Shares of Prize and Bounty Money within three Years after public Notifications have been given of the Time appointed for Payment thereof:* Now, for effectually relieving such Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Naval Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, his Executors or Administrators, {nail, at any Time within the Space of four Years next after his Share of Prize or Bounty Money has accrued and become due to the said Hospital, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, claim such his Share of Prize or Bounty Money, and produce sufficient Proof to the Board of Directors of the said Hospital of his Inability to claim the same within the Time limited by the said recited Acts, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Board of Directors, and they are hereby impowered, to order such Share to be refunded and paid to such Naval Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, his Executors or Administrators, provided such Share of Prize or Bounty Money shall have been paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his Deputy; or if not paid into the Hands of the Taid Treasurer, or his Deputy, at the Time such Claim shall be made, then such Claim shall be entered in a Book, to be kept by the Secretary to the said Hospital, and the same &all be refunded and paid to such Naval Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, his Executors or Administrators, as soon as such Share of Prize or Bounty Money shall be received by the said Treasurer, or his Deputy; and the Treasurer of the said Hospital shall be allowed such Payment on passing his Account Before the Auditor of the said Hospital.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

FOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels ;* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and \Vith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels, which shall be on their voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized Subjects, to as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed three fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Vessel; and that one fourth at Jeaftof the Mariners or Seamen so employed, be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War and the Seas, saved and excepted); one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation J, or any other Statute or Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effect <*f any such Royal Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supply ef Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War> and on Board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships, and Privateers.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to repair, enlarge and rebuild, Cobham, Leatherhead and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey.

[Preamble.]

The Bridges to be deemed County Bridges, and repaired as such. Allowing an Appeal against the Proportion of County Rates. The old Bridges vested in the Clerk of the Peace. Pro-€* prietors of Cobham Bridge to pay 400l. to the County Treasurer. Certain Pieces of Land in Leather» f4 head to be sold, for the Purposes of this Act. Power given to dig Earth and make Bricks."

171

Seamen, Sec.

intitJed to their Prize or Bounty Money, if they cUifn it within four Yean after it Ih»li become due to Greenwich Hospital; provided they prove thrlr Inability to chim the same within the Time limited by the redtei A

[Preamble.]

From the raffing

of this Act until Marc 1785. Merchant Ship?, Sec. m iy fu uj-vigated by rr«e fourths Foreign Seamen.

This Act not so reOrain any

Rr.\ ?nv tarnation to be ma ‘e pursuant to j. a cl I£

Geo. II.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, as every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Prom'jlr.

Majesty King George the Second, a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Act 33 Geo. n.

J7.2

And farther continued fur 11 Years.

PuLlkic Art.

[Preamble.]

Recital of il Geo. III. Cap. 5*.

/a additional Bounty of so a. per Ton for all

British Ships Which shall proceed from th Kingdom on the Greenland Fishery, for fire Year*. Vessels, not provided with their fuli Complement of Men, may proceed to Lerwick* in Shet-Imd, and complete the Number there j

presided not mere than two Men are wanted for every 50 Tons Burthen: And the Mailer or Owner*, on producing a proper Certificate*

C. 19. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Sterling, was laid upon every Scots Pint of Ale* Porter, or Beer* brewed for Sale* or vended* within the c Town and Parish of Dalkeith, for repairing the Streets of the said Town, and for procuring and convey- ing to proper Places within the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a sufficient Supply of fresh and whole- some Water; which Duty was to commence and have Continuance from and after the twenty*fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Trustees appointed for putting the said AcS in Execution have caused the said Duty to be regularly collected and applied for the aforesaid Purposes, which they have not been able to complete nor can the same be fully accomplished unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued :* May it therefore plcufe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall continue in full Force* and be executed from the Expiration of the Term thereby granted* for and during the further Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever,*, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for granting an additional Bounty on Ships employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery for a limited Time.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for the better Support and Establishment of //y Greenland and It hale Fishery, it was, amongst other Things enacted, That certain Bounties should be allowed for every 1 British Ship or Vessel that should proceed on the said Fiftiery from this Kingdom* under the Restrictions and Regulations in the said Act mentioned, for certain Times therein limited; that is to say. For every such Ship as should proceed on the said Fishery, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, to the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the Sum of forty Shillings per Ton; and for every such Ship as should proceed on the said Fishery, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six* to the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the Sum of thirty Shillings per Ton 5 and for every such Ship as shall proceed on the said Fishery, from the twenty-filth Day of December* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, to the twenty-fifth Day of December* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the Sum of twenty Shillings per Ton: And whereas it has been found by Experience, that since the Reduction of the first-mentioned Bounty of forty Shillings per Ton, the Number of Vessels employed in the said Fishery hath been much diminished, and there is Reason ro ap*

prehend that, unless the present Bounty is enlarged, the Benefit arising from the said Fiftiery to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom my be loft For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-firth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, to the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six* an additional Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton shall be granted and paid for every British Ship or Vessel that shall proceed on the said Fiftiery from this Kingdom, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Redactions, in all Respe&s, as the present Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton is directed to be paid and allowed by the herein-before recited Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force.

II. And whereas, by the said recited Act, amongst several other particular Regulations and Restrictions therein mentioned, it is enacted, That every Ship of the Burthen of two hundred Tons, designed for the said Fiftiery, shall, and is thereby obliged to have on Board twenty-eight Men btfides the Matter and Surgeon; and every Ship of larger Burthen, an Increase of fix Men for every fifty Tons: And whereas, during the present Hostilities, it may be difficult in some Cases for the Matters or Owners of such Ships to be provided with their full Complement of Men, at the Port from whence such Ships are fitted and cleared out for the said Fiftiery :’ for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- two, and during the Continuance of the present Hostilities with France, Spain, and the United Provinces, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel, which is not provided with the full Complement of Men purfinnt to the Directions of the said recited Act, at the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be fitted and cleared out, to proceed from thence to Lerwick, in the Isle of Shetland, and complete the Number of Men there, provided the Number wanted doth not exceed two common Men for every fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, but not otherwise; and upon Return of such Ship or Vessel from the said Fiftiery, such Men may be landed and set on Shore at Lerwick aforesaid; and upon the Master or Owner* of such Ship or Vessel producing, to the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port of his Arrival in Great Britain, a Certificate, under the Hand of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at Lerwick aforesaid (which Certificate they are hereby enjoined and required to give to the Matter of such Ship or Vessel), certifying the Number and the Names of the Men that were on Board such Ship or Vessel at the Time of her Arrival at Lerwick^ together with the Number and Names of the Men so taken on Board

A.D. 17,824 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 20 - 21. 173

such Ship or Vessel at Lerwick, and the Number and Names of the Men that were landed and set on Shore to Offi-there, upon the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the Fishery; and the Mailer and Mate of such Ship or Port

Vessel miking Oath, before the Collector and Comptroller at the Port of their Arrival in Great Britain, 0 ,ri? that the Men, so taken on Board as aforesaid at Lerwick, proceeded from thence on the said Fishery, and continued on Board during the Time such Ship or Vessel was employed in that, Business; the Mailer or> be ‘nritled Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall be intitled to the Bounty granted by this Act, in the same Manner as *°a*lc5d b°yu they would have been intitled thereto, in case the full Complement of Men had been taken on Board at Act% the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel was fitted and cleared out, and had returned on Board such Ship or Vessel to such Port in Great Britain, provided all the other Regulations and Restrictions, required and directed by the said recited Act, have been duly complied with and performed; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An Act to revive and further continue an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog's Lard and Grease.

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned, which hath, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, is expired, and is fit to be revived and continued may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Ilfs Ldrd, and Grease, which was to be in Force for three Years from the twenty* fifth Dav of Marche one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the tenth, thirteenth, sixteenth, and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived; and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 7 Geo. III. Cap. 12.

The recited Act revived a?.d fur—^ ther continued until March 25, 1785.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to extend so much of two Acts of the twentieth and twenty-first Years of his present Majesty's Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods, to Tea, and all other Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter, which have been, or shall, during the present Hostilities, be brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of foreign Snuff into this Kingdom; and for preventing the Importation and running of foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, and other prohibited Goods, into this Kingdom, in Vessels fitted out and armed as Privateers.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament*, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisons of two Acts made in the eighteenth Year of Recital' of his present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this 20 Geo. III.

Kingdom, to Spaniftl Prize Goods', and for repealing so much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to the Cap.

1 Certificates for Prize Tea and Fill India Goods exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; for the Removal of East India Goods condemned as Prize at any Out-port to London for Sale, and of Prize Goods for Exportation; and for reducing the Duty on foreign Prize Tobacco; it is, amongst other Things, era‘ted. That all Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the East Indies, taken as Prize, during the present Hostilities with France ox Spain, and carried into any Out-port of this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize, shall be brought to London, under the Restrictions and Securities in the said Act mentioned, and be publicly exposed to Sale in the City of London; and that the Duties due and payable for such Goods shall be thereupon computed and charged, by the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively concerned therein, by the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, in all Respects (excepting any Allowance for Warehouse Rent), as the Duties payable upon the like Goods imported by, and loid at the Sales of, the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, are computed and charged, and the Duties due by Law thereon shall be accordingly paid and applied: And whereas, by another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of three *ndn Geo. III. 4 Acts made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth Years of his present Majesty's Rc'vjn, with respect to ClP* 5«

bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces;

for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London; for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned abroad to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Ad-< vantages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves; and for reducing the Duties on foreign Prize Tobacco \

174*

The recited Acts, so far as they relate to Fait India Goods, extended to Tea, &c. which has been, or shall be, during the pr;sent H ftilities, brought into tbit

Recital of li Geo. I, Cap. *6,

After May i, I7$i, French Snuff to pay the same Duties on Importation as o»her Foreign Snuff.

Regulations relative to the Importation of Fo-xtign Snuff,

24 Geo. II. Cap. 41.

Piiviteers which shall be found at Sea having on Board Foreign Spirits in any Vessel left than 60 Gallons (except for the Use of the Stamen on Board), or Tea, Sec. above a certain Quantity, shall be forfeited, with all their Guns, Loading, *c.

C. 21. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

it is amongst other Things enacted, That all such East India Goods as shall be brought into, and condemned as Prize in the Port of London, shall be publicly exposed to Sale in the City of Londorty and the Duties due and payable thereon shall be computed and paid by the same Rules, Regulations, and Rest no* tions, in all Respects, as are prescribed by the herein-before recited Act of the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the like Goods carried into any Out-port in this Kingdom, and there condemned, and afterwards brought to the Port of London for Sale: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the herein-before recited Acts do extend to Tea, and all other Goods which are usually imported inro this Kingdom by the East India Company:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and the several Rules and Restrictions therein prescribed, so far as they relate to any Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the East Indies, condemned as Prize in this Kingdom, shall in like Manner extend, and be construed to extend, to Tea, and all other Goods or Commodities whatsoever of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of China, or any other Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East dndissy which have been, or shall, during the present Hostilities, be brought imo any Port of this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize, as fully and eiFeilually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Tea, and other Goods, had been particularly and expressly enumerated in the said Acts*

Kingdom, tni condemned at Prize.

II. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fit ft, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty laid upon Snuffy by an Act made in the eighth Tear of her late Majesty's Reign, and for ascertaining the Rates according to which the remaining Duties are to be paid; and for giving further Encouragement to the Greenland Fiji cry; it is, amongst other Things en- ailed, That in lieu of the former Rates and Duties ad valorem, which were repealed by that Ail, all Snuff imported into any Port or Place within this Kingdom (hal), upon the Importation thereof, be rated to and pay the several Duties due and payable thereon, according to the Rates and Values therein men- honed, and not according to the Values sworn to or affirmed by the Importers; that is to say, All Snuff imported in British Ships, from any of the British Plantations in America, or from any Part of the Spanish West Indies, shall be rated at two Shillings and Sixpence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois5 and all Snuff imported from Italy, Spain, Portugal, and all other foreign Parts, except Franciy shall be rated at five Shillings for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Quantity: And whereas the fraudulent Importers of Snuff, to avoid Payment of the Duties according to the said Rate, have imported into this Kingdom great Quantities of Snuff the Manufacture of Flanders, and entered the same as French Snuff, upon Oath, at a very low inconsiderable Value, to the great Prejudice of the* public Revenue, and Injury to the fair Trader:* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, all Snuff of the Produce or Manufacture of Francey which shall be imported into this Kingdom, shall be liable to, and shall pay the same Duties, and no more, as are or may be due for Snuff imported from Italy, Spain, or Portugal, according to the said Rate of five Shillings for every Pound Weight thereof, and not according to the Oath or Affirmation of the Importer; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And, for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in the clandestine Importation of foreign Snuff into this Kingdom, to the Diminution of the public Revenue, and the Discouragement of the fair Trader;* it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no foreign Snuff shall be brought or imported into Great Britahy from any Port or Place whatsoever beyond the Seas, otherwise than loose in Casks, Chests, or Cases only, each Cask, Chest, or Case whereof shall contain three hundred and fifty Pounds Weight of nett Snuff, at the Least, and shall not be packed in Bags, or in any other Packages, in such Cask, Chest, or Case, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Snuff as shall be imported contrary to this Act, together with all the Casks, Chests, cases, or other Package, containing the fame; and such Snuff shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and sued for, prosecuted, and disposed of, in the same Manner, and the Officer or Officers so seizing the same shall be intitled to and allowed the same Reward, as is prescribed and directed for other forfeited Snuff by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco.

lv. And whereas the clandestine Importation and Running of Spirits, Tea, and other prohibited Goods, into this Kingdom, has, since the present Hostilities, been carried on to a great Degree in large Vessels, fitted out and armed as Privateers: And whereas, by Means of this illicit Commerce, so preju- dicial to the public Revenue, and the fair Trader, the Powers with whom Great Britain is now at War may, and it is apprehended do, often receive Intelligence very detrimental to this Kingdom :* For the better preventing whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, if any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, which shall be commissioned by Letters of Marque, or general Reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Hi^h Admiral of Great Britain, shall be found at Sea in any Part of this Kingdom, at any Distance from the Coafh thereof, having on Board any foreign Brandy, or other foreign Spirituous Liquors, in any Vessels or C. fks which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the lead, except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on Board such Ship or Vessel,<not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman, or any Tea, not exceeding the Quantity of six Pounds Weight, or any other Goods whatsoever which are pr may be liable to Forfeiture, by any Act of Parliament, upon being imported into 8 t Great

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 175

Great Britain, then not only all such Goods, butalfothe Ship or Vessel on Board which they shall be so md as aforesaid, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited and lost, and the same shall and may be carried and delivered into the Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs, at any Port in this Kingdom which shall be nearest to the Place where such Ship or Vessel shall be found, and the same shall be seized, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, by such Ways and Rules, and in such Manner and Form, as such Vessels and Goods would be liable to be seized, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, by any Law in Force, if the same had been found within the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom; and the Letters of-Marque, or General Reprizal, or any other Commission granted for such Ship or Vessel, shall be null and void; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for better securing the Duties payable, by virtue of an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, on the Importation of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made, in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen Importers of Coals into. Annr> Cap. 7,

the Port and Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whereby all Persons, not free of the fccited,

Corporation of Great Yarmouth, are authorised, upon Payment of certain Duties or Sums of Money, therein particularly mentioned, to the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the said 1 Borough of Great Yarmouth, to import Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the said Port, and to sell the same,

in like Manner as Bugefies or Freemen of the said Corporation are authorised to do: And whereas it frequently happens that Coals, Culm, and Cinders, are imported into the said Port in Ships or Vessels

which belong, in separate Shares, as well to Burgesses or Freemen as to Persons who are not free of the said Corporation, and that the Loading in such Ships or Vessels is the separate Property of such Persons;

and, in order to evade Payment of the Duties or Sums of Money which ought to be paid, by Persons who are not free of the said Corporation, for such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, false Lifts or Accounts of such Ships or Vessels, and of the Loading thereof, are frequently made our and delivered to the Water

Bailiff, or Receiver of the said Duties, by Ship Masters and others, by Means of which fraudulent Prac- trees the said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, are deprived of great Part of the Duties

or Sums of Money which they are intitled to receive by virtue of the said Act In order therefore to prevent such fraudulent Practices for the future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, whenever After June t,

any Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall be imported into the said Port, the Mailer of the Ship or Vessel in Im-

which the same shall be imported Dial), previous to the Time of the clearing of such Ship or Vessel at the the

Custom-house at Great Tarmouth aforesaid, deliver to the Water Bailiff of the said Borough, at the Office port of Great called The Water Bailiff*s Office in Great Yarmouth aforesaid, a true and perfect Account, in Writing (to Yarmouth fluli thebeft of his Knowledge and belief), signed by him, of the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of deliver to the such Ship or Vessel, and of the Parts and Shares such Owners respectively have therein, in case there shall Water Bjiliflt a be more Owners than one; and such Shipmaster shall also, at the Time he delivers in such Account, of The N»me"of verify the Truth thereof, upon Oath, before the said Water Bailiff, who is hereby authorised and im- the Owner*,e&c. powered to administer such Oath.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall be imported into the Any Freeman of said Port of Great Yarmouth, by or on the Account of any Person being a Burgess or Freeman of the said *he Corporation Corporation, such Person shall appear at the said Office at or before the Time of giving in the Account

before-mentioned by the Master of the Ship or Vessel in which such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall be im- toc’thea Water* ported, and shall deliver to the said Water Bailiff an Account, in Writing, signed by him, specifying the Bailiff, at hi*

Part or Share (if any) of such Ship or Vessel to which he is intitled, and also of the Coals, Culm, or Cin- Otfue, an Ac-ders, imported therein on his own Account, and not in Trust for any other Person or Persons not being Counr* on Oarh, free of the said Corporation, or otherwise fraudulently, colourably, or coll jflvely, with Intent to evade the then^f ^‘nllly Payment of the said Duties or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof; and shall verify the Truth of such rcv Account, upon Oath, before the said Water Bailiff, who is hereby authorised and impowered to administer the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master of any such Ship or Vessel, as aforesaid, or On Default the the Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, or of any Part thereof, or the Person importing any such Coals, fame Duties shall Culm, or Cinders, on his own Account, shall neglect orrefufe to give in such Account, as aforesaid, or to bc Paid f»r verify the Truth thereof upon Oath, according to the Directions of this Act, that then all the Coals, p^plny of * Culm, and Cinders, in re fpcCi whereof, or of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, any Non-freemen, such Neglect or Refusal shall happen, shall be deemed to be imported by Persons not being free of the said

"Corporation, and the like Duties or Sums of Money shall be paid for the same by the Master of such Ship or Vessel, as are by the said former Act made payable for or in respect of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, im-

fiorted by Persons not free of the said Corporation; and such Duties or Sums of Money, shall and may be eyied and recovered by such Ways and Means, and in like Manner, as any of the Duties imposed by the said Act can or may be levied and recovered.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Burgess or In certain Case* Freeman of the said Corporation* being the Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, as aforesaid, or of any Part the Dutie* p*idt

r byFl'cmculhni

176

be it turned, tl* though they neglect to deliver in such Account at before directed.

Personi (wearing fail’dy, to be deemed guilty of Perjury.

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble.]

Ad 3 Geo. I, recited.

’ Deedr and Will* of Pjpifts, &c. made hnce Srpr. 2 9» I7t7, to be good in Law, if inrolled before t. 1, 1782.

C. 23 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

thereof, or the Importer of any such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, on his own Account, shall not give in such Account as aforesaid, within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, and shall at any Time afterwards deliver such Account to the said Water Bailiff, and verify the Truth thereof upon Oath, as hereinbefore directed} or in case any such Burgess or Freeman, by reason of his residing at a Distance from the said Borough, or of Infirmity, or otherwise, cannot conveniently atten 1 at the said Office to verify the Truth of the said Account, as aforesaid, and shall verify the same by Affidavit, to be made and subscribed by him before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein he shall rtftde, and shall transmit such Account and Affidavit to the said Water Bailiff; that then, and in either of the said cases, the said Water Bailiff shall, and is hereby required forthwith to return and pay hack to such Burgess or Freeman, or to such Person as he shall, by Wriling under his Hand, appo’nt to receive the same, the whole Amount of the Duties and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by the Snipmatter to the said Water Bailiff for or in respect of the Right or Interest of such Burgess or Freeman in any such Ship or Vessel, or of the Coals, Culm, or Cinders, imported on his own Account, as aforesaid;. provided an Account of the Ship or Vessel in which such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall be imported, shall have been given in by the Ship-master, and verified on Oath, as herein-before directed j any Thing in this A<Sl contained to the contray hereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, who shall deliver to the said Water Bailiff such Account as herein-before directed, shall knowingly and wilfully deliver in a false Account, and shall make Oath to the Truth thereof before the said Water Bailiff’, or any Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, and shall be convicted of such O ire nee, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VI. And be it further enacted oy the Authority aforesaid, Tl.it this Act fhaM be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same,

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act passed in the iajl Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates \ and for enlarging the Time for such reqiflering; and for feewing Purchases rj:adc by Pr etc//ants it was envied, c That, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September* in the Year of our Turd one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, no Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or any Inter, ft therein, or Kent or Profit thereout, should pals, alter, or change, from any Papist, or Person profciling the Popish Religion, by any Deed or Will, except such Deed, within six Months after the Date, and inch Wi.l, within six Months after the Death of the Testatir, should be enrolled in one of the King’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or else within the same County or Counties wherein the Manors. Lands, and Tenements lie, in such Manner as therein, for that Purpose, is particularly directed: And whereas by several Acts of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, and in the tnird, sixth, ninth, eleventh,

twelfth, fixreenth, nineteenth, twenty-first, twenty-eighth, thirty-first, and thirty-third of his late Majesty King George the Second; and the second, fourth, seventh, twelfth, fourteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, it was enacted, That every Deed and Will, made since the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or any Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, to any Protestant or Pro cft ints, or by reason of which Deed or Will any Protestant or Protestants may claim or derive any legal, eqiftaole,

or other Interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their Life, for his, her, or their Benefit, '*r to the Useor Benefit of any other Protestant or Protestants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due Time, shall be as good and effeiftual in Law as the same would have bee n in case the said Deeds and Wills had been inrolled within the Times limited by the said Clauses in the said Act, for the Inrollment thereof; provided the said Deeds and Wills should be inrolled on or before the respective Times in the said several Acts for that Purpose mentioned, in such Manner as by the said Clause in the frft mentioned Act is directed: And whereas several Persons having or claiming, or being intitled to Jtftates or Interests in Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, under Deeds and Wills made hv Papists, or Persons profifting the Popifll Religion, maybe in Danger of being defeated or impeached, in his, her, or their Claim or Claims, Title or Titles, to such Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, determined by reason that some Deeds or Wills necessary to make out the Title have m*t been duly inrolled, according the Directions of the said Act:* Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Deed and Will, nude since the twenty-nin1 H Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and Seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any M inors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or ary Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist, or Person profiling the Popish Religion, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due ime, shall be as good and effectual in the Law as the same would have been in case the said Deeds and Wills had been inrolled within the Times limited, by the said Clauses in the said AfC, for the Inrollment thereof} provided the same Deeds and Wills shall be inrolled on or before the first Day of September) one thousand

7

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 24, 25. 177

This Act not to extend to Deeds, &c, the Validity whereof has been brought in question before Jjn. f, 17S2. Purchases made by Protestant» not to be avoided, on Account of the Title-deeds not having been inrolled,

arc.

seven hundred and eighty-two, in such Manner as by the said Clause in the said fuft-mentioned Act is directed.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make good any such Deed, Will, or Lease, already made and not inrolled, of the Want of Inrollment whereof Advantage shall have been taken on or before the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; but every such Deed, Will, or Lease, shall remain of such Force and Effect only, as the same would have had if this Act had never been made, and of none other Force and Effect.

III. And whereas many Purchases made by Protestants may be in Danger of being impeached or called in question, in regard that some Deeds or Wills, through which the Title thereto is derived, ought to have been inrolled according to the said Acts, but have not been so inrolled;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Purchase made for full and valuable Consideration of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Interest therein, by any Protestam or Protestants, and merely and only for the Benefit of the Protestants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or by reason that any Deed or Will, through which the Title thereto is derived, hath not been inrolled as required by the said Acts, so as no Advantage was taken of Inrollment thereof before such Purchase was made, and so as no Decree or Judgement hath been obtained for Want of the Inrollment of such Deeds or Wills.

---

[This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Presentation to any Benefice, &c. in Trust for any Papist.]

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make good any Grant, Lease, or Mortgage, of the Advowson or Right of Presentation, Collation, Nomination, or Donation, of and to any Benefice, Prebend, or Ecclesiastical Living, School, Hospital, or Donative, or any Avoidance thereof, made by any Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, in Trust, directly or indirectly, mediately or immediately, by or for any such Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, whether such Trust hath been declared by Writing or not.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to prohibit the ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from his Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on Board such Ships or Vessels.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is a common Practice, when Ships or Vessels are captured by the King’s Enemies, or by other Persons committing Acts of Hostilities, for Persons to agree with the Captors for Ransom of the same; and for securing the stipulated Ransom, not only to give Hostages, but also to bind themselves, or the Owners, for the Payment thereof: And whereas the Practice of ransoming is found, by Experience, to be liable to great Abuses, and there is Reason to apprehend that, upon the Whole, it operates more to the Disadvantage than for the Benefit of his Majesty's Subjects:’ May it it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[After June 1, 1782, Vessels, &c. captured by the Enemy not to be ransomed.]

That, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects to ransom, or to enter into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects, or any Merchandize or Goods on Board the same, which shall be captured by the Subjects of any State at War with his Majesty, or by any Persons committing Hostilities against his Majesty's Subjects.

[All Contracts made, and Securities given, contrary to this Act, to be void.]

II. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts and Agreements which shall be entered into, and all Bills, Notes, and other Securities, which shall be given by any Person or Persons for Ransom of any such Ship or Vessel, or of any Merchandize or Goods on Board the same, contrary to this Act, shall be absolutely void in Law, and of no Effect whatsoever.

[Penalty on Persons ransoming, or contracting to ransom, any Ship &c. contrary to this Act.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, ransom, or enter into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming, any such Ship or Vessel, or any Merchandize or Goods on Board the same, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action no Essoin, Protection, Imparlance, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

[Limitation of this Act.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Contract or Agreement which shall be entered into, or any Bill, Note, or other Security, which shall be given, by any Master of a captured Ship or Vessel, or by any other Person or Persons on Board or belonging to the same, for Ransom thereof, or of any Merchandize or Goods on Board such Ship or Vessel; or to inflict any Penalty upon any Master of any captured Ship or Vessel, or any other Person or Persons on Board or belonging to the same, for ransoming, or entering into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming, such Ship or Vessel, or any Merchandizes or Goods on Board the same, until after the Expiration of two Months from the passing of this Act, for any Ship or Vessel sailing from any Foreign European Port; or until after the Expiration of four Months from the passing of this Act, for any Ship or Vessel sailing from any Foreign Port out of Europe.

178 A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 26, 27.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for providing Quarters for certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in his Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in his Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Island of Minorca, are expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, and it is necessary Quarters should be provided for such Troops during their Stay in Great Britain; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in the Defence of Minorca, to be quartered here as British Troops.]

That the said Foreign Troops shall and may, during their Continuance here, be quartered, and be received and provided for in Quarters, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the British Troops now are; and that the billetting, quartering, receiving, and providing for, such Foreign Troops, in the Manner aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to have been, and to be legal, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[Continuance of this Act.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue fn Force for six Months from the Time of the Arrival of such Troops, and thence till twenty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII.

---

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City of Rochester, and the Parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, Higham, Cliffe, Cooling, High Halstow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham, Wouldham, Halling, Cuxstone, Chatham and Gillingham, and the Ville of Sheerness, in the County of Kent.

[Preamble.]

commissioners.

Style of the Court#

New Commissioners to be appointed in th-lloom 'f those who shall die Ac*

the City of Rochester, and the Parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, CUffe, Coding) High Hallow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham, Wouldham, Hailing, Cuxjhne,

WHEREAS Higham,

Chatham, and Gillingham, and the ville of Sheerness, in the County of Kent, are very populous; and several Branches of Trade are carried on within the Limits thereof, in which a great Number of Persons are employed, many of whom contract Small Debts; and although they are well able to pay the same, they frequently refuse so to do; presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under, from the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, in suing for and recovering such Debts in the Courts of Law: And whereas it would tend to promote Industry, and to support useful Credit, within the said City, Parishes, and Ville, if an easy and speedy Method was established for the Recovery of Small Debts contracted within the Limits thereof May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Assistants of the said City for the Time being; and also the several Persons herein after named; (that is to say,) the Reverend Charles Allen, Aaron 1Jaddup, WIG Ham Meredith, Robert Daniel, and Curtis Payne, being Inhabitants, Householders, and resident within the Parish of Saint Nicholas in the said City; and Richard Boghurst, John Matthews, Samuel Durham, John Gardner, and Francis Smith Patten, being Inhabitants, Householders, and resident within the Parish of Saint Margaret in the said City; and John Boghurst, John Alexander, Robert Alexander, Thomas Whijpn, and John Mac Cowan, being Inhabitants, Householders, and resident within the said Parish of Strocd; and the Reverend Robert Fountaine, George Gunning, Philip Boghurst the younger, and John Curling, being Inhabitants, Householders, and resident within the said Parish of Frindsbury; and William Story Esquire, William Jones, John Cazencuve, George Kirby, William Witberidge, William Newell, John Crcwcher, Charles Townfon, Thomas Waring, John Irwin the elder, William Cooper, and John Nicholson, being Inhabitants, Householders, and resident within the said Parish of Chatham; and William Darin, John Pix, Slew Saunders, John SummerJet, Richard Edgcumbe, Joseph Drawbridge, Francis Robert Smith, and William Tap ley, being Inhabitants, Householders, and resident within the said Parish of Gillingham; and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners to hear and finally determine all causes for the Recovery of all Debts, contracted within the said City of Rochester, and the several Parishes, and the Ville before-mentioned, above the Sum of two Shillings, and under the Sum of forty Shillings: And the said Commissioners shall be, and are hereby constituted a Court of Justue, by the Name and Style of,*Tht Court of Requejh in the City of Rochester: And if any Person herein-before appointed a Commissioner (except the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Assistants of the said City), or any Person, who shall hereafter be chosen and appointed a Commissioner, in pursuance of this Act, shall die, or be chosen one of the Assistants of the said City of Rochester, or shall cease to be a Householder, or remove out of the Parish wherein he resided at the Time of his being appointed or chosen a Commissioner as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to act as a Commissioner for the Space of one whole Year; that then, and in every such Case, the Inhabitants of the Parish for which such Commissioner was first appointed, assembled at the Vestry to be holden for such Parish, in the Easter Week then next following, for the Purpose of appointing Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, shall chufeand appoint another fitand proper Person, being an Inhabitant, Householder, and resident within the same Parish, to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner dying, being chosen one of the Assistants of the said City of Rochester, ceasing to be a Householder, or removing out of the Parish, or refuting or neglecting to act as aforesaid; And every such

i79

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo lccundo Georgii III. c. 27.

Appointment shall, by Writing, under the Hands of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, present at the Time of chusing and appointing such Commissioner, be certified to the said Commissioners at their then next Court to be Holden in pursuance of this Act:

'But in case no such Election shall be made, or no such Certificate thereof shall be produced to the said Commissioners as aforesaid; that then the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to appoint another fit and proper Person, being an Inhabitant, Householder, and jelVJent -within the Parish, in which the Person whom he shall succeed shall, at the Time of his Appointment, have resided: And every Person who shall be appointed a Commissioner by the Vestry as aforesaid, and whole Appointment shall be certified by the said Churchwardens and Overseers as aforesaid; and also every Person who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, shall have the same Power and Authority in all Respects, to act in the Execution of this Act, a? if he had been originally named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person (except the Mayor, Recorder, Alder- Qualification of men, and Assistants, of the said City) shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless at Commissionerit the Time of his acting he shall be an Inhabitant, Householder, and resident within the said City, or the several Parishes of Saint Nicholas, Saint Margaret, Strood, Frindsbury, Chatham, and Gillingham, aforesaid, and shall be in the actual Possession and Enjoyment of a real Estate of the clear yearly Value of thirty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a personal Estate to the Amount or Value of five hundred Pounds; and that no Person whosoever shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have first taken an Oath, to the following Effect:

Commissioner* to bold Court*

moreeofy and speedy Recovery of/mall Debts, within the City of Rochester, and the Parishes of Strood, Frindf- bury, Cobham, Shoine, Higham,'Clifte, Cooling, High Halftow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham, Wouldham, Hal-

ign

ling, Cuxstone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the Ville of Sheerness, in the County of Kent, without Fa- your or Affection to any of the Parties.

So help me GOD.

Which Oath the Clerk, or Deputy Clerk to the said Court, or any one of the said Commissioners, is hereby impowered to administer in open Court; and a Memorial thereof shall be entered by the said Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, in the Register of the said Court, to be provided and kept as herein after mentioned:

And if any Perfort, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Commissioner in Penalty on Per-the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of *1°? no* twenty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; keing wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, with- out any other Proof, on the Part of the rrofccutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby impowered and required to assemble, fit, and hold the said Court, in the Guildhall of the said City of Rochester, upon Friday the tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and also to assemble, fit, and hold the said Court (in the said Guildhall, or in such other Place within the said City, to which they shall, from Time to Time, think proper to adjourn the fame) upon the second Friday in every Month, then-after for ever: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and finally determine all causes for the Recovery of Debts, contracted within the said City, Parishes, and Ville, as shall be under the Sum of forty Shillings, and above the Sum of two Shillings, and to make such Orders and Decrees, and pronounce such Judgments, and to award Execution thereupon, with Coils, against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods and Chattels of all Persons against whom they shall make such Orders and Decrees, as to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall appear just in Law, Equity, and good Confidence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any twenty-three or more of them,

shall, and are hereby authorised and required to hold four special Meetings in every Year, at the Guildhall of the said City, upon the first Wednesday after Midsummer-day \ the ft rib Turf lay after Michaelmas-day \ the first Tuesday lifter Christmas~day; and the first Tuijday after La ly-day; the fi;ft of which Meetings shall be holden upon the first Wednesday after Midfumttier~day\ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two;

And the said Commissioners, or any twenty-three or more of them, may from Time to Time adjourn any of their said special Meetings to such Place within the said City, and f<»r such Time (not exceeding fourteen Days), as they shall think proper: And it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any twenty-three or more of them, at such respective quarterly Meetings or Adjournment thereof, within the said City, to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as they shall think proper, for the better regulating of their Proceedings in the Execution of this Act; provided all such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, be con-? formable to the Directions, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act *, and so as the same do not extend to the increasing or leftbning of any of the Fees herein after authorised to be taken: And that in case it shall happen at any monthly Court, or at any of the Quarterly Meetings of the said Commissioners, that the Commissioners present shall be equally divided upon any Question, that then the casting Vote shall be given by the Mayor of the said City, in case he shall be present; or in case the Mayor shall not be present, then by the Recorder of the said City; or in case the Recorder shall not be present, then by the senior Alderman of the said City, who shall be present; or in case none of the said Aldermen shall, be present,

Commissioners to hold special Qjnterly Meetup

Commissioners may make Rules and Orders for regulating their Proceedings.

Carting Vote to be given by the Mayor, &c. or senior Commissioner.

uucr.

i8o

Officers appointed*

Cmntniffidftert to appoint new Officers.

Deputy Clerk to be approved of by (be Clerk.

Courts may fof-pend Serjeants for Miibchan-©ur*

Cormrrifltorwri to hear and de lermine upon Complaints a-fciiaft their Officers, at speciaL Meetings*

lift of the Com-iriifiioners to be put up in the Court,

Clerk to enter the Decrees of the Court in a Bsok*

Bight Commissionu’rs to be summoned to atrend upon every Court Day,

C. 27. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

then by the senior Assistant of the said City, who shall be present; or in rafe none of the said Assistants shall be present, then by tuch of the said Commissionm whole Names shall stand first in the Lift of the Coin-missioners to be put up in the said Court, as herein after mentioned; and in case no Commissioner, whose Name shall stand in such Lift, shall be present in the said Court, then by the senior Commissioner then present.

V. And be it further enacted, That George Gates Gentleman, the present Town Clerk, being an Inhabitant, Householder, and fefident whhin the said City, shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court; and that Richard Mizzeft^ and Ifaae AJizzen (being Inhabitants of the said City), shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Serjeants of the said Court; and that the said Clerk and Serjeants shall continue in such their reipecVive Offices, during their good Behaviour; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may, at their tirft or any subsequent Court, appoint some proper Person (being an Inhabitant of the said City) to be the Deputy Clerk of the said Court, in order to execute the Office of Clerk at such Times as the Clerk shall, by Sickness or otherwise, be prevented from attending the said Coart: And that as often as the Office of Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or Serjeant, shall betome vacant by the Death or Resignation, or by the Removal out of the said City, of any such Officer, the said Commissioners» or any three or more of them, (lull, and are hereby authorised and required, at their first or second Court then next, to appoint another Officer of the said Court (being qualified in the same Manner as such Officer so dying, resigning, or removing out of the said City), in the Room of such Person as shall die, resign, or remove out of the said City.

VI. Provided always, That such Deputy Clerk of the said Court shall not be appointed, but by the Approbation and Consent of the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, provided he shall assign sufficient Reasons, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, against any such Appointment: But if no Reasons shall be assigned to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any* three or more of them, then they shall and may, it they think proper, appoint such Deputy Clerk, without the Approbation or Consent of the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, Thu if Complaint shall be made to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at any of their said Monthly Courts, of any Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty of either of the Serjeants to the said Court; then the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may, at the same or any subsequent Court, examine into such Complaint, upon the Oath of any credible Witness; and may, if they shall think proper, suspend such Serjeant from his said Office, and appoint a proper Person (being an Inhabitant of the said City) to execute the said Office in the Room of the Person so suspended, until the next Quarterly Meeting of the said Commissioners to be holden as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case Complaint shall be made to the said Commissioners, or any twenty-three or more of them, at any of their said Quarterly Meetings, of any Misbehaviour or Ne-gled of Duty of their Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or either of their Serjeants; that then the said Commissioners or any twenty-three or more of them, shall and may, at such Meeting, examine into such Complaint, upon the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), and shall, and are hereby nuthorded and impowered, if they shall think proper, to suspend or remove any such Officer from his said Office, and appoint a proper Person in his Stead: Provided nevertheless, that no Complaint against any of the said Officers (except such Serjeants as shall have been suspended by the monthly Court as aforesaid) shall be heard at any Quarterly Meeting, unless fourteen Days Notice thereof, at the least, in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons complaining, and specifying the Nature of the Complaint, shall have been given to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of, the Person complained ag iirft.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall, and is hereby required to make a true and fair Lift of all the Commissioners, herein-before appointed, in the Order and Course in which they shall be directed to be made out by the Commissioners present at the first Meeting of the said Court; and to affix such Lift upon some proper and conspicuous Place, within the said Court, on the first Day of holding such Court, and the same shall rem in so affixed, until any new Commissioner or Commissioners shall be appointed as aforesaid: And that, born Time to Time, on the first Court-day next after any such new Commissioner or Commissioners shall be appointed, the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall cause a true and fair Lift of the Commissioners for the Time being, in the Course and Order in which they shall then (land, to be made and affixed in the said Court as aforesaid. And the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall cause a true and fair Entry or Register of allCaufes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgments, and other Acts and Proceedings of the said Court, and also of the Quarterly Meetings of the said Commissioners, to be made in a Book, to be provided and kept by the said Clerk for that Purpose; and any Person shall, at all’ seasonable Times, have free Liberty to peruse and inspect such Book, and to have or take Copies of the same.

X. And whereas it would tend to the better and more cafy Execution of this Act, if a certain Number of the said Commissioners were to be summoned to attend the said Court, upon every Court Day / be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Court shall have been holden in pursuance of this A eight of the said Commissioners shall, from Time ro Time, be summoned to attend the said Court upon, every Court Day, in Manner following; that is to say, the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall, and is hereby required, from Time to Time, to summon eight of the said Commissioners, beginning with the eight first framed, and so on in the Rotation and Course in which their Names shall stand upon the Lift to be made as aforesaid; which Summons shall be signed by the Clerk or Deputy Clerk, and left at the respective Houses of the eight Commissioners, who, according to the Rotation aforesaid, ought to attend at the next Court, by one of the Serjeant* of the said. Court, at lead three Days previous to the Day of holding such Court.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. *7, i8t

XI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to exclude or debar any of the f*i'4 Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, from fitting and giving Judgement in the said Courj whenever they shall think fit po attend, alenough not summoned according to (he Rotation before-mentioned. Provided nevertheless. That the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall, and is hereby required to lym-inon, in Manner aforesaid, all the said Commissioners, to attend such of the said Monthly Courts at which any Officer of the said Court is to be chosen, upon a Vacancy occasioned by Death, Refu nation, or Removal of any such Officer as aforesaid; and also to attend the several Quarterly Meetings herein-before directed to be holden, at leaf! six Days previous to every such Court or Meeting; and in case ft frail happen that upon any Court Day, or at any of the said Quarterly Meetings, a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall not attend, that then, and in every such Case, the Court or Meeting shall (land adjourned over to the next Day on which the said Court or Meeting is to be holden, according to the Directions before mentioned and contained.

Court to be

Coffimidfoier*

not fumanonedf may attend.

AM the Commifti >ners to bt summoned to at* tend Monthly Meetings for chusing Officer*, and Quarterly Meetirgs.

A sufficient Number not at* rinding, the adjourned.

and under 40*.

To what Debts this Act shall not extend*

Xlt. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persons whomsoever, who now have, or Made of Prohereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and being upwards ceedingfo? Re* of two Shillings, owing to them in their own Right, or as Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or Trustees, by or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, residing, inhabiting, or keeping any Shop, Shed, 0 moTC ao Stall, Stand, orfeeking a Livelihood, or trading, or dealing, within the Limits of this Act, to apply to the Clerk or Deputy Clerk to the said Court, who shall m ke an Entry of the Cause in the Book to be provided and kept for entering the Proceedings of the said Court, expressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sum demanded; and shall thereupon make out a Summons under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded, and on what Account or Consideration the same is due or demanded, and the Name or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring such Debtor or Debtors to appear before the Commissioners in the said Court, at the next or some subsequent Court, to answer the said Demand; and every such Summons shall be delivered to the Serjeant or Serjeants to the said Court, and shall forthwith be served by him or them on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, or working, of such Debtor or Debtors, within the Limits aforesaid, seven Days, at the lead, before the Court is to be holden, at which such Debtor or Debtors is or are required to appear and answer such Demand. And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised and impowered (upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons) to make Enquiry concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgement, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees touching the same, and the Cods of Suit, as to them shall appear agreeable to Justice, Equity, and good Conscience.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Debt for Rent, upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any lait Will and Testament, or matrimonial Contract, or the Breach thereof, or any Thing properly belonging to any Ecclesiastical Court; nor to any Money won at or by Means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor to any Forfeiture upon any Penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt, for the Payment whereof there shall not have been a Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the same, altnough such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, who shall have been summoned as aforesaid, shall (without some good Cause to be assigned, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners assembled in Court, and to be allowed by them) refuse or neglect to appear in Person, or by any Friend, in the said Court, at the Time mentioned in the Summons then it frail be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, on Proof being made, upon Oath, of the Service of such Summons, in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order,

Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall seem meet, and confident with Justice, Equity, and good Conscience.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, if upon the Return of any Summons at any Court, or at any Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing, shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt, or Demand, to the Satisfa#ion of the said Court; it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Costs a< they dial I think proper; and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are by this Act provided for enforcing the Payment of Debts and Coils, ordered and decreed by the said Court to be paid.

c XVI. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and the more solemn Determination of the several causes and Matters which shall be depending or arise in the said Court,’ be it further enacted, That it frail be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to administer, or cause to be administerec, in open Court, an Oath, to the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants; and also to such Witness or Witnesses as frail be produced by either Pauy; and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any other Person or Persons whom the major Part of the Commissioners, so affi rabjed, frail think proper to be examined, and give Evidence before them, touching or concerning any Cause, Matter, or Thing, arising in such Court, or in any wise relating thereto: And that, in case any Person making Oath, or giving Evidence, in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending or arising in the said Court, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly sonvifted, according to the Laws or Statutes of the Realms every such Person.

On Non-ippeir* ante of the Defendant, the Commi fli oner# to proceed ex parte the Plain* liUk

Plaintiff not appearing, or not rftabMhing his D*rbt, to be nonsuited.

Commissioner* impowered to administer Oath® to the Parties and WiUicwes.

Penalty cn wilful Petjvwy*.

18 2

Commissionera mjy award Execution against Body or Goods,

Court may order Debt< (o be pa d by Inftdiimenti.

On Execution Clerk to indorse the Debt and Costs.

In what cases

Execution shall be (uperl'edtd*

Commissioners may fu<pen i or supers de Pro-Ccedi gc, where the DcJendant, by Sickness or Poverty, may br incip«Ste of pay.ng the Debt.

Serje nt fuss^r*

ing an EOape, &c. by NeJecf, to pay Debt and Cofir,

Gaolers to receive Pei fens comm.t ed9

C. 27. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

son shall inctir and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or shall be subjector liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in any Case, where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execution, ac their Discretion, either against the Body or Goods of the Party against whom such Decree or Older shall be made: And thereupon it shall be lawful for the Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, to the said Court, at the Request or the Party or Parties piofccu-ting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept, under his Hand and Seal, to the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court; who, by virtue of any such Precept, issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body of of such Party, shall and may, and is or are hereby impowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such Party, being wirhin the Limits of this Act, and to convey him or her to the common Gaol of the said City, used for the Reception of Debtors only; there to remain until he or she shall perform and obey such Order or Decree; foas no Person shall remain in Confinement, upon any such Execution, for any longer Time than one Calendar Month, nor less than seven Days; and such Imprisonment shall be deemed to be a full Discharge and Extinguishment of the ffiid Debt and Costs: And such Serjeant or Serjeants, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may, and such Serjeant or Serjeants is or are hereby impowered to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being within the Limits of this Act, such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be so ordered and decreed: And if the Party, against whose Body or Goods any such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue thereupon, shall, by absennding, or by ftcreting or removing his or her Goods, or by other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution,* and Proof thereof shall be made to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rby the Oath of any Serjeant of the said Court, or of any other credible Witness; that th n (bur not otherwise) it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execution, at their Discretion, either against the Body or Goods of such Party preventing or evading the Service or EftVdt of the Execution, as aforesaid, and Process lbnll issue thereupon, and be executed by the Serjeant or Serjeants, in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties, at whose Suit such Execution shall be issued, shall be fully paid and finished.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further em£ted, That in case the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at fieveral Payments; then, upon the first Default or Failure of any of the saul Payments, so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure made of such Payment, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, to be recovered by the same Process, and in like Manner, as is herein-before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed > the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That upon every Precept to be issued upon any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person whomsoever, the Clerk, or Drpu’y Clerk, who issues the same, shall express. and set down in Writing, the Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, so ordered and decreed ro

be paid: And if the Party, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, shall, before any actual Sale of his or her Goods, or before he or she shall be taken and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his or her Imprisonment, pay or tender, or cause to be paid or tendered, unto the Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, of the Court, who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble, in receiving and paying over such Debt and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in the Book or Register of the said Court for such Debt and Costs; and also the Sum of two Shillings for Gaol Fees (in case such Party shall have been committed to Prison); then, and in every such Case, the Execution shall be fuptrfeded, and the Body and Goods of such Party shall be discharged, and set at Liberty.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time, during the Pending of any Cause in the said Court, appear to the said Commissioners, or any three or mere of them, upon Proof, by the Oath of any credible Witness, that the Defendant or J)efendants therein shall, by Sickness, Poverty, or otherwise, be rendered incapable of paying the lEbt or Demand, for which such Cause shall have been infLtut<d; that then the Lid Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may suspend or supersede the Proceedings in such Cause, until it shall, upon like Proof as aforesaid, appear to the Court, that such Defendant or Defendants shall be able to p.ty such Debt or Demand, in the Whole, or by separate Payments; and then to proceed again therein, in Manner aforesaid; any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution in pursuance of this Act, shall, by Connivance or wilful Neglect, cause or fufter the Party, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party to be carried away or secreted, so as to prevent, hinder, or delay, the due Effect of such Execution; it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Complaint, and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath of any credible Witness, to order such Serjeant or Serjeants to pay the Sum or Sumsof Money, for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining; and to inforce the Payment thereof by the like Ways and Means as are by thFs Act provided for the Payment of any Debts and Costs.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper, for the Time being, of the said Goal of the said JCiiy, shall> and is hereby required, to receive and take into his Custody, all ami every Person and Personi

who

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 27. 183

who shall be committed, or ordered to (land committed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or by virtue of ary Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process, issued out of the said Court:

And, in case the Keeper of the said Goal shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his Custody any Person committed by virtue of this Act, or shall discha'gc, or wilfully permit and suffer any Person, who shall be committed to his Custody, to go at large, without the Warrant, Order, or Authority of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or of the Mayor, or any Justice of the Peace for the said City, in Manner herein after mentioned, for that Purpose 5 every Keeper of the said Goal offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before the Mayor, or any of his Majesty's Justicts of the Peace for the said City, either upon his own Confession, or upon the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath the said Mayor or Justice is hereby authorised and impowered to administer), shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Mayor or Justice; and such Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person so offending, into the Hands of the Mayor or Justice, before whom he shall be convicted; or, in Default of such Payment, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, or Justice; and which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied, in the first Place, in Payment of the Debt and Costs, for which such Party shall have been committed; and afterwards in like Manner as any Fines or Penalties are herein after directed to be applied.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall be committed to Prison, by virtue pr^dltois to_iU’ of any Execution or Process issued in pursuance of this Act for the Recovery of any Debt or Costs, the to^e3bt(jr* whil^ Person or Persons, at whose Suit such Execution or Process shall issue, shall pay and allow to the Person in prison. committed the Sum of Three-pence a Day, for every Day he or she fhalPcontinue in Prison upon the fame

Execution or Process, towards his or her Subsistence; the same to be paid to the Keeper of the said Goal, or left at his House, for the Use of the Person so committed: And in case any Default shall be made in the Payment of the said Sum of Three-pence a Day, for any one or more Day or Days, and due Proof, on-Oath, of such Default, shall be made to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, or any Justice of the Peace for the said City of Rochejhr (who are hereby respectively authorised and impowered to administer such Oath ;) that then it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, or Justice, to order and direct such Prisoner to be forthwith set at Liberty; and such Person shall thereupon be discharged from the Payment of the Money for which he or she shall have been so committed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person residing within the Limits of this Act, shall be duly served with a Subpoena, to be issued by the Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, of the said Court (and which-1 *JJ he is hereby authorised and required to issue to any Person applying for the fame), requiring the Person so ..

served to appear in the said Court, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, at a certain Time, at the Distance of four Days at the lead from the Time of serving such Subpoena; and shall neglect or refuse to appear, pursuant to such Subpoena, and Proof, upon Oath, shall be made of the Service thereof, and no Cause of Absence be shewn or assigned to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; and if Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, that the Person served with a Subpoena was a material Witness for the Party, at whose Instance such Subpoena shall have been issued; or if any Person appearing in Court, pursuant to any such Subpoena,

shall refuse to be examined, or give Evidence in the Cause upon which he shall have been served with such Subpoena; that then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to impose a Fine on such Person, not exceeding four Shillings, to be levied and recovered (if not paid on Demand) as any Debtor Costs, ordered and decreed to be paid in pursuance of this Act, can or may be levied and* recovered: And in Default thereof, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may, by Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, commit, or cause to be committed, such Person to the said Goal, for any Time not exceeding two Days.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees herein after mentioned, and no other, shall be ^ecl ta^ taken by the Clerk and Serjeants, for their respective Services in the Execution of this Act; and also by tbfc y lhc Keeper of the said Goal; that is to say;

F E E S to be taken by the CLERK For entering every Cause, Two-pence:

For issuing every Summons, Four-pence:

For every Hearing or Trial, Two-pence:

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff or Defendant, Two-pence:

For every Nonsuit, and entering the fame. Ten-pence:

For every Attachment for the Defendant’s not appearing, Ten-pence: For every Execution, one Shilling:

For every Acknowledgment of Satisfaction, Sixpence:

For every Subpoena, Threepence:

For the Payment of Money into Court, Sixpence:

For every Order, Three-pence;

Forenteiing thereof, Three pence:

For every Warrant of Commitment, Sixpence:

For searching the Books, Two-pence.

By the SERJEANTS*

For serving every Summons or Subpoena, Four-pence-:

For calling every Witness before the Court, one Penny;

By the Clerk

Bj tit Se»je*afc^,

184- C. 27. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

For calling the Plaintiff and Defendant before the Court, Two-pence:

For every Execution against Body or Goods, one Shilling:

For every Commitment for Insults or Misbehaviour in the Court, one Shilling.

By the G O A L E R.

By the Gioicr. For every Commitment, two Shillings,

Table of Fees to be hungup in lhcCourt-house.

Whole Fees in any Cause limited.

Penalty on Officers raking greater Feel.

Fws to Deputy Clerk *fccr» tained.

No Commi'’-

fioner or Officer to act where interellfd, or who shall sell Ale, &c.

No Attorney to be a Commissioner, or iniitled to any Privilege* this Court, or employed as ao Advocate.

Perfcm intuiting the Court to be fined.

Cl

A Copy of which Table of Fees shall be hung up by the said Clerk in some conspicuous Place within the salt) Court, so as all Perf mseonewned may eai'aly peruse and examine the same.

XXVI. Provided always, That no greater Sum shall be demanded, taken, or received, for the Fees payable upon any Cause, Which shall be heard and determined in the said Court, than six Shillings and Elevenpence by the said Clerk, and three Shillings and Eleven* pence by the said Serjeants; notwithstanding the Fees payable upon the Proceedings in such Cause may, according to the above Table of Fees, amount to more than the said respective Sums.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or either of the said Serjeants, or the said Goaler, shall demand, take, or receive, any gieater Fees or Rewards than as before-mentioned, for his Trouble and Services; and being thereof convicted, upon the Oath of any credible V/itness, before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; cveiy Person offending herein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than Foiiy Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall order, assess, and impose; the same to be applied either to the Relief of such Debtor or Debtors, who shall be then, or at any Time after, by virtue of this Act, committed to the said Goal, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall order and direct, or otherwise to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Person paying such Fine shall, at the Time of his Conviction, reside, for the Ute of the Poor of the same Parish, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners who shall impose such Fine; the same to be levied and recovered (if not paid on Demand) in like Manner as any Debtor Costs can or may be levied or recovered, by virtue of this Act: And such Offence shall also be deemed a Misbehaviour in such Officer.

XXVIII. And in order to make Satisfaction to the Deputy Clerk of the said Court, so to be appointed as aforesaid, for his Trouble and Services in the Execution of this AClbe it further en idled. That whenever the said Deputy Clerk shall attend the said Court in the Stead or Absence of the Clerk, the said Deputy Clerk shall be intitled to, and shall have and receive, one Half Part of the Fees payable, by virtue of this Act, to the Clerk of the said Court, for all the Business which shall be done and transacted in the said Court, upon all such Days as the said Deputy Clerk shall so attend, and the o'her Half Part of the said P'ees shall he paid to the said Clerk. Provided always, That in case the Clerk to the said Court shall pay to the Deputy Clerk the Sum of thirteen Shillings and Four-pence upon any Court Day previous to the Sitting of the Court, for his Trouble in attending the Court in the Stead or Absence of the said Clerk upon that Day; then the same shall be accepted by the Deputy Clerk, in full for such his Attendance, and the Clerk shall be intitled to, and shall be paid the Whole of the Fees payable by virtue of this Act to the Clerk for the Business which shall on that Day be done and rranfaded in the said Court, and upon every other Day, 6n which the said Sum of thirteen Shillings and Four-pence shall have been paid as aforesaid, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Person shall be capable of ailing as a Commissioner, or as a Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or Serjeanr, in pursuance of this Act, in any Case where he shall be concerned in Interest, or who shall keep any Victualling House, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall sell Ale, Wine, Cyder, or Spirituous Liquors, by Retail: And that no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be the Mayor, or one of the Aldermen, or Assistants, of the find C:ty; and that no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, appearing in the said Court, shall be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement thereof; nor (h<dl any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, be admitted to appear in the said Court as Attorney or Advocate on th- Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said Court, in which such Attorney or Solicitor is not himself a Party or Wimefs.

XXX. And, for better enforcing the Orders and Decrees of the said Commissioners, and forprevent- ing Insult and Abuse in the said Court;’ be it further enacted, That if any Person shall affront, rnfult, or abuse the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any of their Officers in the said Court, or in Execution of their respective Offices, or shall interrupt or disturb any of the Proceedings of the said Court, or shall obstruct, hinder, or prevent the Execution of any Process thereof; it shall boHawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, of the said Court, directing the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court to app enend the Person so offending, and to take him before the said Mayor or any Justice of the Peace for the Lid City; and such Mayor or Justiceis hereby impowered, upon the Offence alledged against such Person being proved determined by the O.nhof any credible Witness, to impose any Fine, not exceeding twenty Shillings, on the Person so offending; which Fine shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Mayor or Justne, and shall be paid by him to the Overseers f the Poor of the Parish wherein the Person committing the said Offence shall reside, to be applied for the life of the Poor of the same Pariflt And in Calc the Pc. son who shall hive committed such Offence shall not pay such Fine as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Ma or or Justice, determined by arrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the said Goal, there to remain for any ime

exceeding three Days, or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine.

A"d

O

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 28.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, of the said Court, 4haII cause a Copy of the last preceding Clausetobe hung up on some conspicuous Part of the said Court, to the Intent that no Person may plead Ignorance of the Purport thereof.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Action or Suit for any Debt, not amounting to forty Shillings, and being upwards of two Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act In the said Court of Requests, shall be brought, against any Person residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, or in any Courts whatsoever other than the said Court of Requests, and the Court Portmote herein after mentioned: And that no Suit which shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act,' nor any Proceedings which shall be had therein, shall or may be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or otherwise, into any other Court whatsoever; but that the Judgment, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court of Requests, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXIII. And whereas the Mayor and Citizens of the said City of Rochester are, by virtue of a Char- ter granted to them, in the fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, authorised and impowered within his Majesty's Courts Portmote of the said City, to hold Pleas real, personal, and mi\t, within the said City, and the Liberty and Precinct thereof be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect, lessen, or take away, any of the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Liberties, Powers, or Jurisdictions, of the said Court Portmote; but that the same, and all other the Rights and Privileges of the said Mayor and Citizens, shall remain and continue in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained (ha)J extend to prevent or hinder the holding of any Courts of Justice, or transacting any other publick Business of the said City, within the Guildhall, or any other Places appointed, or to be appointed, within the said City, for the holding of such Courts of Justice, or transacting any publick Business within the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall have been given to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of, the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Suit shall be intended to be brought, thereby setting forth the particular Cause of Action, or after Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or unless such Action or Suit shall be commenced within forty Days next after the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and be laid in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the ftme shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of twenty-one Daye next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be Lid in any other Place than the County of Kent; then, and in either or any of the said cases, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXXVI. Provided always, That no Plaintiff in any Action or Suit, which shall be brought for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act as aroreLid, Hull be permitted to produce Evidence of any other Cause of Action, than such as shall be set forth in the Notice to be given as aforesaid, or fh dl recover any Verdict against the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, unless such Plaintiff shall prove on the Trial that such Notice was given as aforesaid; and in Default of such Proof, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover a Verdict and Costs, as before-mentioned: And that in case any Person, against whom any such Action or Suit shall be brought, shall have neglected to tender Amends, or shall have tendered inefficient Amends before the Action or Suit shall be commenced; it shall be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court, wherein such Action or Suit shall be depending, at any Time before Blue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall think proper, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgement, shall be bad, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Cases where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Pub-Kck Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco and Snuff; and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE* your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Imports and Duties herein- after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

185

C»*7J of tltt fort g' ing CUule to be hung up in the Court.

No Debt under 401. and up* ward* of z 9. to be sued for in any other Co art.

Saving the Rights of the Court Portmote of Rochester.

Court not to interrupt or hinder the transacting the publick Bo-fine's of the City in the Guildhall, Limitation of Action*.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs,

Plaintiff not to produce Evi- iftnee of the Cause of Action other than wh^t ftnli be specified in the Notice. r

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble,

*86

From June i,

X T%i, an additional Do y of 4 d. j-cr Pound on all i obacco imported;

ml of 3d. per Pound on ail Suutf ar>poitcJ.

Recital of «o A(U8 Car. II. and i he Additional Bo k ofw Rite*. n Geo. I, relative to she Duty oa Brandy.

7 Geo. II, Cip. M-

From June I, 17X2, the said Dtries on Im-porfation of Brandy «nd Aria k, ^except Fxc fe Cuties) to cease.

New Duties to be paid instead thereof,

New Duties fnb* to an additional Duty of 5l. per Cent, conformable to jg Geo. III. Ci|>. tS.

Dutiei take paid upon Importation without any Discounr, and to be under the Management of the Comnrfiion-t's of the Cuf-tom r.

How to be applied.

C. 28. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Tobacco which, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, Cull be imported or brought into this Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above ail Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, ahc.idy impoied thereon, an additional Duty of Four-pence for every Pound, Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity.

II. And whereas, in order to promote and encourage the Manufi&urc of Snuff in Great Britain, it is expedient that a further Duty should be impoied upon Foreign Snuff imported, in proportion to the said

additional Duty by this Act granted upon Tobacco j* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall he also raised, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Snuff* which, from and after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, already imposed thereon, an additional Duty of eight-pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity.

III. And whereas by an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging of Coinage, a Duty of twenty Shilling per Ton was imposed upon Brandy, Wines, or Strong Waters, imported into this Kingdom; and in and by the Additional Book of Rates, referred to by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, Spirits called Brandy are rated as follows; that is to say, Brandy of France, the Ton, containing

two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, at thirty Pounds; Brandy of Spain, Portugal, or Italy, the Ton, c< ntaming two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, at fifteen Pounds; and Brandy of all other Countries, not otherwise rated, the 7on, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, at twenty Pounds: And whereas by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Duties upon Arrack, and for giving further Time to Clerks and Ajopren- tices to bay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts; it was, amongst other 7 hings, enacted, That the same Subsidies, Duties, and Excise, then payable upon Brandy and Foreign Spirit* imported, and no more, should be paid for Arrack, imported from any of his Majesty's Colonies or Ter- ritories in the East Indies, and that the same Allowance should be made on the Exportation thereof, as was made upon Foreign Brandy, or other Spirits: And whereas, in order to evade Payment of the Du- ties due by Law upon Brandy of France, great Quantities of French Brandy mixed abroad with Brandy of other Countries, have been imported into this Kingdom from Dunkirk, and other Ports in Flanders, under the Denomination of FlemifJ) Brandy; and by reason of such Mixture, and other Pra£lices, uled by the Traders therein to disguise the same, it is impossible for the Officers of the Customs to ascertain the proper Duties that ought to be paid for such Brandy, whereby the publick Revenue is diminished, and the fair Trader much injured*/ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, the said Rates upon Brandy shall be repealed, and the several Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, as herein-before mentioned (except the Duties of Excise, as herein after is provided), and all former Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof, Ihallcrease, determine, and he no longer paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, in lieu and in stead of the said former Rates and Duties repealed by this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for every Ton of Brandy, or Spirits usually entered under that Denomination, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, which shall be brought or imported into this Kingdom from any Place or Country beyond the Seas, the Sum of eight Pounds and eight Shillings; and for every Ton of Arrack, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, which shall be brought or imported into this Kingdom, the like Sum of eight Pounds and eight Shillings; and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity thereof; any Thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Duties hereinbefore granted, shall be also subject and liable to an additional impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum is granted *o his Majesty by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Alajefv additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissionters of the Cujhms and Excise in Great Britain.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective Duties herein-before granted, shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance, upon Importation, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as the former Duties payable to his Majesty upon such Articles respectively were raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and the same shall be under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs and their Officers for the Time being, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs in England, and shall be by him paid (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answering the same, only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and appropriated and applied in the following Manner; that is to say; two Pounds, twelve Shillings, and Sixpence, Part of the said Duties on Brandy and Arrack, to the Subsidy on Spirits; one Pound and one Shilling, other Part thereof, to the Subsidy one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven; one Pound and one Shilling, to the Subsidy one thousand seven

1 hiindxed

e

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii 1 IF. C. 29, 30.

hundred and fifty-nine; one Pound and one Shilling, to the Coinage on Spirits; and two Pounds, twelve Shillings, and Sixpence, the Remainder of the said Duties on Brandy and Arrack, together with the Wh le of theieveral additional Duties of four-pence per Pound Weight upon Tobacco, and right pence per Pound Weight upon Snuff, shall be paid in diffinft and apart fromajl other Monies which such Receiver-general shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned; and the additional ImpoA of five Pounds per Centum, granted by this Act, shall be paid in as Part of the said ImpoA, granted by the before mentioned Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, under the Title and Description of The Imp oft one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided ami kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said last mentioned Duty of two Pounds, twelve Shillings, and S ixpence, being Part of the Duties on Brandy and Arrack; and the said additional Duties of Fourpence per Pound Weight upon Tobacco, and of Eight-pence per Pound Weight upon Snuff, hereby granted and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the Eid Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be g anted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose (and not otherwise applied), be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are dirtied to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the former Drawbacks upon the Exportation of Brandy and Arrack, repealed by this Act, where any Brandy or Arrack, having paid the Duties herein-before granted, shall be again exported by way of Merchandize, the Merchant or Merchants, so exporting the same, shall be repaid and allowed the following Drawback; that is to say; For every Ton of such Brandy or Arrack, as shall be exported to any British Co! >ny or Plantation in America, the Sum of seven Pounds, and seven Shillings; and for every ion of lu~h Biandy or Arrack, as shall be exported to any other Place, where such Brandy or Arrack would have be*-n Rga ly intitled to any former Drawback, the Sum of seven Pounds, seventeen Shillings, and Sixpence; and after those Rates for any grea'er or less Quantity; and upon the Exportation of such Tobacco and Snuff from this Kingdom, to any Part beyond the Seas, as Merchandize, the Exporter shall he paid and all >wed a Drawback of all the before-mentioned Duties, paid upon the Importation of such Tobacco and Snuff by virtue of this Act; which said respective Drawbacks or Allowances shall be made in such M inner, ard under such Rules, Regulation?, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in all Respects as any r>r ver Drawback or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such B< and), Arrack, Tobacco, or Snuff, was, could, or might be paid or allowed.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, »bat nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, or any wi e abe'\ any Duty of Excise imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, upon Foreign Brandy, Arrack, or Strong Waters, imported into this Kingdom, but such Duties shall continue to be paid and applied in the same Manner, in all Respects, as if this Act had not been made.

A Bo Ms to be

kept in the Audit r'« Otftre* in which the 'ionai Dnt e» are to be cnieied.

Application

thereof.

Drawbacks to be allowed on the rotation of Bianriy and Arrack. Tobacco and Snuff.

Tl>*« A*> not al'er -hr Du'iet ot F. cite up*n Foie.gn B.and/f &c.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time."

[Continued during the present Hostilities with France, Spain, and Holland, or either of them ]

CAP. XXX.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis and Montserrat, into any Ports of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

WHEREAS, in the Course of the present Hostilities, the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and prcamw^ Montserrat, have been taken by the Arms of his most Christian Majesty: And whereas, by the twelfth Article of the Capitulation of Saint Christopher*s and Nevis9 as also by the twelfth Article of the Capitulation of Montserrat, it is covenacted, Ttiar the Vessels which the Inhabitants of the said Blands f expect from the Ports of England\ or from any of the Possessions of his Britannick Majesty, dial I be re- ceived in the said Colonies, during the Space of six Months, and that they may load them to return under neutral Colours, even for the Ports of Great Britain, with the particular Permission of the Governor:

And whereas, by an additional Article of the Capitulation of Saint Christopher*s and Nevis, as also by the fourteenth Article of the Capitulation of Montserrat, it is moreover covenacted generally. That the In- habitants of the said Islands may, with the Permission of the Governor, export their Merchandize, in neutral Vessels, to all the Ports of Europe and America May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

Bb t

188

Ooodt the Produce or Mano-facture of St. Christopher’s, Nevis, and Mortferrit, may betmporcd in neutral Vesseli, on Payment cr Plantation Duties} pro* ded the Importer make Oath to the Truth thereof*

[Preamble.]

Certsin Freeholders intitled to vote for the Borough of Ciickladcs

Customary Voters a)so fowled*

No Freeholders to tote but. such as are qualified to be Couaty Voters. Freeholders to be u ora.

The Oath*

Penalty on committing Perjury, or Subornation thereof*

C. 31. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 178*.

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and bythe Authority of the same, That it shall and maybe lawful to import, in any British or neutral Vessels* from the said Islands of Saint Christopher's, Nevis, and Montserrat, any Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the said Islands, into any Ports of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America; and that the said Goods Hull be admitted to an Entry, on Payment of the same Duties to which they would have been subject, if imported from any of the British West India Islands, on Board British Ships navigated according to Law; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That the Importer or Importers of any Goods from the said Islands of Saint Christopher's, Nevis, and Montserrat, shall make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of his Majority's Customs, that, to the best of his or their Knowledge or Belief, the Goods so imported are really and bona fide of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the said Islands; and in Default of such Oath, the Goods imported from the said Islands shall he subject to the Payment of the same Duties, as they would have been liable to if imported from any Foreign Wesi India Island; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

WHEREAS there was the most notorious Brlbety and Corruption at the last Elc£th>n of Burgessrs to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts: And whereas such Biibery and Corruption is likely to continue and be pracii.cd in the said Borough in future, unless some Means are taken to prevent the Line; in order therefore to prevent such unlawful Practice s for the fu- tore, and that the said Borough may from henceforth be duly represented in Pailiajneni be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lo»ds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affirm h] d, ano by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every Freeholder, b^i- g above the Age of twenty-one Years, who shall have, within the Hundreds or Divisions of High wo*tb, Cricklade, Staple Kin?(bridge, and Malmsbury, or one or more of them, in the County or Hilts, a Fr^eh Id of the < lear yearly Value ol forty Shillings, to give his Vote at every Election of a Burgess or B^rgdfcs to terve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right of Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, shall be, and is hereby declared to be* in such Freeholders as aforesaid, and in the Persons who, by the Custom and Usage of the said Borough* have, or shall hereafter have, a Right to vote at such Election; and the proper Officer for the Time being, to whom the Return of every Writ or Process does belong, is hereby required to return the Person or Persons to serve in Parliament for the said Borough who shall have the major Number of Votes of such Freeholders and other Persons having a Right to vote at such Election; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That such Freeholders only shall be intirled to vote as shall be duly qualified to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire for the said County of Wilts, according to the Laws now in being for regulating County Elections.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at any Election for the said Borough, shall, if required by the Candidates, or any of them, or any other Person having a Right to vote at the said Elc&ion, li: ft take the Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, the solemn Affirmation following; videlicet,

T Do swear [or, being a Quaker, solemnly affirm]. That I am a Freeholder in the Hundreds or Divisions 4 A of Highworth, Cricklade. Staple, Malmsbury, and Kingsbridge, or any one or more of them, in the County of Wilts, and have a Freehold Eliate, consisting of [ fpreifying the Nature thereof \

and if it confi/Js in Messuages, Lands, Tenements* or Tithes, in whose Occupation the same are; and if in Rent, the Names of the Owners or Pcfiiffors of the Tenements out of which such Rent is tjfuing, or of some of fhemjt situate, lying, or being at in the aforesaid Hundreds or Divisions, or in one or

more of them, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Shillings, over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of\>r in respect of the same; and that I have been in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents '4 and Profits thereof, for my own Use, above twelve Calendar Months [or, that the same came to me 'within the Time aforesaid determined by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to a Be- nefice in a Church, or by Promotion to an Office]; and that such Freehold Estate has not been granted or made to inc fraudulently, on purpose to qualify me to give my Vote; and that the Place of my Abode is at in, and that 1 am twemy-one Years of Age, as I believe, and that I

have not been polled before at this Election.'

Which Oath, or solemn Affirmation, the proper Officer, to whom the Return of any Writ or Precept for such Election shall belong, is hereby required to administer: And in case any Freeholder, or other Person taking the said Oath or Affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and be thereof convicted; or if any Person shall unlawfully and conuptly procure or suborn any Freeholder or other Person to take the said Oath or Affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he shall commit such wilful Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, be and they, for every firch Offence respectively, shall incur such

Penalties

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 32, 33. 189

Penalties as are inflictedon Persons guilty of Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, in and by two Acts of Parliament, one made in the fif\h Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for punishing JuchPer Jons as shall procure or commit wilfulPenury, orfuborn or procure any Person to commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury \ and the other, made in the second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to seal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities for Payment of Money, contrary to the said Acts.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such proper, Officer, to whom any Writ or Precept shall be directed for making any Election for the said Borough, shall, upon the Receipt of such Writ or Precept, indorse upon the Back thereof the Day of his Receipt thereof, in the Pretence of the Party from whom he received such Precept* and shall forthwith cause publick Notice to be given within the said Borough of Cricklade, and the several Towns of Highworth, Malmsbury, Sivindon, and IVotton Basset, by affixing up a Notice thereof in Writing on the Market houses, or on the Doors of the Cfturcnes of the said Towns of the Day of Election; and shall proceed to Election thereupon within the Space of twelve Days, and not less than eight Days, next after his Receipt of the same Precept.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be publickly read at every Election for the said Borough of Cricklade, immediately after the Acts directed by any Act of Parliament to be read thereat, and before the Persons present shall proceed to make such Electioa.

How Officer proceed on receiving any Writ foe Election.

Thb Aa to!* read pfeviojf to any Elcition.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to revive and continue an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to regulate the hading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland), the same was continued, and the Term of the said Act enlarged, by another Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty (intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sun- derland)}" by which said last mentioned Act, the said Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty was continued to the last Day of the last Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act having been found, by Experience, highly beneficial to the Coal Trade of the said Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, by excluding all undue Preference in the loading of Coals at such Ports, whereby the Publick ia general, and the London Market in particular, areconstantly and regularly supplied with Fuel on reasonable Terms: And whereas che Revival and Continuance of the said Act of the sixth Year of his said Majesty, would be of great publick Utility Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign shall be revived; and shall continue in full Force and Effect until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one themfand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Preirofcle.*

6 Geo. III. Cap. 21, recited*

The recited Act revived, and further continued until March ay,

1789.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for charging a Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes payable otherwise than upon Demand.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards railing, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Duties or Sums of Money herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of Ahguft, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, 1

From Aog. tg 1781, the following Duties shall be paid to his Majesty, vie* Fur every Inland Bill of Exchange, and Prof mi (Tory Note,

Stc. (not payable on Demand) under 50l.—.

3d.; and for 50l. or upward* *d.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said The said Duties Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for to be under the

the Maaagemeat of

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note payable otherwise than upon Demand, shall be ingossed, written, or printed, where the Sum. expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the Sum of fifty Pounds, there be charged a Stamp-duty of Three-pence:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note payable otherwise than upon Demand, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the Sum of fifty Pounds or upwards, there be charged a Stamp-duty of Sixpence.

U.

J90

the CommiC.

fionm of the Sump Duuti.

AH such Bills a«d Note*, not prooeily stamped, to be invalid*

Statnp-office to make the «;ual Allowance on patent Payrr.ent of the Duties. The said Stamps may be altered.

Penalty on counterfeiting any Stamp* oirefled to be ufeti by this Act.

All former iPro-▼ifions and Penalties relating to th* Stamp-duties shall be in Force in levying, &c. she pro-int Duties.

vDi/tieftobe paid to the Rcce-.ver |cnerai, and by him paid into the Exchequer.

Andltor of the Jwrchrqu* to kero a lepante Account of the Monies p o-euvel b> this Act.

Application the cof.

Per fona sted for executing this Adrn av p; ead

th* G-*nera

and recover Treble

C. 33. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; for which Purpose they, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the nectf-Lry Officers under them, and to use and provide huh Stamps to denote the said several Duties, a* (halt be requisite in rhat Behalf, and to do all other Things nectiury to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample M up.er as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning liamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper

III. And, for better securing the said Stamp-duties hereby imposed, be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, upon which any such Rill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or ottvT Note payable otherwise than upon Demand, shall be ingross'd, written, or printed, shall, betmc the ismr Ib.di be ingrossed, written, or printed, be brought to the Head Office for stamping and making of Vchurn, Parchment, and Paper; and the said Commissioners, by themselves or their Officers, shall from Time ro Time (lamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon Payment of the said Duty; the said Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons giving such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, as aforesaid; and if any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, so hereby directed to be stamped, shall not be marked or stamped as by this Act is directed, or shall be marked or stamped for a lower Duty than as aforesaid, no such Bill oY Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be good or available in Law or Equity.

IV. And be it further emdled, That the same Allowance shall be made on present Payment of the several Duties granted by th s Act, in such Manner as by any former Law relating to ilamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, is directed and allowed.

V. And be it further enacted, Thar such Stamp* as the said Commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, arc, by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper* directed to be altered and renewed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or so'ged, any Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be u!ed by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccessVs, of any of the said Duties; or shall fraudulently use any Stamp or M irk, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, hia Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duties, with such counceifeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; then every such Pet son so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cates of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and 'Effect wi:h relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, coiiedling, and securing, the said new Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Duties hereby imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Duties jm-posed by this Act, and pay such Duties (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned* at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are directed to be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Duties imposed by this Act, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates. Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Scfli >n of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several and respective Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for rmjinva certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for cflabUJhin* a Lottery.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, moleffed, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or execured in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Dtfendantor Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant ox Defendants (hill have Treble Costs awarded to him or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 31.

19c

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two; and for consolidating certain Annuities, which were made one Joint Stock by an Act made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, twenty ninth, thirty first, thirty second and thirty third Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and several subsequent Acts.

Most Gracious Sovereign*

WE* your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, which we have chrerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum herein- after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty* Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any hreeor more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Aflfor granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two, are prescribed, concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes* Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilites, contained in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and also except as is herein after mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Bill or Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time before the sixth D.iy of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, received or taken, or pass or be current, to any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge and cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall be in due Course or Order of Payment before the said sixth Day of April, nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the said sixth Day of Aprils for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver of Collector for neglecting or refuting to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money, before the said sixth Day of April; any Thing in the said Act, rrude in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in- Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, or this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to, or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first Aids or Supplies which shall he granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies f«»r that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the fame* shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as, at any Time or Times at or afrpr the said fifth Day of July, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excess s, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Uf£ «>r Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, lor and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, inteiefi, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money i'uflkient for

that

Preamble#

Commissioner* of the Treasury may raise 1,500,000 I. by Lo^ns and Exchequer Bnl% before Jjn. 5, in hke Manner a is pr«-Icnbco by 'he Land Tax A6E of this htfijon, concerning Loans, Arc.

The CJau'ts,

*c. in the said Act rel.iing to Loans or Exche* qer Bills (L*« ccption) extended 10 this Act.

Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Taxes,

nor exchanged b-fote April 6,

i:8l-

Ailion not to lie for such Re-fufcl.

Pri ncipal and Interest, with Char.es, to be repaid ut of fh* next Suprl »,s J and if Uiffkient Supplies be not gramed tufor* July 5, 17S3, to be cDJ'ged < a the Sinking Fund.

192

Monies ft issued to be replaced out of the First Supplier

Bank of England authorised 10 advance the said Sum on the Credit of this Act $ an AO 5 and 6 Gul. & Marine notwithstanding,

Recital of gt Geo. II, Cap.

Hi

The said 4,500,0001, shall, from July 5, 1781, with the Content of the Proprietori, he added to the I per Cent, Confir a

Proprietors who shill not signify their Diflent before June 6, VjH, shall be deemed to assent thereto.

[Preamble.]

C. 35 - 37. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be As issued out of the said Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, or other Revenues competing the Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament) any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and msy be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Ins Majesty, in like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan grunted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds; any Thing in an Act, made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Maty (intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Terfels, and upon Beer, Alty and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France), to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-fi;ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions5 and upon Houses; and upon Windows or Lights \ ami Jor raising the Sum of five millions by Annul- ties, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; the Sum of four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said five Millions, was, by the said Act, made one Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, to continue for the Term of twenty-four Years to commence and be computed from the filth D ry of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight) and from and after the Expiration of the said Term of twen*y-four Years, the said Capital or Joint Stock of four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, to be infilled to an An- nutty of three Pounds per Centum, until Redemption by Parliament, in the Manner, and upon the No- tice, in the said Act mentioned: And as the above Term of twenty-four Years will expire on the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eigVy two, from tvhch Time the Annuity payable, in respect of the said four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, will iland reduced to three rounds Her Centum; and it may be for the Benefit and Advantage of the Proprietors of the same, to have the said Annuities, so reduced to three Pounds per Centum, added to other Annuities called three Pounds per Centum consolidated Annuities, payable at the Bank of England\ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of four millions fLe hundred thousand Pounds shall, with the Consent of the Proprietors, from the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, be added to the joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, into which the several Sums carrying an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum were, by several Acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-first, thirty-second, and thirty-thiid Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and several subsequent Acts, converted, and shall be deemed Part of the said Joint Stocxof Annuities; subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, in such Manner, and upon such Notice, as in the said Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his said late Mnjrfty’s Reign, is directed, in respect of the several and refyedive Annuities redeemable by virtue of the said Act; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the Money to which he, she, or they, are or shall be imitled determined by virtue of the said several Acts of Parliament, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities consolidated by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proprietors who shall not, on or before the sixth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, signify the r Dilfent to such Consolidation as aforesaid, in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto) any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

One million nine hundred thousand Pounds.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Broseley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock and Dawley, and an Extra-parochial Place called Posnall, in the County of Salop.

WHEREAS within the Parishes of Broseley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extraparochial Place called Pofnall\ in the Counry of Salop, there are several very extensive Branches of Trade, Manufacture, and Commerce, carried on, which employ several

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 37. 195

thousand People, many of whom contract small Debts, and (although well able) refuse to pay the same,

presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under to proceed for the Recovery thereof by the usual Course of Law, on account of the Delays and great Expence they are unavoidably subject to in suing for such Debts: And whereas an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said rarishes would greatly tend to promote Industry, and to support useful Credit; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Acton, Edward Blakeway Esquire-, Je- Names of retniah Baker, Daniel Bodtn, ‘Thomas Botfield, Thomas Bryan, John Bell junior, William Banks, Andrew Commi/Iicueri* Bradley, George Braaney, Richard Beard, John Corbet, Henry Cartwright senior, William Collect Richard Colley of P of nail, Abraham Darby, Samuel Darby, John Davis, William Ferriday Esquire, Richard Ford,

Thomas Fletcher, the Reverend John Fletcher, William Goodwin Esquire, Charles Guefi, John Guest Miller,

John\ Gucfi junior, Alexander Guejl, Ambrose Gallimore, James Gibbons, the Reverend Edward Harries, the Reverend Daniel Hemus, the Reverend John Holmes, Francis Homfray, John Hartjhorn, Leonard Jennings,

John Janies, George Jackson, Richard Lac on Esquire, John Mathews, John Morris of Cockjhut-lane, John Morris of The JPood, Andrew Macalcfier, George Mathews, Daniel Onions, John Onions of Benthall, John Onions of Dawley, Thomas Carter Phillips Esquire, Elias Prejlige, Joseph Rath bone, Thomas Rowley, John Rathbone, Serjeant Roden, John Roden of Brojeley, Samuel Roden, Thomas Stephens Esquire, the Reverend Michael Stephens, John Stephens, Aaron Simpson, Thomas Turner of Caughley, John Thursfield, William Tip-ton, John Wilkinson, James H'ykc, Benjamin Wright, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as are herein after mentioned; and such Commissioners Commissioneri and their Successors are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Style of The Court of Re- constituted a quefis for the Parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Madeley, Barroiv, Linley, If illey, Little TVenlock, and Dawley, Court% and an extraparochial Place called Pofnall, in the County of Salop; and they the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to meet, a (Terrible, and hold the said Court in the Town of Brofeley, in the said County of Salop, on the first Tuesday in June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; which said Meeting shall and may be adjourned to and until that Day Fortnight, and all subsequent Meetings of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act,

shall be, and are hereby directed to beheld at Brojeley aforesaid, in a Court- house, or feme convenient Place (to be provided by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled at their first or any subsequent Meeting for that Purpose), on every Tuesday Fortnight throughout the Year; but no Court shall be held on Christmas-day, and when Christmas-day shall happen on a Tuesday, the Court shall be holden on the next preceding Day.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case seven or more of the said Commissioners appointed, or to be For Want oft elefhd by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any Day or Days appointed for Efficient Num.-holding the said Court of Requests, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Cleric of the said

Court to adjourn the same to and until the Court Day then next following, and so toties qnoties until a fuf- burned to aao-ficient Number of the said Commissioners shall be assembled for holding the said Court as aforesaid. ther Day.

III. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners hereby named and appointed, and their Successors, or power of the any seven or more of them, from Time to Time assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority by Coromflionc/s, virtue of this Act to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before

them in Manner herein after mentioned, and to give such Judgements, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such Execution thereupon with Costs, both against the Bodies, and the Goods and Chattels, of all and every the Person and Persons i>gjinft w hom they shall give or make any such Judgement, Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem just and mo ft agreeable to Equity and good Confidence: And if the Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner present, whose Name shall happen 10 stand first on the List of Commissioners directed to be kept in the Court-house, or Place where they shall meet, shall have the calling Voice.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time, and as often as it shall be neceflury, either by Elctton of the Death of any of the Commissioners herein-before particularly named, or of any of their Successors,’ or Commiifcooers, by his or their refuting or neglecting for the Space of twelve Calendar Months to a# herein, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them (in Court assembled) to dire# a Special Meeting to be held in the Town of Brofeley aforesaid, at such Time after such Death, Refusal, or Negle# shalt happen, as the said Court shall think fit (not being a Court Day); and the Commissioners assembled at such special Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall and may ele# and appoint one or more Commissioner or Commissioners in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners dying or refusing or neglecting to act; and every Commissioner so to be elected and appointed shall be, and is hereby enabled to act in the Execution of the Powers granted by this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been herein particularly named and appointed a Commissioner.

V. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Addenbrooke shall he, and is hereby constituted and appointed clerk and Ser-Clerk of the said Court of Requests; and that Guy Sturgeon shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed jeant appointed, Serjeant of the said Court of Requests; who shall respectively continue Clerk, and Serjeant of the said

Court, so long as they shall behave themselves well in their respective Offices.

VI. Provided always, That no Commissioner, nor any Person or Persons who shall keep any Vi£lual- Vi&oaller* not

ling-house, Ale-house, or other house of any publick Entertainment, or who shall (ell any Wine, Beer, tn hold any Ale, Cyder, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Place of Clerk, ^lace Profit, or any other Office 01 Place of Trust or Profit belonging to the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that the Place of Clerk or Serjeant of Election of the said Court of Requests shall become vacant either by Death, Resignation, Misbehaviour, or neglect of cie* Ser-

Vor.* XIV. Part U. C c

194

Clerk to fix up a List of the Coin* lrviTioners in the Court-hout’e, j/lue Sum-. Uionfrs, and rt-gUler Oiders.

Serjeant to Terre Pieceptl,

Terfins may sue for Debtv under 40 fi.

How Process ill all issue.

If the Debtor, on being served viih the S'*nu mons, shall pay the Del't, and Fee% all Proceedings shall ft.p.

CommifTirn'TS may regular Proceedings of the Court,

*r»4 administer OatHf.

Commissionerj, on Ntn appear-toce of L>* end-ant may proceed ex parte;

C. 37. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Duty, the Commissioners for the Time being, or any nine or more of them, shall meet together in the Court-house, or some convenient Place, as soon as may be after such Vacancy shall happen, and the major Part of the Commissioners so met are hereby authorised and required to chufc and appoint another fit Person to be Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court during his good Behaviour; and the Clerk or Serjeant so chosen and appointed shall be, and he and they is and are hereby verted with the I ke Power and Authority for putting this Act into Execution, as the Clerk or Serjeant hereby named and appointed is or are inverted with.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk herein-before named and appointed, and his Successors to be from Time to Time cholen as aforesaid, shall make, and cause to be fixed up in some conspicuous Part of the said Court of Requests, a fair and complete Pill in Writing of the Commissionrs herein-bciorc named and appointed, and to be elected and appointed in pursuance of this Act; and also shall, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to issue, or cause to be issued out, all Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Pier* p»s. and to register and enter, or cause to be registered and entered, all causes, Orders, Deciees, and Judgements, and other Acts and Proceedings of the said Courr, in proper Books, to be by him and them provided and kept from Time to Time for that Purpose: And that the Serjeant of the faio Court of Requests herein-before named and appointed, and his Successors to Te from Time to Time chosen and appointed as aforesaid, shall, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or ciufe to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform Ml Inch Acts, Matters, and Things, as are directed and appointed to be by him done and performed in pursuance of rhi: Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from ^nd after the fourth Day of ']u»e% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who now hath or have, or that hereafter (hill or may have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to forty Shillings, and exceeding two Shillings, due or owmJ> to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from an' other Person or Persons whomsoever inhabiting or redding within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of RequdT, or trading and dealing, or seeking a Livelihood therein, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court, who shall immediately make an Entry in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Name? of the Parties, and the Sum demanded; and shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons in Writing under his Hand, directed to fjch Debtor or Debtors, specifying the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the N one or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring and commanding tuch Deb or or Debtors to appear, at a certain Time and Place, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand: And the Serjeant of the said Court shall forthwith serve or cause the said Summons to be feived upon such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling H<»use or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working of such Debtor or Debtors within any of the Parishes or extraparochial Place aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make Enquiry concerning such Debt or Debt*, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgment, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall appear most just and equitable.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That in case such Debtor or Debtors, on being served with such Summons, shall forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, into the Hands of the Serjeant or the Creditor, or to his or her Agent, the Whole of the Debt due and owing, together with the Fee payable to the Clerk for jfluing such Summons, and the Serjeant for serving the lame, the Receipt of such Serjeant, Creditor, or Agent, for such Debt, shall flop all further Proceedings of the said Court against such Debtor or Debtors.

XI. And, for better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court of Requests, and rendering this Act effectual for the Purports thereby intended/ be it enacted, That the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests, or any nine or more of them in Court assembled, shall have full Power and Authority, determined by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and as often as the) shall fee Occasion, to make such Rules or Orders for better regulating the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall rtem necessary and conducive to the more effectual Execution of the Purposes of this Act; so as that the said Rules and Orders shall be confident with Equicy, and do not tend to create or establish any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, but do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said Court only; according to which Rules and Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall hive full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear and determine all Matveis of IXbe, not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings, and exceeding two Shillings, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgements and Decrees concerning the lame, and award such Costs of Suit, as to them shall appear agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

XII. And for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of all causes and ( Matters which shall be depending in the said Court of Requests/ be it tun her enacttvi. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer, or cause to be administered, an Oath or Affirmation to the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, *frd also to such Wirnds or Witneirts as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons whomsoever, whose Evidence shall to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them assembled at the said Court, appear necessary.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly summoBcd as aforesaid, shall without good Cause (to be allowed by the said Court of Requests) refuse or neglect to

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secunda Georgii 1H. C. 37. rgj

appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in such Summons, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any seven or more of them, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Ser» vice of such Summons in Manner herein-before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall seem meet.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Day of the Return of the Summons, or at any Conti- andonWon-nuation or Adjournment of the said Court of Requests, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or ap- *pp«rame or pearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it pblVt/ft may frail and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to award to lwanjCo/Uj the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay

the fame, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of Debts and Custs ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any seven or more and may award of them, shall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to Execution, and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to award Execution either against the Body

or Goods of the Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, at the Desire of the Party or Parties*

prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal to the Serjeant of the said

Court, who, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies

of such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is hereby impowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such Party or Parties (being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court),

and to convey him, her, or them, to the Gat*! or Prison to be provided at Brofeley (in Manner as herein- and commit the -

lifter mentioned) for the Purposes of this Act; there to remain until he, she, or they shall perform and obey

such Order, Decree, or Judgement, so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution

for a longer Space of Time than six Weeks; and such Serjeant, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon

Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may, and he is hereby impowered to

levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party (being within the Limits of this Act), such Sum or sums of Money and Costs as shall be so ordered and decreed; and if the Party against whole Body or Goods

such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by fe-

creting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Ef-

fedt oi such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, upon due Proof thereof made by the Oath of the Serjeant, or of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of such Party or

Parties; and Process shall issue thereupon and be executed by the Serjeant in Manner aforesaid, until the

Party or Parties, at whose Suit such Execution shall be issued out, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, Court m?yor<w shall at any Time, upon the Request and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, Debts to tc paid order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by instalments, that then, upon the inflalmcots, first Default or Fai ure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or any c*

seven or more of ihem assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Inlhnce of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, to be recovered by the fimie Proofs and in like Manner as is heiein-bcfoie provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Precept to be issued upon any Execution awarded On Execution, against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk upon iiiun g the same shall set Clerk to irrVfe down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered and decreed to be paid; and if the Party Debt and Costs. or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded, shall, before any actual Sale of his, her, or j^ecuuon^ their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is, are, or shall betaken and apprehended, or before the Exp:- b* fuycucded, iation of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay or cause to be paid, or tendered, to the Clerk of the hiu Cour of RequtffE, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his Tn uble in teceiving and paying oyer such Debts and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, and entering Acknowledgement of Satisfaction in the Book or Regift?r of the said Court for such Debts and Cods, and also the Sum of two Shillings for Goal Fees (in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison), then and in such Case and Cases the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Bodies and Goods of such Party or Parties Ora 11 be discharged and set at Liberty,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant of the said Court of Requests, who shall be cm- Serjeant furtVr-ployed tofciveor levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neglect, cause or suffer the Party, ins an E'cape, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escapew abscond, or the Goods of such Party or Par- to 6»y

ties to be carried away or secreted, so as such Execution shall not have its full Force and Effect, it shall and Colts,

may be lawful to and fi r the lain Commissioners, or any seven or more of them assembled in Court, upon CompLint and due Proof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses-, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded to the

Paity complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as are herein-

before provided for the Payment of Debts.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor of any Court whatsoever, shall No Attorney or be allowed to pl^ad or miintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement of Solicitor to plead the said Court ot Requests, or be admitted to appear in the said Court as an Attorney or Advocate in Be- P!!~

half of any Plaintiff or Defendant. *l!c*e m lhe

Cc 2 1

196

Qualification of Commissioners.

Commissioner* to be sworn.

The Oath,

Feel to be taken.

By the Clerk.

By the Serjeant.

Table of Fee* to be np in the Court /,< use.

For varying the Feci.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 37.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his acting as such he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of twenty Pounds above Reprizes* or possessed of a personal Estate of the Value of four hundred Pounds: And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall never-thelels presume to act in the Execution of this Act, the Person so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit an J pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of his Majefiy’s Courts of Record at Westminster 5 and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Piv/ccutor than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath, or Affirmation, to the following Effect; (that is to say,)

T A. B do swear (or affirm, as the Case may hr), That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, ac-4 A cording to the best of my Judgement, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, for the more e<ify and speedy Recovery offmall Debts ' within the Parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and ' Dawley, and an extraparochial Place called Pofnall, in the County of § alop, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to either Party

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Clerk of the said Court shall enter, or cause to be entered, a Memorial thereof in the Register of the said Court.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Fees herein after limited and expressed, shall be and are hereby authorised and allowed to be demanded and taken by the Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court of Requests, and their respective Successors, for their Services in the Execution of this Act; (that is to say)

To the C L E R K.

For entering every Cause, Sixpence:

For issuing every Summons, Sixpence:

For every Subpoena, Sixpence:

Fur calling every Phimiff or Defendant before the Court, Threepence:

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence:

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff', or Defendant, Threepence:

For every Order, Judgement, or Decree, Sixpence:

ForaNonfuit, Sixpence:

For every Search in the Books, Three-pence:

For paying Money imo Court, Sixpence; if by Instalm?nfs, Sixpence in the Pound more:

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Books, Sixpence:

For every Attachment, Sixpence:

For every Execution, Sixpence:

For every Warrant or Commitment for an Assault, Insult, or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commission.ers, Cleric, or other Officer of the same, one Shilling.

To the SERJEANT.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within the Town and Parish of Brcfrley or Ben-thali and attending the Court with the Return thereof, Three-pence: if out of either of the said Towns and Parishes, one Penny more for every Mile from the Court-house (the Distance to be ascertained by any seven or more of the said Commissioners):

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, one Penny:

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, agair.ft the Brdy or Goods, within the said Town and Parfth of Brtfeley or / enthail, one Shilling; if out of either of the said Towns ?nd Parishes, Three-pence more for every Mile:

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent to Prison, if apprehended within the said Town of Brofeley ox Benthaily one Shilling; and if apprehended out of the said Towns, Three-pence more for every Mile.

A Table of which Fees shall from Time to Time be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court of Requests in some conspicuous Part of the Court-house or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persons concerned may peruse and inspect the same.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall and may trom Time to Time (if they think fit), upon ten Days previous Notice given for that Purpose, and affixed on the Door of the Court-house, h ffen or reduce all or any of the Fees limited and allowed to be demanded by the Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court of Requests as aforesaid, so that the same shall not be reduced to less than one Half of the several and respective Sums herein-before particularly mentioned; and may afterwards from Time to Time {if they the said Commissioners, or any nine

or

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 37. 197

or more of them, shall think fit) upon the like Notice having been given, advance all or any of the said Fees so lessened or reduced to any Sum not exceeding the several and respective Sums hereinbefore mentioned and expressed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court of Requests for the Penalty on fak. Time being, or any Deputy or Person by either of them employed, shall take or demand any greater or ing or demand-other Fee or Reward than what is herein-before mentioned and specified for his or their Service respectively >n8*,catcr fec6< in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, nor lef&than forty Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any seven of

more of them, shall assess and impose; to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Person or Persons paying such greater Fee or Reward shall live and reside, or from whom the lame shall be demanded.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court of Requests shall be Clerk* and $rr-guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than such as are j *n's before specined and allowed to be taken, or otherwise offending in the Execution of their respective Offices, 1 ^acc that then, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath or Affirmation in open Court, the Commissioners, or the major Part of them then fitting, are hereby impowered and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned by an Advertisement, to be inferred in some publick Newspaper, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the Commissioners present at such Meeting (not being less than nine in Number) shall and may examine and consider the Matter of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that such Clerk or Serjeant has been guilty of any Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid, in his or their Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful from Time to Time to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then assembled, to dismiss or remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his and their respective Offices, and to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person to be Clerk or Serjeant in the Room and Place of the Person so dismissed or removed as aforesaid.

XXVI. And whereas it would tend to the more convenient and effectual Execution of this Act, if a For erring

proper and commodious Gaol or Prison were erected at Btojeley^ for securing such Persons as shall or may Prison at Biofe-

be liable to Confinement under the Powers herein contained: And whereas there is a certain old and ruinous Building adjoining to the Parish Workhouse, containing forty-three Feet in Length, and twenty- seven Feet in Breadth, which might conveniently be converted into a Gaol or Prison: And whereas the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Brofcley (to whom the said Building belong*)* and other principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, in Meeting assembled, have consented that the said Building, and the Site thereof, shall be assigned and conveyed to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, upon being paid the Sum of five Pounds, as a Consideration for the same Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Brofcley aforesaid, to sell and convey their Right and Interest in and to the aforesaid Building to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any seven or more of them, for and in Consideration of the Sum of five Pounds to the said Rector, Churchwardens, or Overseers, first in Hand paid; and from and after such Sale and Conveyance, and Payment of the Consideration Money, the aforesaid Building, and all Materials of which the same is built or conflfls, and the Site of such Building, shall be, and the same are hereby severally divefled out of the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Over-

seers of the Poor of the Parish of Brofeky, and their Succdfors, for ever, and veflxd in the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act; and the same shall be repaired, taken down, rebuilt, and repaired from Time to Time, out of the Fees payable to the Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court of Requests, or in such other Manner as they the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall chreft and appoint.

XXVII. Provided always, That all Minute Books, Registers, or other Books and Papers, or other Book*,

Matter or Thing of and belonging to the said Court of Requests, which shall be in the Hands or Possdfion in Com-of any Clerk or other Officer of the said Court, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be, the Pro- n)lflloneri* perty of the Commissioners of the said Court for the Time being; and in case any Clerk or other Officer

of the said Court, who shall resign or be displaced from his Office, or any Executor, Administrator, or other legal Representative of any Clerk or other Officer who shall die, shall, for the Space of four Days next after Notice in Writing finned by any seven or more of the said Commissioners, given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Clerk or other Officer, or his or their Executor, Administrator, or other legal Representative, neglect or refuse to deliver and give up all such Books and Papers, or other Matter or Thing, as shall be in his or their Custody or Possession, to such Person as the said Commissioners shall by such Notice order and appoint to receive or possess the same, he or they shall, for such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection*

Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVIII. And, in order to prevent any Delay or Obstruction which may otherwise happen to the Pro- Clerk and Ser- ceedings and Business of the said Court of Requests by the Sickness (or other Cause of Absence) of the ieant

Clerk or Serjeant,’ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk and Ser- po»nt a Deputy, jeant of the said Court for the Time being to nominate and appoint some proper Person to perform and execute the Office ef Clerk or Serjeant in his or there absence; and such Nomination or Appointment, being signed by any Seven or more of the said Commissioners (in Meeting assembled), shall be, and is hereby declared to be sufficient Power and Authority for the Person or Persons so nominated and appointed to execute the Office of Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court occasionally as aforesaid, and not otherwise; and the Clerk or Serjeant so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power to act in the Execution of the Purposes of this Act as is vested in the Clerk or Serjeant herein-before named.

3 XXIX, And T

Anno vicesim^secundo Georgii III.

198 C. 27

A.D. 1782.

Commissionert not to where interested*

Penifty ca Per-<001 iflfrliiag the Court*

Copy of preceding CUufe to be stuck up in the Court -house.

Gaoler to receive Persona committed*

Person* commitied upon Execution to be allowed id. a Day during iheil CoufibCOKftU

No Affion for Debt recorerable hj this Act to

XXIX. And foe It further enacted, That if any Commissioner of the said Court of Requests for the Time being ftul! be patty to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Person shall not be capable of acting as Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein; but after being heard in the said Cause shall withdraw from the said Court until the same is finally determined; and if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court for the Time being shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Cleric or Serjeant shall not exercise his or their Office or Offices in the Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto; but such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively in his or their Place or Stead, shall be, and is or are hereby veiled with full Power and Authority to execute the Office of Clerk or Serjeant in all Things relating to such Cause.

XXX. And, for better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be made by the said Commissioners, and vesting the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests with proper Power and Au-1 thority to punish any Insult or Abuse offered themselves, or the Officers of the said Court,' be it enacted, That it any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the Commissioners or Officers of the said Court of Requests for the Time being, during their fitting in the said Court, or in going to or returning from the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or at any Time affront, insult, or abuse, hinder, or obftuft, or attempt or ihreaten to hinder or obstruct any Officer of the said Court in the Execution of his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them then fitting (or if not then fitting, at the then next Court to be then after held), to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court, directing the Serjeant to apprehend and take, or cause the Person or Persons so offending to be apprehended and taken, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing within the Limits of this Act, and acting within the same; and upon the Fact alledged against him being proved by the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby impowered and required to punish the Person or Persons so offending by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor leJs thap five Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be applied; and if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine or Fines in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his and their Hand and S*al or Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, or to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Gaol or Prison of Brofcley, there to remain for any Space of Time, not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they shall have paid the said Fine.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Court of Requests for the Time being shall fix up, or cause to be fixed up, from Time to Time, in some publick Part of the Court-house, or other Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons (hill or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper for the Time being of the Gaol or Prison at Brofcley shall and may, and he is hereby impoweted, required, and commanded, to receive and take into Custody all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered 10 stand committed, by any seven or more of the said Commissioners in Court assembled, or by virtue of any Warranty Attachment, Execution, or other Process issuing out of the said Court of Requests; and in case the Keeper of such Gaol or Prison shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or shall (before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his Custody) discharge, or wilfully permit or stiffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant, Order, or Authority for that Purpose in Writing,* signed by seven of the said Co:ti-fniffiuners in Court assembled, every Keeper offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before one or more of his lYLjffy’s Justices of the Peace rtTiding within the Limits of this Act, orafting in the same, upon the (Jath or Affirmation of ore or more credible Witness or Witnessfs, or on his own Confeffi-»n, (hill forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum ir>t exceeding five Pounds, nor less than f rty Shillings at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; and such Sum shaft be immediately paid by the Person so offending into the Hands of the Justice or Justices befh'c whom he shall be convicted, or in Default thereof (half and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Oftc nder’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; which said Forfeiture, when paid or levied, dull be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are diiefted to be applied.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall be committed to Prison, by virtue of any Execution or Process issued in nurfuance of this Act, for the Recovery of any Debt or Costs, the Person or Persons, at whole Suit such Execution or Process (h ill issue, shall pay and aftow to the Person committed the Sum of Two-pence a Day, for every IXy he or she shall continue in Prison, upon the same Execution or Process, towards his or her Subsistence; the same to be paid to th? Keeper of the said Prison, or left at his House, for the Use of the Person (o committed: And in case -.nv IXfault shall be m *de in the Payment of the said Sun of‘Two-pence a Day for any one <r mnrr- Diy r Days, and due Proof on Oath of such Default shall be made to the Satisfaction of any Justice of the Peace, f'Tiding and acting within the Limits of this Act fwhi is hereby authorised and irnpo.vrred to admini/frer such Oath), that then it shall be lawful for the said Justice to order and direct such Pnioner to be f rhwirh fee at Liberty; and such Per fen (XII thereupon be discharged from the Payment of the Mon 7 for which he or she shall have been so Committed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit for any Debt, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and exceeding two Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of

Requests,

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 37. 199

Requests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons rrfiding or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction

thereof, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster \ and no Suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any other Court whatsoever; but the Judgements, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and in case any such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other Court (except in the Court of Record held and kept for the Town and Liberties of IVenlock, or of any Courts Baron ormanerial Courts within the several Parishes of Brofeley, Bentball, Madeity, Barrow, Linley, IVillcy, Little IVenlock, and Dawiey aforesaid), and it shall appear to the Judge or Judges of such Court that the Debt to be recovered by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs doth not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings, and doth exceed two Shillings, that then such Judge or Judges shall award so much ordinary Costs to be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's to the Defendant or Defendants, as such Defendant or Defendants shall prove in Court to have really and bona fide expended in the Defence of such Action or Suit.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any Will or Testament, or concerning Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for Money won at, or by Means of any Hcrfe-race, Cock-match, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt contracted on a Sunday (except in Physick or Surgery, or Cases of absolute Necessity); nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contract, Acknowledgement, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the same, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons making Oath, or giving Evidence, in any Caule or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of Requests, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convi#ed according to Law, such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any^jther Person or Persons convi#ed of wilful and corrupt Per-jvry is or are liable or shall be subject to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person residing within the Limits of this Act, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons iflfued out of the said Court of Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time or Place therein mentioned, and due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence be shewn or assigned to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court whereat such Person was, by such Subpeena or Summons, required to appear, and Oath or Affirmation shall be made before the said Commissioners, by the Party at whose Instanee and on whose Behalf such Subpeena or Summons issued, that the Person served therewith was a material Witness in Behalf of such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them assembled in Court, to impose or lay a Fine, not exceeding fifty Shillings nor less than five Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party at whose Instanee such Subpeena or Summons HTued.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Judgement, Order or Decree, Nomination, Warrant, Summons, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Commissioner or Commissioners, or any Officer or Officers of the said Court of Requests, or exhibited before them, or either of them, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to alter, change, take away, annul, or prejudice, an ancient Court of Record held at Much IVenlock, or any manenal Rights, Privileges, Franchises, or Jurisdictions to the same belonging, or to the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Wenlock, or of any other Manor within the several Parishes of Brcfdey, Bentball, Madeley, Barrow., Linley* IVillcy, Little IVenlock, and Dawley aforesaid, for the Time being; but that the same shall be, remain, and continue in as full and ample Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person against whom such Action or Suit shall be intended to be brought (specifying in such Notice the particular Cause of Action), or afrer sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or unless such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Salop, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General I fine, and g;ve this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of twenty Days after such Notice shall have been given, or after Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place, then, and in either of the said cases, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdi#, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or dtfeontinue such Action or Suit, or if, upon a Verdi# or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against (he Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Delendant or Defendants shall and may iccover

Treble

be brought in any other Court;

To what Debts this Act ftuli not ettend.

Penalty for wil» ful Perjury.

Penalty on drf-

obeying the Subfxraas of the Court.

Writings to be without Stamps.

Nothing in this Act to affect the Court of Record at Wenlock.

Limitation of Actions.

General issue*

200

[Publick Act.]

Treble Colli.

[Preamble.]

Recital of to Geo. III.

c*p* JJ.

Prom June 14, 178*. during the present Hof-tilities, British Plantation To* Wco may be imported from any neutral Port in America or in Europe,

[Preamble.]

From June 21, 1782, the following additional ant) other Dunes on Salt to be raid to his Majesty, viz.

For every Gallon of Foreign Salt, on Imporf-aiio, ad. 2 q.i

For every Gallon of Salt and Rock Salt* made.

C. 38, 39. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Treble Costs, and shall have such other Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in any other Case by Law.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to permit the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any Port or Place either in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe, during the present Hostilities.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign (inti- luled, An Act to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Rcjh idiom, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present HojiilitiesJ, it is, amongst other T hings, enacted, That any Tobacco, being the Growth or Produce of any Part of the British Dominions in America, which, during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, should be bona fide imported into and landed at any British Island in the Hejl Indies, from any Island or Place in America, or the West Indies, in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, shall and may be imported directly from such British) Island, and shall and may be entered and landed in this Kingdom, upon the Payment of the proper Duties due thereon, under the Restrictions in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of such To-9 bacco into Great Britain directly from any Port or Place in Amity with his Majesty, either in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ei^hty-two, and during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, it shall and may be lawful for any Person to import into Great Britain, in any British Ship or Vessel duly navigated, or in any neutral Ship or Vessel, any Tobacco of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in America, directly from any Island, Port, or Place, in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe, in Amity with his M jjrfty, his Heirs, or Successors; and such Tobacco shall and may be entered and landed in any Part of Great Britain, upon Payment of the same Duties as would be due and payable for the same, if such Tobacco had been imported from any British lflmd or Place in America, not being the Island or Place of the Growth of such Tobacco, although the same shall not be accompanied with any Manifest, Certificate, or other Document, required by the said recited Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force: And such Tobacco shall, in all other Respects not altered by this Act, be subject and liable to the same Securities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Tobacco would be subject and liable to, if the same had been imported directly from any British Colony or Plantation in America; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Lands.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties on Salt already rated to your Majesty; and also the several Rates and Duties on Salt, commonly called Glauber or Epsom Salts, and on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, to be made frorr. S ilt, hereafter mentioned ;’ and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twcmty-ftcond Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Salt already rated, over and above the Rates and Duties now due or payable thereon by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, the several additional Rates and Duties, and also for and upon all Salts called Glauber or Epsom Salt, and Alkali or Flux for Glass, made from Salt, Brine or Sea Water, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Salt not being the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, that shall be imported, from and after the said twenty-second Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eigbey-two, into any Paitof Great Britain, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer or Importers thereof; and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity:

For every Gallon of Salt, and Rock Salt, that, from and after the said twenty-second Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made at any Salt Works, or be taken out of any

201

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 39.

Pk or Pits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town rvof Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of one Penny Farthing of like lawful Money \ and after that Rate for a greater or letter Quantity:

For every Bushel of Salt that, from and after the said twenty-second Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made at any Salt Works, or betaken out of any Pit or Pits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Three-pence of like lawful Money 5 and after that Rate for a greater or letter Quantity *:

For every Bushel of Salt that, from and after the said twenty-second Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be imported from Scotland into England, Wales, or Town of Tweed, the Sum of Seven-pence of like lawful Money; and afier that Rate for a greater or leiler Quantity, to be paid by the Importer or Importers thereof:

For every hundred Weight of all Salts known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, made at any Salt Works in Great Britain, which, from and after the said twenty-second Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made or produced at any Salt Work within the Kingdom of Great Britain, the Sum of twenty Shillings of like lawful Money; and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity:

And for every Ton of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, which, from and after the said twenty-second Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made of any Rock Salt or Salt Rock, or from any Brine or SeaWater, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and also in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of twenty Shillings of like lawful Money; and after that Rate for a greater or letter Quantity, to be paid by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Manufacturer or Manufacturers, of such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass.

Ac in England or \WAcs, I d, iq:

For every Bi ftiel of Salt mane, &r. in Scotland, 3<L

»nd imported from Sc l Jjnd inro England,

7 d. s

For every Hundred Wc. of Glauber Sale* ma 1c in Great Britain, 10?.

For every Ton of Mineral Alkali, made of Rock Sa r, &c. in Great Britain, so s.

Which said several and respective additional and other Rates and Duties herein-before granted, shall and may, from Time to Time, be changed, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, lectired, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Allowances, Repayments, Drawbacks, Rules, Regulations, and Directions, in all Respects (not otherwise directed by this Act), as the present Duties on Salt are or can by any Law or Statute now in Force be charged, raised, received, levied3 collected, recovered, secured, and paid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the several and respective Powers, Authorities, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, Powers of Recovery, and Mitigation of Penalties, Forfeitures, and F'ines, Allowances, Repayments, Drawbacks, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons in Great Britain to take Rock Salt or Salt Rock, from any Rock Pit, or to take any Brine or Sea Water for the Purpose of making a Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass upon giving Security in Double the Duty of such Salt Rock or Rock Salt, Brine or Sea Water; such Security to be riifcharged upon the Proprietor or Manufacturer, or his Agent, making Oath before a neighbouring Justice of Peace, that all the said Salt, for which such Bond or Bonds were given, were made use of in making such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, and for no other Purpose whatsoever, and the Officer at the same Time certifying his Belief thereof; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever shall obtain, receive, or have any such Salt, Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass therefrom, unless such Person or Persons shall have firiFobtained a Licence from the Commidloners of the Salt Duties, or Persons properly appointed or authorised by them for granting such Licences for making of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, to be made from such Salt Rock or Rock Salt, or from Brine or Sea Water, as aforesaid, or from any other Materials whatever, and shall pay for such Licence the Sum of five Pounds of like lawful Money; and which Licence, upon Payment thereof, the said Commissioners, or those appointed under them lor that Purpose, are hereby impowered and required to grant accordingly (unless they shall see just Cause to the contrary); and also lluil and do deliver in to such Commissioners, or at the Salt Office next to the Place or Places where the said Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass is intended to be made by such Person or Persons respectively, or to their respective Places of Habitation, a true and particular Entry in Writing, under his or their respective Hands, containing the particular Situation of the Place or Places, wherein not only the said Mineral Alkali is to be manufactured, but al;o where the same, and the Rock Salt or Salt Rock, Brine or Sea Water, from which the same is to be made, shall be kept, (tored, or depofned; and also of every Storehouse, Warehouse, and other Place, to be in any wise used in or about the manufacturing of such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass: And if any Person shall nuke or manufacture any Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, without first taking out such Licence as aforesaid, every such Person dial], for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; ami that every Person or Persons, who shall take out such Licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence ten Days at lead before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months from taking out the first Licence, before he, she, or they, do presume to make, vend, or use any Rock Salt or Salt Rock, from any Reck Pit, or to take any Hrine or Sea Water for the Purpose of making a Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, or to make any Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass from Rock Salt or Salt Rock, Brine or Sea Water, or from any other Materials whatever, and in the same Manner to renew every such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the like Sum of five Pounds for each and every new or renewed Licence, in Manner before mentioned; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the twenty-second Day of June, one thousand Even hundred and eighty-iwo, presume to make any Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, or to make, vend, or use, any Rock Salt or Salt Rock, from any Rock Pit, or to to take any Brine or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making a Mineral Alkali or F lux for Glass, without first taking out such Licence, Vol. XIV. Part II. D d ^and

New Dutiei to

be lev ed and

recovered, &c.

in such Manner at the cld Duties*

No Person to take Rock Sale, Brine, &c. for making a Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, without a Li-

5 1. to be piid irr the 1-iccn c, and an En'ry to be ro_<h of the 1*1 ice ;\ here the Mineral Alkali i* 10 be manufactured, and the Rick Silt, &c. d.pofi.fcj.

Penalty on ma-nufjfluiing Mineral Alkali without taking out a Licence and annually renewing ihc fame.

" °gl(

202

Sa!t Rode, Sec* not to de delivered for making Mineral Alkali, 6cc. except in the Pretence of a proper Of* Jicer.

Officer to wake an Entry of the Quantity of Salt to delivered. Sec.

C. 39.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 178*.

Who shall be answerable for any Deficiency in the Quantity of Salt brought to any AikaJi Work*.

Penalty on Pfr-

ior.s who shall make use of fucR S«h fc r any o’her lot pfe after rraking Mineral A.kali or Flux for CUft j

or who ftiill

lalfcly procure inch Silt to be delivered to them for any other than making the l»id Mineral Alkali.

Officers may enter into the Warehouses, &c. of the Manufacturers of such Mineral Alkali. Penalty on Re fusa 1,

This Act not to enteud t*> certain Guuler Salts j

iKr to the Ma-nofacture of Kr'p, See. mad* in Great Britain by the Inc in-rat, on of Plants,

and renewing the same yearly, in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the

Sum of five hundred Pounds for each Offence.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Salt Rock or Rock Salt, as aforesaid, shall be delivered at any of the Works or Pits, from which the same shall arise or be produced, for the Purpose or under any Pretext of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass therefrom. Or shall be afterwards delivered at such Woikor Works, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, or stored or deposited in any Warehouse, Store, or Place, belonging thereto, or used therewith, but in the Presence of some Officer of Suit Duties attending at, or residing nearest to such Salt Works or Pits, or Alkali Work or Works respectively, as aforesaid; and who shall respectively make and keep an Entry in Writing, containing the true or real Weight or Quantity of the Salt io delivered at such Salt Works or Pits, and brought in or delivered to or at such Alkali Works as aforesaid, together with the Day on which the same shall be so delivered at such Salt Works or Pits, and brought into, or delivered at such Alkali Work or Works respectively, as aforesaid; and which Entry, so to be made at such Salt Works or Pits as aforesaid, shall a! so contain the Name of the Per fun to whom the Salt therein contained was delivered, and for the Use of what Work or Works for the making of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, and to whom belonging; and that a Duplicate thereof, signed by the Officer making the same, shall be produced and delivered to the Officer attending at such Alkali Work or Works, at the Time the Salt therein contained shall be brought in to be theie used, stored, or depolued.

IV. 'And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Salt so to be brought in to be used, stored, or deposited, at any such Work or Works, for the making of such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, shall be of less Weight or Quantity than that contained in the Entry thereof at such Salt Work or Salt Pits, at the Time of the Delivery thereof there as aforesaid, the Person or Persons to whose Use or on whose Account the Paid Salt was so delivered, at such Salt Works or Pits as aforesaid, shall be answerable for the same.

V. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in case any Person or Persons, to whom or on whose Use or Account any such Salt shall be delivered at any such Salt Works or Pits secured as aforesaid, shall use the same, or any Part thereof, or any acid Materials to be produced therefrom, after being used in the making of such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass as aforesaid, for any other Purpose than that of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, the Person or Persons to offending in the Picoiifcs shall, upon Conviction thereof, forfeit or pay, for the Salt or acid Materials so to be used for any other Purpose as aforesaid, at or after the Rate of double the Rates or Duties imposed by this present Act, or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, on Rock Salt or Salt Rock delivered at or from any Works or Pits in Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons whomsoever shall, under any false or colourable Pretext whatsoever, procure any such Salt to be delivered to him or them, at any such Salt Works or Pits as aforesaid, and otherwise than for the Purpose of being used in the making of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, and shall be convicted thereof, the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every Bushel so obtained.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That k shall and may be lawful for the several Officers of the said Salt Duties to enter into all and every the Works, Warehouses, and other Places made use of by any Proprietor or Manufacturer of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, made from Rock Sait, Salt Rock, Brine, or Sea Water, as aforesaid, either for the Purpose of storing or keeping the same, or of storing or keeping any Salt, Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose or under Colour of making the same; and that if any such Proprietor or Manufacturer that, from and after the said twenty-second Day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, upon due Request or Demand made by the Offi ers for the said Duties, in the Day-time, or in the Night, in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace, refuse to permit such Officer to enter and come into any such Works, Ware-houses, Storehouses, and other Places, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Pounds.

VIII. Provided always, 3nd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay or impose any Duty on such Glauber Salts as shall be made or produced in any of the Processes of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, as aforesaid, and which Glauber Salts shall be truly and bond fide expended and consumed in making such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act llyll extend, or be construed to extend, to the Manufacture of Kelp, Barilla, or Flux for Glass, made in any Port of Great Britain, by the Incineration of Marine or any other Plants.

New Put fS to

he paid into ;he Exchequer fepa-r.i<e from all o'lie/ Duties, and emeted accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the said several additional Rates and Duties, herein-before by this Act granted, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer by the respective Commissioners for the Duties on Sait in England and Scotland for the Time being, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the present Duties on Salt by any Paw now in Forte directcJ to be paid (the necessary Charges of railing, collecting, and accounting for the same, being deduded), for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, distinct and apart from all other Monies which such Commissioners respectively shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the aforesaid Rates and Duties, and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from the other

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 40. 203

Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and tfye Application said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, thcrco* Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

XI. And whereas by an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, all foul P*rt of an Act

Salt, called by the several Names of Grey or Scrow Salty Salt Scale> Sand Scale, or Cruflings, or other foul of .8

Salt produced in the manufacturing of white Salt, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of IFales, rccKcd%

and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and to be used in the manuring of Land, (lands charged with a Duty

of Four-pence a Bushel only, for the Encouragement of Agriculture j and all Persons are thereby re-4 (trained, under a certain Penalty therein mentioned, from employing, or using or consuming such foul Salt for any other Purposes whatsoever than that of manuring of Land: And whereas, notwithstanding the Reftiiftion in the said Act, Abuses are committed contrary to the Intent and Meaning thereof;* therefore, for the better and more eft’eftually preventing any such Abuses for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Grey or Serov/ Salt, Salt Scale, Sand Scale, or Crufting% or other foul Junc(’*

Salt whatsoever, produced snd to be produced at any of the Salt Works within the Kingdom of England, IJ scrow s Jrf Dominion of /Vales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from the manufacturing of such white Salt as uc. produrpd It aforesaid, upon, and from and after the twenty-second Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and any Sait W>rki eighty-two, shall be removed or carried away from the Works where the same shall be produced, without in En*,3nJ from Notice first given to the Officer attending such Works, or wuo shall reside nearest thereto; and without the having been lirft well and sufficiently mixed, in the Presence of such Officer, at the Expence and Charge br%-

of the Purchaser or Purchasers, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, with common Chimney Coal Soot, moved from the in the Proportion of two Bushels of Soot to one hundred Bushtls of such Salt; and that if any Person or ftjd Works Persons shall presume to remove or carry away such foul Salt from the said Works, without having been so *,tllc, ut Kmn& mixed with Soot as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and p.iy the Sum of p^offic^r twenty Shillings for every Buftiel of such foul Salt; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and without being" Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same; nrxed with and to be recovered and levied in such Manner and Form, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Ac.

Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty, is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Ac- Penalty,

ction of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Pfrf, ns for

Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in «cut,r? th s

[Treble Costs.]

pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons the ’General* shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence; iiruc/ and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfuiied, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or and recover them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XL.

An Act for punishing Persons wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of two Acts made in the twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Punishment of Persons destroying any Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for, or used therein.

WHEREAS many Violences and Outrages have been frequently committed by wicked and Prfaar^f* ill-disposed Persons, in destroying the Manufactures of Wool, Silk, Linen, and Cotton, and the Materials, Tools, Tackle, and other Utensils prepared for or used therein: And whereas, for the Prevention of such Violences and Outrages for the future, it is necessary exemplary Punishment should be inflicted upon such Offenders:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, by Day or by Night, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with Intent to cut or destroy any Serge or other Woollen Goods in the Loom, or any Tools employed in making thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any such Serges or Woollen Goods in the Loom, or on the Rack; or shall burn, cut, or destroy, any Rack on which any such Serges or other Woollen Goods are hanged in order to dry; or shall wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any Tools used in the making any such Serges or other Woollen Goods, not having the Consent of the Owner so to do; every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, by Day or by Night, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with ntent to cut or destroy any Velvet, wrought Silk, or bilk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Manufacture, in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or

Person* entering by Force into any House with Intent to cut or destroy any Woollen G<cds, or Tools used in manufiduring thereof,

or any Silk Goods, or Tool* used in manu* figuring thereof, shall be

204

deernrl guilty of Felony.

Persons entering any House by Force, with Inten: to cut or destroy any Linen cr Cotton Manufacture*, See. tfuli be deemed guilty of Felony,

Part of 12 Geo. I. Cap. 34, repealed.

Part of 6 Geo. III. Cap. ag, repealed.

C. 41. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

destroy any Velvet, wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Manufacture, in the Loom, or any Warpor Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, prepared or employed in or for the making thereof; or shall wilfully and mtticioully break or destroy any Tools, Tackle, nr Utensils, used in or for the weaving or making of any such Velvet, wrought bilks, or Silks mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Goods or Silk Manufacture, not having the Con lent of the Owner lb to do; every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons n.ull, by Day or by Night, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with intent 10 cut and destroy any Linen or Cotton, or Linen and Cotton mi>cd with any other Mattiials, or otfur Linen or Cotton Manufactures, in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, and Utenlifi; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any Linen or Cotton, or Linen or Cotton mixed wi;h any other Materials, or other Linen and Cotton Manufacture, in the Loom, or any Warp or Sliuie, Fools, Tackle, and Utensils, prepared for or employed in the making thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously break and destroy any Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, used in or for the carding, spinning, weaving, preparing, or making, in any Way whatever, any such Lmcn or Cotton, or Linen or Cotton mixed with any other Materials, or other Linen and Cotton Goods, or Linen and Cotton Manufactures whatsoever, not having the Content of the Owner so to do; every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guihy of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufathircs, and for better Payment of their IIages, as ida;es to the Punishment of Persons who shall, by Day or by Night, break into any Hnufe or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with Intent to cut or destroy any Serge or other Woollen Goods in the Loom, or any Tools employed in the making thereof; or shall wilfully and milicioufiy cut or destroy any such Serges or Woollen Goods in the Loom or on the Rack; or shall burn, cut, or destroy, any Rack oil which any such Serges or other Woollen Goods are hanged in order to dry; or (htti wilfully and malici-oufty break or destroy any 'Fools used in the making any such Serges or other Woollen Goods, not having the Consent of the Owner so to do; shall be, and is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hi ought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time \ and for preventing unlawful Combinations of lly'or knun employed in the Silk Manufacture, as relates to the Punishment of Persons who (lull, by Day or by Night, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with Intent to cut or destroy any Velvet, wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk M inufadiure, in the Loom, or any Waip or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils; or shall wilfully and milicioufiy cut or destroy any Velvet, wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Manufacture, in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, prepared or employed m or for the making thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, used in or for the weaving or making any such Velvet, wrought Silks, or Silks mixed with any other Materials, or other bilk Goods or Silk Manufacture, not having the Confine of the Owner so to do, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

---

CAP. XLI.

An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of his Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections.

[Preamble.]

FOR the better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From Aug. 1, 1782, no Commissioner or Officer employed in collecting or managing the Duties of Excise, Customs, &c. shall have any Vote in the Election of Members of Parliament.]

That, from and after the First Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no Commissioner, Collector, Supervisor, Gauger, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the Duties of Excise, or any Branch or Part thereof; nor any Commissioner, Collector, Comptroller, Searcher, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the Customs, or any Branch or Part thereof; nor any Commissioner, Officer, or other Person concerned or employed in collecting, receiving, or managing, any of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, nor any Person appointed by the Commissioners for distributing of Stamps; nor any Commissioner, Officer, or other Person employed in collecting, levying, or managing, any of the Duties on Salt; nor any Surveyor, Collector, Comptroller, Inspector, Officer, or other Person employed in collecting, managing, or receiving, the Duties on Windows or Houses; nor any Postmaster, Postmasters General, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or any Person employed by or under him or them in receiving, collecting, or managing, the Revenue of the Post-office, or any Part thereof, nor any Captain, Master, or Mate, of any Ship, Packet, or other Vessel, employed by or under the Postmaster or Postmaster General in conveying the Mail to and from foreign Ports, shall be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of any Knight of the Shire, Commissioner, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron, to serve in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, or Cinque Port, or for chusing any Delegate in whom the Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, is vested:

[Penalty on Persons voting who are disqualified by this Act.]

And if any Person, hereby made incapable of voting as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to give his Vote, during the Time he shall hold, or within twelve Calendar

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 42 - 45. 205

Months after he shall cease to hold or execute any of the Offices aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Votes so given shall be held null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to be immediately paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, within which such Offence shall have been committed, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and into the Hands of the Clerk of the Justices of the Peace of the Counties or Stewartries, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be applied and disposed of to such Purposes as the Justices at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for such County, Stewartry, Riding, or Division, shall think fit; to be recovered, by any Person that shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; or by summary Complaint before the Court of Session in Scotland; and the Person convicted on any such Suit shall thereby become disabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever under his Majesty his Heirs and Successors.

[Not to extend to Commissioners of the Land Tax, or Persons acting under them;]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person or Persons for or by reason of his or their being a Commissioner or Commissioners of the Land Tax, or for or by reason of his or their acting by or under the Appointment of such Commissioners of the Land Tax, for the Purpose of assessing, levying, collecting, receiving, or managing the Land Tax, or any other Rates or Duties already granted or imposed, or which shall hereafter be granted or imposed, by Authority of Parliament.

[nor to Offices held by Letters Patentfor any Estate of Inheritance;]

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Office now held, or usually granted to be held, by Letters Patent for any Estate of Inheritance or Freehold.

[nor to Persons who shall resign their Offices before Aug. 1, 1782.]

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Person who shall resign his Office or Employment on or before the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

[Limitation of Actions.]

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty by this Act laid or imposed, unless Prosecution be commenced within twelve Months after such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for building a Stone Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of Kew, in the County of Surrey.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for making a Passage for Carriages from Spitalfields to Bishopsgate-street, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving the same; and for appropriating to those Purposes the Money arisen by virtue of an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for applying the Sum of nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Orphans Fund, for making such Passage.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for amending the Pavement in, and for lighting some of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Places, in the Parishes of Saint Magaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, which are at present excluded from the Provisions of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the same; and for making an Opening from Orchard Street, and widening some Part of Wood Street, and of Little Peter Street.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for restraining any Person concerned in any Contract, Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected, or sitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

[Preamble.]

---

FOR further seeming the Freedom a’ffi Independence of Parliament, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent ALjrffiy, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and persons h fein after the End of this present Session of Parliament, any Person who shall, directly or indirectly, himself, contra as for' "he or by any Person whatsoever in Trull for him, or for his Use or Benefit, or on his Account, undertake, Publick service, execute, hold, or enjoy, in the Whole or in Part, any Contract, Agre ment, or Commission, made or cntere4d into with, under, or from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or of the Navy or Victualling Office, or with the Mailer General or Board of Ordnance, or ’with any one or more of such Commissioners, or with any other Person or Persons whatsoever, for or on account of the Publick Service or shall knowingly and willingly furnlfhor provide, in pursuance of any such Agreement, Contraft, or Commission, which he or they shall have made or entered into as aforesaid, any Money to be remitted abroad.

After thr End of this Sr Ifj n, alt

shall be nca-ptble of bi-in% eledei, or fitting »n -h*

House of Co.ti-

moDt.

C. 45.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Any Member accepting a t'on-tiact, ur continuing U* hold any Contrail after ihc Commeruenient of the next Session, h s Scat shall be void.

Not to extend to iocorpoat'd trading Compa-nie».

Not to Mt‘end to

Coutiatts already made for erne Year.

Clause rela'ive

to Controls

vi’I »ch are net to expire until a Year’s No.ice be given.

Not to extend to Contracts by Dclc-.nt, &:c. in.til after It Months Foll'ef-'fion.

Member! bolding Contrails may be difehar-grd thercfiom on giving 12 Monihs Notice.

Cf«nfe relative to Pa1 enters f ir f.tw Inventions.

If any Person hereby diitju.Ii-6- q shall be e cted, such liection shall be void.

Disabled Personi vho shall fit in the House of Common* after lb b Srftion, shall for frit 5001. for ach Day.

A Condition to be inferred in all pub! ck Contracts, tiut no Member of the House of Commons shall have any Share thereof.

Penalty on Con-tradois who shall admit any Member of the House of Com-«}oas to any

or any Wares or Merchandize to be used or employed in the Service of the Publick, Avail be incapable of b:ipo ehded, or of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons, during the Time that he fn dl execute, hold, or enjoy, any (u.:h Contract, Agreement, or Commission, or any Part or Share thereof, or 3*>y Benefit or Emolument arising from the same.

II. And be i: luuher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, shall J.redly or indncctly, Ivmldf, or by any other Person whatsoever in Trutt for him, or for his Life or Bern fit, or on his Account, eiver into, accept of, agree for, undertake, or execute, in the Whole or in Part, any such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, as aforesaid; or if any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, and having already entered into any such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, or Part or Share of any such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, by himself, or by 3ny other Person whatsoever in Trust for him, or for his Use or Benefit, or upon his Account, (had, 2fter the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, continue to hold, execute, or enjoy the same, (r any Part thereof, the Scat of every such Person in the House of Commons shall be, and is hereby declared to be void-

III. Provided 3! ways, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Contract, Agreement, or Commission, made, entered into, cr accepted, by any incorporated trading Company in its corporate Capacity, nor tej any Company now exiting or established and confining of more than ten Persons, where such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, shall be made, entered into, or accepted, for the general Benefit of such Incorporation or Company.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to any Contract, Agreement, or Commission, made, entered into, or accepted, before the passing of this Act, the Term whereof will expire in the Space of one Year from the Time of making thereof.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Contract, Agreement, or Commission, has been made, entcied into, or accepted, with a Provision that the same Hull continue until a Year's Notice be given of the intended Diflblution thereof, the same shall not disable any Person from fitting and voting in Parliament until one Year after the said Notice shall be actually given for the Determination of the UiJ Contract, Agreement, or Commission, or till after twelve Calendar Months, to be computed from the Time of passing this Act.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained firal! extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person on whom, after the passing of this.Ad, the Completion of any Contract, Agreement, or Commission, shall devolve by Descent or Limitation, -or by Marriage, or as Dovifee, Legatee, Executor, or Administrator, until twelve Calendar Months after he shall have been in Fofiefijon of the Lme.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Person who is now a Member of the House of Commons, and holds and enjoys any such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, as aforesaid, may be discharged from the Execution thereof on giving twelve Months Notice to the Person or Persons with or from whom such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, is made, entered into, or accepted, of his Desire that the same shall cede and determine; and such Contradf, Agreement, or Commission, after the Expiration of the Term aforesaid, shall be null and void.

VIII. Provided also, That if any Petfort ;»duai!y prffi:fil'd of a Patent for a new Invention, or a Prolongation thereof by Act of Parliament, and having contracted with Government concerning the Object of the fai l Patent before the passing of this Act, shall give Notice of his Intention to dillolve the said Contract, the same shall be null and void from the Time of giving such Notice.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person hereby disabled, or declared to be incapable to fir or vote in Parliament, shall nevertheless he returned as a Member to serve for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, Cinque Porr, or Place, in Parliament, such Election and Return are hereby enacted and declared to be void: And if any Person, disabled and declared incapable by this Act to be elected, shall, after the End of this pieLnt Session of Parliament, presume to fit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons, such Person so fitting or voting shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds for every Day in which he shall fit or vote in the said House, to any Person or Persons who shall fuc.for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster; and the Money so forfeited shall be recovered determined by the Person or Persons so suing, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the said Courts, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; or by summary Complaint before the Court ot Session iit Scotland5 and every Person, agJnft whom any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered by vir-tueof this Act, shall be from thenceforth incapable of taking or holding any Contract, Agreement, or Commission, for the Publick Service, or any Share thereof, or any Bene.it or Emolument from the same, in any Manner whatsoever.

X. And be it enacted, That in every such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, to be made, entered into, or acccpred, as aforesaid, there shall be inserted an express Condition, that no Member of the House of Commons be admitted to any Share or Part of such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, or to any Benefit to arise therefrom: And that in case any Person or Persons who hath or have entered into or accepted, or who shall enter into or accept, any such Contract, Agreement, or Comrmilion, shall admit any Member or Members of the House of Commons to any Part or Share thereof, or ro receive any Benefit thereby, all and every such Person and Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of his iVLjefiv’s Courts of Record at WeJhntn/lcr, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by any Action of D -bt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; or by summary Complaint before the Court of Session in Scotland

Sfcare of their Contra&r.

---

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 46, 47. 207

[Limitation of Actions.]

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty inflicted by this Act, unless a Prosecution shall be commenced within twelve Calendar Months after such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with certain Colonies in North America therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is essential to the interests, welfare, and prosperity of Great Britain, and of the colonies or plantations of New Hampshire, Massachusets Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and George in North America, that peace, intercourse, trade and commerce, should be restored between them: Wherefore, and for a full Manifestation of the earnest Wish and Desire of his Majesty and his Parliament to put an End to the Calamities of War,' be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[His Majesty impowered to conclude a Peace of Truce with the Colonies in North America;]

That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to treat, consult of, agree, and conclude, with any Commissioner or Commissioners, named or to be named by the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them respectively, or with any Body or Bodies Corporate or Politick, or any Assembly or Assemblies, or Description of Men, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, a Peace or a Truce with the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; any Law, Act or Acts of Parliament, Matter, or Thing, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[and, for that Purpose, to repeal, or to suspend the Operation of any Acts so far as they relate to the said Colonies.]

II. And, in order to obviate any Impediment, Obstacle, or Delay, to the carrying the Intentions of his Majesty and his Parliament into Effect, which might arise from any Act or Acts of Parliament affecting or relating to the said Colonies or Plantations, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the concluding and establishing of a Peace or Truce with the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, his Majesty shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, by his Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to repeal, annul, and make void, or to suspend, for any Time or Times, the Operation and Effect of any Act or Acts of Parliament which relate to the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, so far as the same do relate to them, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Clause, Provision, or Matter therein contained so far as such Clauses, Provisions, or Matters relate to the said Colonies, or Plantations, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof.

[Continuance of this Act.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, as to the Exercise of the Powers and Authorities hereby given to his Majesty, shall continue to be in full Force until the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets.

---

WHEREAS all Lotteries, except such as are permitted by Act of Parliament, are contrary to Law, and punishable under various Statutes of this Realm: And whereas, to prevent the Abuse of such Lotteries as for the Time being are established by Act of Parliament, it is fit that there should be a permanent Regulation, both of the Keepers of Lottery Offices, and of the Sale of Lottery Tickets:

And whereas it is become a common Practice in London, and other Places of Great Britain, to have Of- ces for selling Tickets in Lotteries established in Ireland, by Irish Acts of Parliament: And whereas it is thought expedient to allow of the selling such Irish Tickets within Great Britain, on the Terms of hav- ing the Sale of them under the same Regulations as are herein after appointed for Tickets in Lotteries. 4 established by Britiff) Acts of Parliament*/ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to buy and sell, within all Parts of Great Britain (except with.n the Univer-fmes of Oxford and Cambridge), any Ticket or Tickets in any Lottery or Lotteries now authorised or hereafter to be authorised by any Irish Act of Parliament, or any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in any such Irish Lottery or Lotteries, in the same Manner as if such Irish 1'ickets were Tickets in a Lottery established by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, publickly or privately, open, set up, exercise, or keep, by himself or her ft If, or any other Person or Persons, any Office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in any Tickets, or for registering the Numbers of any Tickets in the Lottery authorised by any Act of the present Session of Parliament, or in any Lottery which shall be authorised by any future Act of Parliament; or in any Lottery now established, or hereafter to be established, by any 7/7/7; Act of Parliament; or shall, by Writing, Printing, or otherwise, publish the setting up, or using any such Office, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose from the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment,- and Paper, for the Time being, in Manner herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three of them, are hereby impow-«red and required, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant a Licence for an Office for felling/aqd

dealing

VJr\

[Preamble.]

Inti)

may be 1 l.l in the same Mao-' nrr i> firtish Ticket;.

No Person to kr*'7> a ],->nery. cHlce \v thout taking out a Licence from the St amp-office.

Each licence I ct. il 501*

208

Licence to set forth the Name of <he P«:(on taking out the lame, See. and to continue in Force for one Year,

No Licence to be granted for any Office in Oxford or Cambridge,

Persons keeping any Office contrary to this AO, to forfeit 100).

Cerain Words to be written on the Front of each licensed Office.

Penalty on fer-

gir g or altering any Licence.

All Persons taking out Licences are to give Bond to his Majesty, Condition thereof.

Licensel Persons convicted of any 0(1? nee again (I this /lit, rtlall forfeit tbtir L cence, &c<

No Business, to be transided at any Lottery-

office before eight in the Morning, nor after eu'ht in the Lv-‘n n Ex.?pvi in.

Penalty On selling any Snare fess than a bisect Dtb.

C. 47. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

dealing in Lottery Tickets, authorised by Law, to all and every Person and Persons applying for the fame; but, previouslyto the Delivery of any such Licence, and before it Hi ill have any Effect, their shall be paid, over and above all other Payments to which the Person or Persons taking out such Licence may be respectively liable by any other Act of Parliament, whether as Brokers, or other wise, the Sum ot fifty Pounds for every such Licence, at the Stamp-office, at the Time such Licence shall be delivered to the Person or Persons applying for the fame; and every such Sum of fifty Pounds shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of the Stamp-office in executing this Act, and otherwise in Manner herein-aitcr prescribed

IV. And be it further enacted, Thu every such Licence shall set forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons taking out the fame; and also the particular House or Place where such Business or Dealing in Lottery Tickets shall be carried on; and such Licence shall continue in force for twelve Calendar Months from the Date thereof, and no longer; and every Peif‘011 acting or dealing in any of the Matters therein contained, after the Expiration of such Licence, without the Authority of a new Licence, to be taken out in the same Manner, shall be cmifidered in every Respt£t as an unlicensed Person.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted for having any such Lottery Office as aforesaid, within the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them; and if any Licence shall be granted for any such Lottery Office within either of the said Universities, it shall be vo;u and of no Lfte£t; and the Person or Persons acting under such Licence shall be liable to the same Penalty as an unlicensed Person.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall open, set up, or keep, any Office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in such Lottery Tickets, as aforesaid, or any Shares thereof, or for registering the Numbers of such "Pickets, without the Authority of such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other House or Place besides that named in the Licence which he, she, or they, shall have, or in any other Manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this present Act, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of ore hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to be licensed under this Act, shall cause the Words, Licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets, to be written or expressed, in legible Characters, upon or near the Door in the Front of his, her, or their Office, Shop, or other Place ffir selling of Tickets, to denote that such Person or Persons is or are a Dealer or (dealers in Lottery Tickets, and liable to take out a Licence; and if any Person or Persons Avail presume to sell or deal in such Lottery Tickets as aforesaid without complying with the said Provision, he, ihe, <»r they, so offending, shall, for every Day in which such Offence Avail be committed, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any Licence authorised to be made by this Asst for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall fraudulently alter, or cause to be altered, or affilf in altering, any such Licence as shall be really granted under this Act, or shall knowingly make Use of ary such forged, counterfeited, or altered Licence, such Person or Pufom AvjII, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Moiety thcitof to his Majesty, his ILirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him that shall prosecute or sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Eiffiin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and shall also be subject to fm-prisonment lor such Term, not exceeding lix Months, as the Court, in which the Party offending shall be convicted, shall appoint.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Person and Persons to whom any such Licence as aforesaid Avail be granted, shall, at the Time of receiving such Licence, give Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sliced! ms, in the Sum of one thousand Pounds, with two or more sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by t c said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; of which Bond the Condition Aiail he, that if such Person or Persons shall w *11 and truly conform and observe all the Regulations and Provisions of this Act, so far ns he, she, or they Aid! he concerned therein, such Pond fluff be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full Force; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to take the said Bond; and if, at the End of the Year for which any such Licence shall be granted, it Avail appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, that the Person or Persons entering into any such Bond hath or have acted in conformity to the Directions and Provisions of this Act, during the Year for which the licence Anil be granted, then the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to cause such Bond to be delivered up and cancelled; but otherwise the said Commissioners fnffil (unlofs they shall see sufficient Reason to forbear from Prosecution) cause every such B nd to be prosecuted.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, to whom any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted, shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, whether on Prosecution of the Bond to be given rn Manner aforesaid, or on Prosecution for any Penalty whatever under this Act, such Conviction Aiail operate as a Forfeiture of such Licence, and from thenceforth the same shall be void; ami me said Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to the Person or Persons so convicted a Licence in future.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no such Office for Lottery Ti:kcts, and so to be licensed as aforesaid, Anil be open for the Transaction of any Business, under such Licence, before the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Morning, nor after the Hour of E'ght of the Clock in the Ev- ning, except on the Evening of the Saturday preceding the Drawing of any Lottery; and if any such Office or PL.ce shall be wilfully kept open, in point of Time, contr3* v to this Act, the Person or Persons licensed to keep such Office fluff, for every such Offence, forfeit fifty lffiunds.

XII. And whereas the dividing nf Tickets in a Lottery into very fen all Simeons been found mif-

chievous be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons. so to be licensed fell

zed /XJ< tL any

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 4.7*

2°9

Limitation at the Sale of Chancei, Ac,

penalty on Per-ftm selling Shares of Tickets not their Property.

Comnvflnner* to eflahl fh an Office, in London or Westminster, where Tickrti fluil be

any smaller Share or Shares of any Ticket car Tickets, in any Lottery, than a Sixteenth, or publish any Proposals for selling any (mailer Share or Shares, every such Person shall, for every Offence in so doing, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and further, the Contract on every such Sale of a smaller Share than a*

Sixteenth shall be void in Law.

XIII. And, in order to prevent all adventuring with Lottery Tickets in any such Lottery as aforesaid,

other than such as shall necessarily arise from the real and actual Sale of such Tickets, and of such Shares thereof, as are hereby permitted/ be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fell the Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets, in any such Lottery as aforesaid, fora Day, or any less Time than the whole Time of drawing in any such Lottery, or to insure for or against the drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, or to receive any Money or Goods in Consideration of any Agreement to repay any Sum or Sums, or to deliver the same, or other Goods, if any such Ticket or Tickets shall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or on any other Chance or Event relative to the drawing of any such*

Ticketor Tickets, whetheras to their being drawn fortunate or unfortunate, or the Time of their being drawn, or otherwise howsoever; or und.'r any Pretence, Device, Form, Denomination, or Description whatsoever, to promise or agree to pay any Sum or Sums, or to deliver any Goods, or to do or forbear doing any Thing for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, whether with or without Consideration, on any Event of Contingency relative or applicable to the Drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, or to pubiim any Proposal for any of the Purposes aforesaid $ and if any Person or Persons shall offend against this Act in any of Entity, the Matters aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and further, the Contract in every such Case shall be void.

XIV. And to prevent selling Shares of Tickets by any Persons, except the real Proprietors thereof,

and selling Shares of any Ticket beyond the Number of Shares equal to the Whole thereof / be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fell any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, in any such Lottery as aforesaid, without being the Owner or Owners of such Ticket or Tickets at the Time of selling such Share or Shares thereof, or to fell any Share of any Ticket beyond such Num-berof Shares as, being added together, shall be equal to the Whole of such Ticket; and all and every Person and Persons who shall offend against this Act, in either of those Respe#s, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XV. And the more effectually to prevent Abuses in the selling of Shares of Lottery Tickets/ be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, before the Time herein after appointed for the Commencement of this Act, establish an Office, in the City of London or Westminster, for the Deposit of Tickets intended to be sold in Share?; and every Ticket in any such Lot tery as aforesaid, before it shall be divided into or sold in Shares, shall be brought to the said Office, and shall be there deposited and left with the; Receiver-general of his Majesty's Stamp-duties, or some Per- cieponted before son or Persons to be appointed by him to receive the same; and who is and are hereby authorised and re- the> m &arcd# quired to receive the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Agreement for the Sale of a Share of any such Ticketor ah Agreement* Tickets fotobe deposited as aforesaid, shall be expressed on a Piece of written or printed Paper, Vellum, or for share* tob* Parchment, and shall be impressed with some Mark, Device, or Stamp, to be from Time to Time pre- °n fticr»Ped (bribed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for that Purpose; but the said Receiver-

general, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him, shall not deliver out, impressed with any Mark, Device, or Stamp, more Shares for any one such Ticket than, being added together, shall amount to the Value of a whole Ticket, nor shall so impress with any Mark, Device, or Stamp, any smaller Share than a Sixteenth, or any Share of a Ticket other than such as is permitted by this Act; and if such Receiver-general, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him, shall deliver out any Share, other than such as he or they are hereby authorised to have, impressed with any such Matk, Device, or Stamp, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit fifty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver-general of his Majesty's Stamp-duties, or Receiver*.general such Person or Persons, so to be appointed by him to receive Tickets to be divided in Shares, shall, upon to give a Receipt the Receipt of any such Ticket, or any Number of such Tickets as aforesaid, give a Receipt in Writing for the fame; which Receipt shall express the Day of receiving the Ticket or Tickets, the Lottery to which the Ticket or Tickets shall belong, the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or Tickets so received, and the Name or Names of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and also that such Ticketor Tickets is or are received in pursuance of this Act, and doth or do accordingly remain in the Hands of the said Receiver-general, or such Person or Persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, to be disposed of as is hereby di rebled.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every such Ticket in the said Lottery, so to be deposited with the said Receiver-general, for the Purpose of being afterwards fold into Shares, shall remain and continue in the Custody and Possession of the said Receiver-general, or of the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, until the Expiration of three Days after the Drawing of such Picket in the said Lottery, and that, on the Expiration of three Days next after the drawing of such Ticket in the said Lottery, such Ticket shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, Affi^nee or Assignees, upon producing the Receipt of the said Receiver-general, or of such other Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, for the fame: And in case any such Ticker, so to be deposited as aforesaid, shall remain unclaimed at the End of two Years from the Day of the Drawing thereof, the Money (if any) to arise by the Sale of such Ticket shall be retained in the Hands of the said Receiver-general for the Time being, and be applied in defraying the Expences of the Stamp-office in executing this Act, and otherwise in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XIa. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be kept by the said Receiver-general, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, who shall truly and fairly enter and reyiller in such Book or Books, the Number of every Lottery Ticket which shall be deposited in the said Office, in Vol. XIV. Part II. E e pursuance

for Tickers brought (0 be /hired.

All such Tickets to remain in his Custody three J)m *f«r they are d iwn.

The Numbers

p. h eJ t )- Office talc e.i-

210

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III.

f^rcJ a Book, vith the Namci of thf Ownen, arH th; Number of Shares into which thry are divided.

2 d. for each Mine to be paid to the Officer on depositing Tickets in the Office,

Penihy on selling any Share Crf a Ticket without a Stamp,

Penalty rn for-pi !: or altering Receipt?, or uf og the same with a fraudulent Intention,

All Money re. ceived under This Act to be paid to the Receiver-penrraj.

Application

Penal tie* bow to be recovered and

applied,

Justices rr? y mi-*H»Hc PenaUies.

C. 47<

A.D. 1782.

pursuance of this Act* together with the Name or Names of all and every such Person and Persons who shall so deposit such Ticket, and also the Number of Shares into which each such Ticket shall be so divided as aforesaid; and any Person shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to and inspect such Book or Books, on Payment of the Sum of Two-pence to the said Person or Persons so-to be appointed by the said Receiver-general as aforesaid; and the Money arising from such Payment shall be paid and applied in defraying the Expences of the Stamp-office in executing this Act, and otherwise in Manner herein after specially provided.

XX. And be it further enadod, That upon the leaving and depositing of any Lottery Ticket, at or in the said Office, with the said Receiver-general, or such Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall so leave and deposit the same shall pay to the said Receiver general, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, for each Share into which every such Ticket shall be divided by the said Officer or Officers, the Sum of Two pence; and the Monies arising from such Fee, to be paid as aforesaid, shall be accounted for, from Time to Time, and shall be paid and applied towards the Expence of keeping such Office for the Deposit of Lottery Tickets as aforesaid, or in defraying any other Expences of the Stamp-office in the Execution of this Act, and other* wife in such Manner as is herein after specially prescribed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times fell, or agree* to fell, any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, in any such Lottery as aforesaid, otherwise than by a written or printed Agreement, on a Piece of Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, damped and maikcd by such Officer or Officers, and in such Manner as by this Act is before prescribed, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, or a flirt in forging or counterfeiting, any such Receipt as is by this Act required to be given, on Deposit of any 'Picket or Tickets to be divided in Shares, or any Stamp or Mark by this Act required to be put on any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Pickets; or shall alter, or cau 'e to be air red* or a flirt in altering, any such Receipt or stamped Share, whether by adding or taking away any Word, Letter, or Figure, in such Receipt or stamped Share, or (hill fraudulently make Lie of any such forged* counterfeited, or altered Receipt or stamped Share; all and every such Person or Persons, being con-vided of any of the Offences before mentioned, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as a Felon.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fees and Sums of Money which shall, under this Act, be received at the Stamp-office, or by any Officer or Officers thereof, in the Execution of the Trust reposed-in such Officer or Officers, and of which the Application is not herein-before directed, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the said Office for the Time being, and he drill keep a separate and distinct Account thereof; and thereout shall pay the Expence the said Office shall be put to in executing-this Act, and also in defraying the Expences attending the Commffion made forth for managing, directing, and drawing, the Lottery established by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act jer raifwz a certain Sum of Money by JVay of Annuities, and for establishin% a Lottery, in such Manner as by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, be app :>inred; but subject nevertheless to such Rules and Orders, in respect to the same, as shall be given to the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and as to the Rtfi-Jue of such Sums of Money, the said Receiver-' general shall pay such Residue into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties now charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are so directed to be paid: And in the Office of the Auoirorof the said Receipt of the Exchequer, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monirs, paid info the said Receipt under this Act, shall be entered separate and; apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any other Account; and such Monies, so paid inro the said Receipt of the Exchequer under this Act, shall, frorm Time to Time, be refeived for the Dispofnion of Parliament, and shall not be illucd but by Authority of Parliament.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties which shall be incurred by any Person or Persons-offending against this Act (except where a different Mode of Prosecution is her* in-before specially prescribed), shall be recoverable before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, # City, Town, or other Division, in which the Offence shall be committed, upon Proof of the Offence, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on Confession of the Offender; and one Moiefv of every such Penalty shall belong to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the same, and the other Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and in case of Nonpayment of any such Penalty, it shall be levied by Drttrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty, and the Expences of the Disticfs and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and for Want of sufficient Dist refs, the Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding six Months, nor less than three Months, as such Justices shall think proper, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Justices, where they shall see Cause to mitigate or ltffen any such Penalty, to do so accordingly, in such Manner as they in their Discretion shall think fit, the reasonable Coifs and Charges of the Officers or Informers being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than one Moiety thereof, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding*.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48. 211

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Prosecution for any Offence Limitation of ag drift this Act, whereby any pecuniary Penalty shall be incurred, unless such Prosecution shall be com- Action*. menced within twelve Months after Commission of such Offence; and if any Suit or Action shall be pro-

fecuted in England, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act or the special Matter in Evidence, on any General issue; Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue nis, her, or their Action or Actions after Issue joined, or if, on Demurrer or otherwise, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have Treble Ccfb. the like Remedy for the same as any Defendants have by Law in other cases.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall begin to have Force on the twenty-fifth Day of Comrrrrc-Terit "July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and from and immediately after the Commencement ,hs thereof, an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for licensing and Geo. nr, regulating Lottery Office Keepers, and also so much of any other Act or Acts made before the present session * rc-of Parliament, in respect to the Regulation either of the Keepers of Lottery Offices, or the Sale of Lottery Tickets, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; but such Repeal dial not operate upon, or to the Prejudice of any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, which shall be commenced or depending before the Commencement of this Act.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for charging a Duty on Persons whose Property shall be insured against Loss by Fire.

From June *4, 1781, a yearly Duty of 1 s. 6 to be paid for every roc 1. infilled from Loss by Fire.

Publick Hospi-tais not iuble.

The Duty to be under the Mina geinent of the Com rrnfiionera of Stamps,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Preamble* assembled, being desirous to raise the Supply granted to, your Majesty in this Session of Parliament by Ways the Icait burthensome to your Majesty's Subjetfts, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duty herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heiis and Successors, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence upon every Sum of one hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum, that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons in or by any Policy of Insurance for in-furing Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any Publick Hospital to the Payment of the Rate or Duty to be laid by virtue of this Act.

III. And for the better and more effectual raising, levying, cohering, and paying the said Duty herein-before granted,’ be it further enacted, That the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and they, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges, as shall be nectffary; and to do all other Atfts, Matters, and Things, necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Duty hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any of the Laws now in being concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no Person or Persons shall publickly or privately insure, or open or keep any Office for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire in Great Britain, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose from the Commissioners for managing the Stamp-duties, in Manner herein after mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exclude the Corporations of the Royal Exchange and London Assurance (being chartered Companies), from afturing Houses, Furniture or Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Fire, jo like Manner as they now do, without taking out any Licence for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners for managing the Stamp-duties for the Time being, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required, under their Hands and Seals to grant a Licence for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes, or other Properry, from Loss by Fire, to all and every Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Person and Persons applying for the fame; which said Licence shall set forth the Name or Names and other Description of the Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons taking out the same, and also the principal House or other Place where such Business of insuring Houses, Furniture*

Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, shall, at the Time of taking out such Licence, be principally carried on by the Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons takine out the same. "

No Person so keep ao Jnsuranee Office without a Licence;

The Corporations of the Royal Exchange and London Insurance, excepted, Commissioners are to giant Licence'.

212

Penalty on keeping an I'ffire without a Licence, or ia any Manner conrrary to l h is Act,

Pe?f?ns ok’ng

out Licences 4»e to give B ifci to his Majesty,

Condition #f the Bond,

Llcencw so continue in Force fer one Year only.

Clause relative to Companies not incorporated.

Office-keeper*, on granting c PjI cy of Insurance, are to receive the Duty payable to his Majesty and to g’vr a Receipt for the same.

Persons to be in-fared frail pay the Doty annually to che In-furej.

or k/e the Benefit of their Policy.

How the Dotiea frail be paid oo Pofieiea granted before the Ctm-ineocerr.en of this Act.

C. 48.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, who or which, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall insure, or set up or keep any Cilice for imuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, without the Authority of stich Licence as aforesaid, or in any other House or Place, except the House or Place to be mmed in the Licence under which such Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, shall act, or such other House or Houses or Place or Places as shall be lubordin«te to the H* use or Place to be named in such Licence, and be kept by same Person or Persons employed as Agent or Ag nts to any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons having such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other Manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit, for every Day in which such Offence shall be committed, the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also double the Amount of the Premiums of Insurance which such Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, shall receive on any f»ch Day.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom or which any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted, shall, at the Time of receiving such Licence, give Security with sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the major Part of the said Commissioners of btamp-duties, by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Sum as the said Commissioners may think reasonable, so as the same do not exceed the probable Amount of the Duty payable by such Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons respectively, for Half a Year j with a Condition, that if such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall faithfully, make out, sign, and deliver, an Account of all Money received for the said Duty, and well and truly make Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and also truly and faithfully observe and perform all the Directions, Matters, and Things herein contained, on his, her, or their Behalf to be observed and performed, such Bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full Force*

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to be taken out under this Act shall endure and have Force only for one Year from the Day of granting the fame; but if ^Licence shall be granted to two or more Persons, and any or either of them dial) die before the Expiration of the Year, it shall continue until such Expiration in Favour of the Survivor or Survivors of the Persons licensed.

X. And whereas great Part of the Business of Insurances against Loss by Fire is transacted at Offices

kept by Companies not incorporate, but confiding of a great Number of Partners;* be it therefore enacted, That where such Business of insuring is carried on by such Companies not incorporate, or by a greater Number of Partners than four, the Licence so to be granted by the said Commissioners of Stampj, in Manner aforesaid, shall be granted to such two or more of any such Company or Partners, as and for the whole Company or Partnership, as shall be named to the said Commissioners under Authority from firch

Company or Partnership; and in every such Case, the Licence shall continue in Force until the End of one Year from the Day of granting the same, notwithstanding the Deaths of all the Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted, for the Benefit of such Company or Partnership.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, so to be licensed as aforesaid, who or which, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of Jtrne^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall gram any Policy of Insurance for insuring Property from Loss by Fire, or shall continue to insure on any Policy, shall, determined by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as are, is, or shall be employed by or under them, previously to the granting or continuing such Policy of Insurance, a(k, demand, and receive, for the U(e of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons whose Property shall be so insured, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence for every Sum of one hundred Pounds for which such Policy shall be so made or continued, and so in Proportion for anyless Sum; and shall give a Receipt for the Duty so paid, as and for one Year’s Duty on such Policy, from the Day of the Date thereof y and in Default of receiving such Year’s Duty, in Manner aforesaid, such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, so granting such Policy, shall be accountable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the said Year’s Duty, as if the same had been actually received.

XII. And, in order to regulate the Payment of the yearly Duty imposed by this Act, during the Conti- nuance of the Policies of Insurance within this Act which shall be granted after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-twobe it further encted, That the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be intitled to the Benefit of any such Policy, shall, at the End of the Year, for which such Policy shall be granted, or within fifteen Days thereafter, and so at the End of every, subsequent Year, during the Continuance of such Policy, or within fifteen Days thereafter, pay, or cause to be paid, to thelnfurer or Insurers in such Policy, one Year’s Duty, in respect of this Act, at the Rate aforesaid; and such Insurer or Insurers shall, on every such Payment*give a printed or written Receipt for the said Duly, to the Person or Persons paying the fame; and in case of any Default of Payment of such Year’s Duty, within the Time aforesaid, and before any Loss shall be sustained, the Policy of Insurance, in respect of which such Duty shall accrue, shall, so far as regards the Insured, be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And, in respect to the Payment of the aforesaid Duties on such Policies of Insurance within this Act as shall have been granted before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two;’ be it further enacted, That the Payment of the said Duty on every such Policy shall commence and be paid in Manner following; (that is to say,) On every Policy upon which the Premium has been paid for one Year, or for one Year and a Fraction of a Year, one Year’s Duty shall be paid on or within fifteen Days after the Day on which the next yearly Payment of the Premium shall become payable, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and at the

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48. 213

same Time there shall be paid a proportional Part of the Duty for such fractional Part of a Year (not being less than the Quarter of a Year), as shall have elapsed from the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two j and on every Policy, upon which the Premium has been paid for more Years than one Year, the said one Year’s Duty, and also the said proportional Part of the Duty for such Fraction of a Year as aforesaid, shall be paid on or within fifteen Days after the Expiration of the Year which, on the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be current under such Policy; and the said Duties shall be afterwards payable yearly, during the Continuance of such Policies, in the same Manner as is herein-before provided in respect to Policies of Insurance which shall be granted after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and the Person or Persons, who shall for the Time being be intitled to the Benefit of any such Policy as shall have been granted before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, shall accordingly pay or cause to be paid the said Duty to the Insurer or Insurers in such Policy, in Maimer herein-before mentioned; or in case of any Default, such Policy shall be void, sofar as regards the Insured, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of any Policy of Insurance for less Time than a Year, the insured Person or Persons shall be liable to pay only so much of the yearly Duty of this Act, as shall bear aProportion to the Fraction or Part of the Year for which such Policy isor shall be given.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of any Policy of Insurance for one or more Year or Years, and Part of a Year, the insured Person or Persons shall, sofar as regards such Fraftionor Part of a Year, only be liable to so much of the said yearly Duty as shall bear a Proportion to such Fraction or Part of a Year, if the insured Person or Persons shall, on the first Payment of the said Duty, pay as well the Proportion of the Duty for such FVa&ion or Part of a Year, as the Whole of the first Year’s Duty; except a Fraction less than a Penny, which shall not be accounted for.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of taking out a new Policy of Insurance Fefore the Expiration of an old one, for the Sake of insuring a greater or different Sum, the same proportionable Abatement of the Duty, which under this Act shall accrue on the new Policy, shall be made, as the Insurer or Insurers shall make in respect of the Premium of Insurance.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in respect to all Policies of Insurance which shall befubfifting before the passing of this Act, if the insured Person or Persons in any such Policy shall, at the Time of the passing of this Act, not be in any Part of Great Britain, all and every such Person and Persons shall have one Month, to be computed from his, her, or their Return, for making the first Payment of the Duty which shall become due from such Person or Persons by virtue hereof; and in the mean Time, and until the Expiration of one Month from the Day of his, her, or their Return, the Policy and Policies of all and every such Persons, notwithstanding any Default of Payment of the Duty imposed by this Act,-shall be in full Force as if this Act had not been made.

XVIII. And whereas in the Case of Insurances against Loss by Fire for seven Years, or any Number of Years more than one Year, the Persons whose Property is insured frequently pay, on taking out a Policy of Insurance, one.entire Sum as the Premium for the whole Term, instead of paying an annua] c Premium; and in such Cases it may be convenient to pay the Duty hereby imposed for the whole 1 Term of the Policy by one Payment in the same Manner -r9 be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Person and Persons, being Insurers against Loss by Fire, within this Act, to take by one Payment the Duty hereby imposed for the whole of the Term for which the Policy bath been or shall be granted, if the Person or Persons whose Property shall be insured shall so desire; and in Consideration of such prompt and immediate Payment of so much of the said Duty as by the Terms of this Act would not be payable til) a future Time, and in every such Case, such Insurer or Insurers shall have Authority to make the same proportional Abatement of the Duty as the said Insurer or Insurers hath or have made, or shall make, in Consideration of receiving the Premium for the whole Term of Insurance by one Payment.

XIX. And whereas it frequently happens that the Property of Persons insuring for Terms of Years cease and determine before the Expiration of the Term, for which the said Insurance was made,’ be it enacted, That where the Property of a Person insured for a Term of Years, shall terminate or cease before the Expiration of the Teim for which such Insurance was made, that the Commissioners of the Stamp-duties may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, upon Proof made of the Truth of the said Kaft, to allow and pay back to the Person or Persons respectively appointed to receive the said Tax as aforesaid, so much of the said Duty or Tax as shall appear to have been paid for the unexpired Term of the said Insurance.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person and Persons, which or who, under this Act, shall obtain a Licence for any Office of Instirance, shall, from Time to Time, keep a true and faithful Account in Writing, in which shall be inferred the Number of the Policy, or Instrument of insurance, wAich, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be issued or granted by such Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons, the Name or Names of the Person or Persons insuring, with the Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, the Sum insured, and the Time for which the same is insured; and also the Day of the Month, and the Date of the Year, in which such Policy Avail be issued; which said Account shall, at all Times, be open for the Inspection of any Person or Persons duly authorised, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for the Stamp-duties, or the major Part of them, to inspect the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politick or Corpora^, and other Person or Persons, who or which shall have any Licence under this Act for an Insurance Office within London or Westminster, or within five Miles of either of them, whether the-Licence of such Body or Bodies

PoLttfTT'

g VJ

Policies far lefr than a Year to pay proportion-

as also those for t Year or Years, and Pan of a Year.

How the Doty shall be paid cir new Policies taken out before the Expirat ion of the old ones. Cliufe relative to insured Peuons not resident in Great Britain*

When the Insurance Money, on talcing out a Policy, is paid for several Years, the Insurer may receive 1 he Duty for the same Term, dec.

When the Property of the ln-lured fojIJ cease before the Expi-rat.on of his Polity, the Overplus Money to be returned.

A true Account to be kept at each Insurance Othce, of the Polices granted, and to whom, &c.

Dir'ion* rel tive to IVrt.’n? haviru L cr f s

for

OO

214

London or Westminster, or five Miles of the ft me.

Pen lty on TC. fault.

Pireftions relative to Persons taking out licences for Of-vficei mere than five Milc$d:(bnt from London and Westminster,

Penalty on Default*

An Allowance of i s. in the Pound ro be made to the Office Keepers for receiving; the Puff, and making out the Account*

Receiving the Duties granted by this A<?t shall not dtf^ualify from voting for Members of Parliament. Penalties to belong Half to hi*

C. 48. Anno vicesimo secundo Geor g n III. A.D. 1782.

Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, shall or fhnil not extend to any Office out of the aforesaid Limits, shall, on the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand Itven hundred and eighty-two, or within two Months after, deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamp-duties, or ft me Person or Persons 'authorised by them, at the Head Office, to receive the same, a faithful and true Account, in Writing, of all such Policies of Insurance as aforesaid which shall have been ifUicd by such 13 dy or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons licensed to keep Olfices of Insurance respectively, and shall be, on the said twenty ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, otnstanding, or be account-'able for under this Act, and shall at the same Time pay all the Monies which shall have been received by them resp' &ivrly on Account of the aforesaid Duties, and before the said twenty-ninth Day of September \ and from thenceforth shall, (bme Time within two Months after the twenty-fifth Day of December, the ‘twenty-fifth Day of March, the twenty-fourth Day of June, and the twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Year, or at such other Time* after the Expiration of the said two Months as rn.^y be appointed by the major Pat t of the said Commissioners of the Stamp-duties, giving a previous publick Notice of fourteen Days or more, by Advertisement in the London Gazette, deliver, or enufe to be delivered to the said Commissioners, or to the Peiftrn or Persons appointed by them for tire Purpose of receiving the same, at the Hca \ Office of the said Commissioners, true Copies of the Accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such licensed Insurance Office or Offices, Rody or Bodies Po itick or Corporate, or such other licensed Person or Persons, for the Quarter which shall be completed before such Day of Delivery, or K\>tice, a? the Case shall be; and at the same Time shall pay such Sum and Sums which shall appear to be due on such Accounts to the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Du’ies on stamped Vellum* Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer for the Tim* being for receiving the said Duties, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Lid Head Office, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Default in not delivering true Copies of such Account, the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and for every Default in Payment of the Monies due on such Accounts, double the Amount of the Money so due and pay. bleat the Time of such Default.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Insurance Office or Offices Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, and other Person and Persons, which or who shall, under this Act, obtain any Licence for an Office of Insurance, not within London or JJ cjhninder, rr within five Miles of either of them, without having any Office within the Lid Limits named in such L cence, shall, on the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, or within two Months after, deliver to the Head Distributor of damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in and for the County in which such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, so to be lice;ired, shall have their Chief Office of Insurance, or to the Person or Persons duly authorised and commissioncc), un^er the Hands and Seals of three of the said Commissioners for Stamp-duties, to receive such Accounts, and the Money due thereon, a faithful and true Account, in Writing, of all such Policies of Insurance as aforesaid ?s shall have been issued by such licenced Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, and (lull, on the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, or within two Months after, be out* Handing, or be accountable for under this Act; and shall, at the same Time, pay all the Monies which shall h«ve been received by them respectively, on account of the aforesaid Duties before the said twenty-ninth Day of September > and from thenceforth shall, some Time within two Months after the twenty-fifth Day of December, the twenty-fifth Day of March, the twenty-fourth Day of June, and the twenty-ninth. Day of Septa),her} in every Year, or at such other Times after the Expiration of the said tv/o Months as may be appointed by the Head Distriburor, or the Person or Persons so to be authorised to receive the said Duties, giving a previous Notice of fourteen Days, or more, by Advertisement in the London Gazette, or itl the Newsp.iper, if any such there he, published in and for the County where such Head Distributor reside?, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such Head Distributor, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, true Copies of the Accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such licensed Insurer or Insurers, for the Quarter which shall be completed before such Day of Delivery, or Notice, as the Case shall be; and at the same Time shall pay to such Head Distributor, or other Person or Persons so to be authorised as aforesaid, all Sums of Money which shall appear to be due upon such Accounts, under the Penalty of forfeiting, for every Default in not delivering such Accounts, the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and for every Default in Payment of the Monies due on such Accounts, double the Amount of the said Monies due on the said Account at the Time of such Default.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Receiver-general of the Stamp-duties at the Head Office, and the said Head Distributors of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or oth'ir Person or Persons duly appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners of Stamp-duties to receive the Duties by this Act imposed, shall make an Allowance to all and every the Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, so to be licensed as aforesaid respectively, for their own Ute and Trouble in originally receiving the said Duties, and making out such Account as is herein-before directed, at and after the Rate of one Shilling in the Pound, out of the Monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to such Receiver-general or Head Distributor, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, according to the Directions herein before contained.

XXIV. And whereas the Persons employed in receiving and accounting for the Duties hereby imposed, are not appointed to such Offices by the Crown, or by any Persons authorised by the Crown, butare authorised and required to receive the said Duties by virtue of this Act,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons so employed shall not, on Account of receiving or accounting for the said Duties, be thereby disqualified from voting at any Election or Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his Hers

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 49. 215.

and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts at H'ejhninfler, for Offences committed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed; or in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, or Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Im-parlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general, for the Time being, of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the Duties, and pay the same (the necelLry Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties now charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid: And in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament,[intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money By ivay of Annuities, and for establiftdtig a Lottery.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, moleffed, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in purfinnee of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons, and Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall or may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then tuch Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them agdnft such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

and Half to the Informer.

Duties to b« paid to the Receiver* general, and by him paid into the Exchequer*

Application

thereof.

Persons feed for execut rg this Act, n ay plead ihf Ge/ltrfdl HTue, and itccver Treble G-fll.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Session of Parliament, with respect to preventing the Importation and Running of Tea into this Kingdom, in armed Vessels having Letters of Marque, or other Commissions from the Admiralty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to extend so much of two Acts of the twentieth and twenty first Years of his present Majesty's Reign, as relate to Rec tal of Cap.

‘ the Sale of and ascertaining the Duties upon, Raft India Goods, to Tea, and all other Goods of the Growth, Session*

Product, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, c 0 which have been, or fall, during the present Hostilities, be brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize;

for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of Foreign Snuff into this Kingdom; and for preventing the Importation and Running of Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, aul ether prohibited Goods, into this Kingdom, in Vessels fitted cut, a id armed as Privateers; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, which shall be commissioned by Letters of Marque, or general Rep’izfts*

or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commi 1T1 one is for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great fl/7-4 tain, shall be found at Sea, in any Part of this Kingdom, at any Distance from the Coasts thereof, having on Board, amongst other Goods, in the said Act mentioned, iny Tea, not exceeding the Quantity of six Pounds Weight, then not only all such Goods, but also the Ship or Vessel on Board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her Guns Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited and loft: And whereas it w.is intended that the said Forfeitures in 'he said Act should extend to such Sh'ps or Vessels as should be found as aforesaid having any Tea exceeding the Quantity of fix Pound> Weight on Beard thereon; but the Words not exceeding are by Mistake inferred in the said Act, instead of the Word exceeding ;* Mav it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the* King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituil and Tempjral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act a Mlfl.keio shall extend, and be construed to extend, to any such Ships or Vessels only, which shall be found as afore- the ttcucd Act said having any lea exceeding the Quantity of six Pounds Weight on Board thereon; and such Tea, and also the Ship or Vessft on Board which the same shall be found as aforesaid, with all her Guns, Fu mture,

Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized, prosecuted, recovered,

?jrd disposed of, as directed by the said recited Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Word not had been omitted to be inserted therein any Thing in the said recited Act contained io the contrary notwithstanding.

216 A.» IX 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georg i i III,

C. 50.

iVfimble.

20 Geo. III. Cap. 54,

CAP. L.

An Act for further continuing an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and fate the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the publick Service; andiuhat Defects there are in the present Mide of receiving, collecting, ipiling, and accounting for publick Money; and in what more expeditious and ejfcftuaL and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit f the Publick; and also by an Act mace in an<Ui Oeo.III, c the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the la/l Session 45» recite, t parnameni^ intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commfftonn 5 to examine, take, and jlate the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the publick Service; and what Dtfefts there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and leys expensive A fanner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Publick; certain Persons therein named were constituted Commissioners for examining, taking, and ft.uing the Accounts of all Duties,

Taxes, and Monies granted, raised, and appropriated for the publick Service of this Kingdom, which had been issued to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose final Accounts have not hitherto been passed before the Auditor of the Imprest according to the Forms of the Exchequer, or whose Accounts, al- though passed, have been for Services which have been performed since the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and also of all such Duties, Taxes, and Monies, which should thereafter be granted, raised, and appropriated for the publick Service of this Kingdom, at any Time be- fore the Determination of the said first mentioned Act, and of all Arrears thereof; and also for examining and stating in what Manner, and at what Times, the Receipts, lssues, and Expenditures of the said, publick Monies were then accounted for; and for considering of and reporting by what Means and Me- thods the publick Accounts might in future be passed, and the Accountants compelled to pay the Ba- lances or Monies due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive Manner: And whereas the said Commissioners have made a considerable Progress in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said Acts, and have, in the Course and Order of the Examinations and Proceedings taken and had by virtue thereof, stated and reported to his Majesty and to Parliament, sundry Matters of great Importance and Concern to the publick Service; and it is highly expedient, that the Enquiries into and Examinations of the other Accounts, Matters, and Things, referred to them by the said first recited Act, should be continued and finished, and the Result of them stated for the further information and Satisfaction of his Majesty and his People;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Anguish Esquire, Arthur Piggot Esquire, Richard Neave Esquire, Samuel Beachcroft Esquire, and George Drummond Esquire, or any three or more of them, shall be, and are hereby constituted Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating the Accounts in the said first recited Act mentioned; and also for examining and stating in what Manner, and at what Times, the Receipts, Issues, and Expenditures of the said publick Monies are now accounted for, and for considering of and reporting by what Means and Methods the publick Accounts may in future be passed, and the Accountants compelled to pay the Balances of Monies due from them, in a Th? recited a&i more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive Manner; and that the said Acts, and every Clause, locon inuein Matter, and Thing contained therein, and all the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners 1 <»r« after July thercjn or any three or more of them (except where altered by this Act), shall be and continue in

full Force and Virtue, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and shall and may be executed by the Commissioners hereby constituted, or any three or more of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person appointed a Commissioner by this Act, shall accept ot or hold any Civil Office of Profit during Pleasure, from or under his Majesty, during the Continuance of this Act.

Commissioneri appointed to ei amine and (late the publick Act‘ counts of the Kingdom.

i> »7Si.

No Commissioner to held a Civil Office of Profit during Pleasure under his Majesty. AnyThree of the Commissioners to be (worn before the Chancellor of the Eichc^uer,

Ac,

III. And be it further enacted, That any three of the said Commissioners rn this Act, before they enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or before the Matter of the Rolls for the Time being (which they and either of them are hereby authorised and required to administer), the Tenor whereof shall be as fotloweth; (that is to say,)

The Oath.

I

A. C. do swear, that, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, i truly execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

217

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 51.

appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the publick Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, colic ft ing, iff king, and accounting for publick Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Publick according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.*

And every other of the said Commissioners in this Act named shall likewise take the same Oath before the said three Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer

for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue, and cause to be paid, all such Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the publick Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer; which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or ‘about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as shall be appointed by the (2id Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands an*J Seals in that Behalf; the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fees or other Charges ro be taken or demanded for the issuing and Payment of the Came on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall appoint,

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such publick Accountant is dead, the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Accountant shall, when required thereto by the Commissioners, or any three or more of Them, attend the said Commissioners, and observe and execute the Orders and Direction,? of the said Commissioners, in like Manner as Accountants by this Act are required to do.

[Continuance of this Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Powers of taking, examining, and dating Accounts, and administering of Oaths and issuing of Precepts, shall endure for the Space of one Year from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and no longer.

The said three Commission?r. to jdminister the Oath to the rc\.

L*rds.of the Treasury ta 2,0001, to the O dor of the Co.ti mill.oner Application thereof.

Executors of Accountants to attend Commi f* sinners, and execute their Order?.

CAP. LI.

An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all Damage, Interests and Losses in respect to their having made Default in certain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments being made at a future stipulated time; and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year.

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, {land in- PittmMc,

debted to his Majesty, for Customs on Goods imported, in sundry Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of three hundred ninety-six thousand four hundred sixty-six Pounds, two Shillings,

and Sixpence, after making certain Deductions and Allowances, to which, by Law, the said Company are intitled, on due Payment of the said Customs of or before the respective Days on which the same be-

come due; which said Customs became due at the several and respective Times herein after mentioned;

that is to say. The Sum of one hundred sixty-three thousand three hundred fix ty-seven Pounds, twelve Shillings, and Four-pence, Part thereof, on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; the Sum of one hundred ninety-one thousand eight hundred sixty-eight Pounds, four ShiJ-4 lings, and Eight-pence, other Part thereof, on the twenty-third Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of fifteen thousand nine hundred thirty-one Pounds, and seventeen

Shillings, other Part thereof, on the twenty-second Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of two thousand one hundred and lifry Pounds, four Shillings, and Sixpence, other Part thereof, on the twenty-third Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds, and four Shillings, Residue thereof, on the twenty-sixth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighry-two: And whereas, by Means of the said Customs not being paid at the respective Times the same became due as aforesaid, the said Company, besides lefing the Benefit of the said Deductions and Allowances, are liable to pay Interest

.4 for the same, at and after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum: And whereas by an Act, made

in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agr/e- ment with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uje of the Publick, infill Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Publick from the Time the Bend Debt of the said Company was reduced to one Alii

Recit'd of 2i Oeo, HI, C*p

6S«

elusive Trade to and from the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for cjlahlishing certain Rcgtila- tion for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as ivcll in India as in Europe, and the re- cruiling the Military Forces of the said Company; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds should, by the said United Company, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the Times, and in the Proportions therein mentioned, the last of which Payments

218 0.51. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

ments wu of the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, and was to have been made on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for the Use of the Publick, as therein is mentioned; and in case the said United Company should make Failure in any of the said Payments, on or before the Days therein mentioned, then the Money, whereof such Failure in Payment should be made,

should be recovered to his Majesty's Use, by such Action or Suit as therein is mentioned; and upon such Action or Suit there should be further recovered to his Majesty's Use, against the said United Company,

Damages after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the respective Monies so unpaid contrary to the said A if, together with full Costs of Suit: And it was thereby further enacted, That,

from and after the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for and during so long Time as the said United Company, under the Authority of that Act, should be intitled to the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade and Traffick in, to, and from, the East Indies, and Places aforesaid,

the whole dear Profits arising from the said Territorial Acauifuions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attending the fame* together with all the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company, after providing for the current Payments of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company, should, from Time to Time, be ditposed of and applied in Manner therein and herein after mentioned; that is to say. It should be lawful for the said United Company to fee apart and retain, in the first Place, in each and every Year, such Sum as should be equal to eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Capital Stock of the said United Company of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds; and in case there should remain a Suiplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits,

above the said Sum of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, so to be retained by the said United Company as aforesaid, three fourth Parts of such Surplus Profits should be fee apart, and applied for the Use of the Publick, and the remaining fourth Part thereof should be reserved and retained by the said United Company for their own Use: And it was thereby further enacted, That it should be lawful for the said United Company to apply such Money as they were therein-before authorised to retain to themselves, and and also other Money in the said Act mentioned, in the Payment of Dividends to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said United Company, not exceeding the Rate of twelve Pounds and ten Shillings per Cen- turn per Annum, provided the Bond Debt of the said United Company did not at any such Time exceed one million five hundred thousand Pounds; and provided that they did not increase the present Dividend of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, more than at the Rate of one Pound per Centum in each and every Year: Ana, in order to ascertain the yearly net Profits arising from the said United Company’s 4 Trade and Revenues, it was further enacted, That the said United Company should cause to be made up yearly, for each and every Year during the Term therein mentioned, with as much Accuracy as the Naturc of the Case would admit, a Statement of the Profit and Loss upon the Whole of the Trade and Revenues of the said United Company, together with a State of the Debts of the said United Company in England, from the first Day of March in every Year, to the first Day of March in each succeeding Year; which said Account was to be signed and delivered to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Traill Statement furY> or the High Treasurer for the Time being, as therein is mentioned: And whereas a Statement hath been made hath been duly made up of the Profit and Loss upon the Whole of the Trade and Revenues of the said vp of the Profit United Company, from the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, to the first and L06 of the Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, whereby it appears, that the net Profits of Mar<Sf 1* s^to said United Company, in that Year, did not amount to so much as a Dividend upon the Stock of Jtflxch ljll'. the said United Company, at the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, by the Sum of twenty- two thousand and twenty-three Pounds: And whereas, by Means of the late Arrival of eighteen of the said United Company’s Ships from India and China, in the lad Year, whose Cargoes could not be dif- posed of, and converted into Money, within the ufua) Period, and by Means of the Payments made by the said United Company, to the Use of the Publick* of the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, 10 4 Part of the said Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, the said United Company were not able to pay the said Customs, and the said remaining Sum of one hundred thousand Pound', at the respective Times the same became due, without borrowing Money for those Purposes; wherefore the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury consented to postpone the said Payments to the twenty-first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and as the Default of the said Company, in respect to the said Payments arose by such Means as aforesaid, and the said Comp my are (till in Distress, it is fit that the said Payments should be further postponed, and that the said Company should be discharged and indem- nified from all Damages, Interest, Losses, and Disadvantages arising thereby; and it is also fit that the said United Company should be allowed to continue a Dividend at the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum, to the Proprietors of their Stock, for the present Year:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by CommuTionfrt the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of his Ma-0.f.shalir, ei1r3r je^y 8 Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to postpone and allow further Time to*mpanyWfur! for the Payment of the said Sum of three hundred and ninety-six thousand four hundred sixty-six Pounds, ther Time for two Shillings, and Sixpence, which became due, for Customs, at such several Times as herein-before are Foment of cer- mentioned; and of the said Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, which became due on the first Day of tain Sum* due to December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, or any Part or Parts of the said Sums respectively, the Publick; unto fucjj yjmc or Times as they shall think fit, not exceeding the first Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and if the said United Company do and shall pay the said Sums respectively, at

such Time or Times to which the said Payments shall be postponed as aforesaid, the same shall be accepted and received in like Manner as if the said Sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and re-0 Payment speflive Days on which the same became due, as herein-before is mentioned; and the said United Com-

uhereof the pany, upon such Payment* at such postponed Time or Times, shall be freed and discharged from all Da-

Company (halt T magCS,

J

The Company

impowered to set apart, between March 1, 1781, and March I, I7I], a Sum sufficient to pay a Divi-tfend of 8 per Cent.

A.D. 178a. Anno vicesimo iccundo Gboron Jir. C. 52—-54. 9ig

mages, Interest, and Losses, which they became liable to by meant of not having made the said Payments respectively, at the several and respective Times on which the same became due, and shall be intitled unto, and have the same Discounts, Allowances, and Advantages, as if the said Sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective Days on which they became due; any Thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament* in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (half and may be lawful to a fid fot the said United Company to fct apart and apply; in the Course of the present Year, from the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, to the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, so much Money as shall be equal to eight Pounds per Centumi on the Capital of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, as and for a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, and to charge the same as a Debt in the annual Account to be made up to the first Day rtf March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; a ad if it shall happen that there shall be a Deficiency in such annual Account, it shall and may be lawful fo£,the said United Company to carry forward such Deficiency, as a Charge in the Account of the succeeding Year; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

[The Deficiency in last Year's Account to be carried forward as a Charge in the present Year.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Deficiency of twenty-two thousand and twenty-three Pounds, appearing in the said annual Account made up to the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be carried forward as a Charge in the Account of the present Year.

CAP. LII.

An Act for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle within the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

[6 Geo. I. Cap. 5. recited,]

intituled, An Act for the better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain;' may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

[and repealed.]

from and after the passing of this Act, the above mentioned Act, and the several Matters and Things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed.

---

CAP. LIV.

An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

---

[Preamble,

WHEREAS Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, heretofore Governor and President of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel in the East Indies% and Peter Perring Esquire, lately

one of the Council of the Settlement aforesaid, appear to be proper and necessary Objects of Justice in Parliament, by reason of divers Breaches of Trust, and high Crimes and Misdemeanors, which there is great Reason to believe have been respectively by them committed: And whereas a Bill is now depend- ing in Parliament for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of publick Trust, and high Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel in the East Indies: Now, to the End that the Persons, and Estates real and personal, of the said Sir Tho?nas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, may be secured, so as to answer and be liable to Justice in Parliament be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, or either of them, shall not go or depart out of the Kingdom before the first Day of Februaryr, which shall be in the Year of our Lotd one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and that the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, shall each of them respectively, before the fifteenth Day of August, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, in due Form of Law, severally enter into one or more Recognizance or Recognizances to his Majesty, with two or more sufficient Sureties each, before the Lord Chief Baron, or two other of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, in the respective Penalties herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) In the Penalty of one hundred thousand Pounds for the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and in the Penalty of fifty thousand Pounds for the Sureties of him the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, no one of such Sureties being in a less Penalty than ten thousand Pounds; and in the Penalty of fifty thousand Pounds for the said Peter Perring Esquire, and in the Penalty of twenty thousand Pounds for the Sureties of him the said Peter Perring Esquire, no one of such Sureties being in a less Penalty than five thousand Pounds; which said several Recognizances shall be

Sir Thomas Rumbold, and Peter Perring Esq. not to go out of the Kingdom before Feb. *, 1783.

Penal tin.

220

In Default of entering into proper Recognisances before August 15, 178a, to be committed to the Fleet Prison, &(*

Sir Thomas

Rumbo'd and Peter Herring !fq. shall, before Nov. 1, 178a, deliver into ths Court of Exchequer two Paiti-cuJa/s of their respective Ef-Utei, Goods,

&Ct

35.irens of the Vxrhrqeer to deliver or.e D ipli-ca.c of the Particulars to the Speaker of the House of Lords, and the other to the Spea»- er of the Hui.e of Cemmons,

Jt thtPatticuJars v shall appear eva-hvc or unfeti*-fatfory, &c. tile Barons of the Exchequer are to examine the Person delivering the Utne, upon Interrcga-unki%

C. 5 4. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 178?.

made upon this Condition, that if either of them, the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, or Peter Perring Esquire, who shall enter into such Recognizance, shall not go or depart out of this Kingdom before the first Day of February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, then such Recognizance shall be void, otherwise the same shall remain in Force; for the taking, entering, and inrolling of which Recognizance or Recognizances, the said Lord Chief Baron or Barons, or Other Officer, shall take ten Shillings, and no more, for each Recognizance, besides the Stamp-duty: And in case the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, 'and Peter Perring Esquire, or either of them, shall neglect to enter into such Recognizance or Recognizances before the said fifteenth Day of August, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, each of them so nrgledting shall, by the said Lord Chief Baron, or Barons, or any two or more of them, be committed to the Frifon of the Fleet, thereto remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until the said first Day of February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or until he tke said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, shall respectively enter into such Recognizance or Recognizances, with Sureties as aforesaid; and the said Chief Baron, or Barons, or any two or more of them, are hereby respectively authorised and required to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for that Purpose: And if either of them, the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, shall, before the first Day of February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, go or depart out of this Kingdom, each of them respectively so offending, and all and every Person or Persons who shall willingly be aiding and assisting to such Departure of either of them out of this Kingdom, shall forfeit to the King, his Heirs and Successors, all and singular, his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all and singular his, her, or their personal Estate and Effects of what Kind or Nature soever.

II. And, in order to a full Discovery of the Estate and Effects of the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Ba- ronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, and each of them be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, shall, before the first Day of November, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, respectively deliver in, on Oath, before the Lord Chief Baron, or two other of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being (which said Oath the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons are hereby impowered to administer), two several and exact Particulars or Inventories, both of the same Import and Tenor, of all and singular the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate whatsoever, in Europe^ the East Indies, China, or elsewhere, which he was foiled or possessod of, or intitled to in his own Right, and which any other Person or Persons was or were seised or pofiWVed of in Trust for him, or to or for his Use or Benefit, upon the first Day of Aprils in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, or at any Time after (the wearing Apparel of the Person delivering in such Particulars and Inventories and of his Wife and Children, the Furniture of any House or Houses, and Stock upon any Farm or Farms belonging to such Person, excepted); and in case the Person delivering in such Particulars and Inventories, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, with his Privity, since the first Day of Ap?ily in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, ha h conveyed, aliened, transferred, or otherwise disposed of, any Part of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, or personal Estate, as aforesaid, which he, or any other Person for him, or to his Use, was seised or poUVffed of, or intitled to, on the said first Day of Aprils in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, or at any Time after, then such Particulars or Inventories shall contain a true Account of what Part of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate, as aforesaid, hath been so conveyed, aliened, or transferred, and to what Person or Persons by Name, at what Time, and whether for any and what Price or Consideration, either paid down, or securtd to be paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Chief Baron, and other the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being, to whom any such Particular or Inventory, or Particulars or Inventories, shall be delivered in on Oath, in pursuance of this A<T shall, within convenient Time, after such Particulars and Inventories shall have been delivered in respectively, deliver ore Duplicate thereof to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Speaker of the House of Lords, for the Time being, to be by him forthwith laid before the House of Lords; and one other Duplicate thereof to the Speaker of the House of Commons, to be by him forthwith laid before the House of Commons in case a Parliament be then fitting; and in case no Parliament be then fitting, then as soon as convenient/ may be in the then next Session of Parliament: And if it shall appear, upon inspection or Peru (a! of such Particulars or Inventories, or any of them, by the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, that the same, or any of them, are cvaftve or uncertain; or if Signification shall be made from either House of Parliament, by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Speaker of the House of Lords, or the Speaker of the House of Commons respectively, that a further Examination should be thereupon had; or if Information shall be given upon Oath to any of them the Lord Chief Baron or Barons respectively, of any Concealment, Omission, or Falfity, in such Particulars and Inventories, or any of them, or in any Matter or Thing therein contained; then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and th^y are hereby required to examine on Oath the Person delivering such Particulars and Inventories as aforesaid, upon such Inrerroga-toiies, touching all and singular the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments Goods Chattels, Dtors, and personal Estate whatsoever, and such other Things as may tend to disclose his Estate, or anyfecrct Grants, Conveyances, or Disposition, of his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts* and personal Estate, as aforesaid, as they shall think meet: And in order to such Examination, the fail Lord Chief Baron and Barcns, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to summon and call before them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, or either of

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo iccundo Georgii III. C. 54, 221

them, at such Times and Places as they shall think proper; and in Default of Attendance upon any such Summons, the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, shall and may issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to any fit Person or Persons as they shall think meet, to apprehend and bring before them, the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or moreoDthem, either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, at such Times and Places as shall be expressed in such Warrant and Warrants; and if thereupon the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, or either of them, shall refuse to be examined, or to answer fully ro every Interrogatory to him or them to be administered by the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, it shall be lawful for the said Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby required to commit either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, so refusing to to be examined, or not fully answering, to the Prifozi of the Fleets there to remain, without Bail or Main-prize, till he or they shall submit to be examined and answer as aforesaid: And in case either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, or Peter Perring Esquire, shall neglect; or refuse to deliver in such Parti-ticulars or Inventories of his or their Estate or Estates, real and personal, in Manner herein before mentioned; or shall not, within the Space of eight Days after his being committed, submit to be examined, or fully to answer as aforesaid, or shall be guilty of any wilful Concealment, Omission, or FaKity, amounting in the Whole to the Value of five hundred Pounds, in any Examination had in pursuance of this Act; then, or in any of the said cases, each of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, shall forfeit to the King, his Heirs and Successors, all his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, and personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being known or suspected to have or detain any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, or Personal Estate, of either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, or to be able to give Information or Evidence concerning the same, or to be indebted to, or for the Benefit of either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, or Peter Perring Esquire, shall, after lawful Summons to appear before the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, to be examined concerning the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, and personal Estate, of either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, in any Matter or Thing concerning the same, neglect or refuse to come before the Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, at the Time appointed in such Summons, having no lawful Impediment, such as shall be allowed by the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and which shall be figrished and made known to the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons^ or any two or more of them, or shall refuse to be sworn, or to make Answer to such Interrogatories as shall be administered to him, her, or them respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act (which said Summons, and Examination on Oath, upon Interrogatories to be administered to every such Person or Persons, the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to issue, take, and administer); then, and in the said rtlpcdive cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby required to issue their Warrant or Warrants to such Person or Persons as they shall think fie, to apprehend any Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to appear, as aforesaid, and to bring him, her, or them, before the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, to be examined as aforesaid, and to commit to the said Prison of the Fleet all and every such Person or Persons as shall so refuse to be sworn, or make Answer to such Interrogatories as shall be administered as aforesaid, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as the said Person or Persons so refusing to be sworn, or to answer to such Interrogatories as shall be administered as aforesaid, shall submit him, her, or themselves to be examined according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronec, and Peter Perring Esquire, and each of them, shall, until the Lid first Day of February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, be, and they are hereby disabled from, and made incapable of, conveying, aliening, settling, charging, or incumbering any Lands, Tenements^ or Hereditaments, to which they, or either of them, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, or either of them, or for their, or either of their Use and Benefit, is, are, or shall be inti tied, or hath or have any Right or Title; and also, during the Time aforesaid. On 11 be, and are hereby disabled from assigning, conveying, granting, transferring, or making over, any of their personal Estates in Trust for themselves, their Wives, or Children; and also from otherwise disposing of their personal Estate, except for the Subsistence of them-felvts and Famiiies, or for paying such just Debts as are or shall be eontradled ai d due by them respectively before the twenty ninth Day of Aprils in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and e:ghcy-two; and except perishable Goods; and also except with respect to so much of the personal Estates pi the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, respectively, as shall be fufih ient to indemnify their respective Sureties in the Lid several Sums of fifty thousand Pounds and twenty thousand Pounds, so to be entered into as herein-before directed.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, or either of them, to give, advance, transfer, lay out, and apply, or otherwise to raise out of, or in any Manner charge upon, his real and personal Estate, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in the Case of the said Sir Thomas Rumbold^ the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds; and in the Case of the said Peter Perring, the Sum of ten thousand Pounds; for the Purpose of making a Provision for all and every of their, or either of their Child or Children, in case of Marriage; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary many wise notwithstanding; and which Provision* or any Part thereof* shall not in any Manner

In Default of Attendance upon any Summons from the said Barons, they may issue-their Warrant for apprehending the Defaulter; who* on refusing to be examined, &c. /ha]i be committed*.

Persons detailing any Fait o0 the Property of Sir Thomas Rumbold, or Peter Petting Esq; or able ta give Information concerning the same, and who fluil refuse ro come before t!)e said Barons, when lawfully f summonec1, ftnlb be cormai.ted.

S’r Thomar

RumbrlJ and

Perer Pei ring 1 E q. difoblrd from aliening or incumbettrig their real Estates ur.til Feb. i, 1783 j and also, from iftijning their pcnonal Pftafrs, except for^ertain Por-poses*

Except ion of & certain Sum to make & Provi-fton for Children.

by

222

Thi* AA not to dibble Sir Thornes Rumbold or Peter Perring, Esq. from dif-poting of hi* EtUtc or Effecti, in case he shall die before Feb. 1, *783, *c.

If Sir Thomai Rumbold, or Feter Perring £(q. shall, be* fare Feb. 1, 1783, convey ary of their Monies or Efte&i Out of the Realm (except as is excepted), they, and their Riders therein, shall be punished if Fcloau

Penalty on Person who shall conceal any Estate belonging to Sir Thomas Rumbold, or Peter Perring,

Allowance ’o be made to Person* making Discovery of any Iftate or Effecti concealed.

Past India Company to fend an authenticated C >py of the Particulars delivered into the Court i Exchequer, to the Supreme Court of fudicature in Bengal, Scc. Allowance to Persons making Discovery of concealed Estates or EtfefcU in India.

C. 54. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 17»*.

be affected or defeated by the Recognizance so to be entered into by the said Sir Thomas Rumbold and Peter Purring, or either of them, hs is required by this Act.

VII. Provided always, That this Act shall not disable them, or either of them, the said Sir Thomas Rum-told Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from disposing of their Estates or Eft’edls by their last Wills and Testaments, iftcafethey, or either of them, dial) happen to die before the said first Day of February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, subjtdt nevertheless to the Justice and Dispofibon of Parliament; nor shall this Act reftiain or disable the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, or Peter Perring Esquire, or either of them, from concurring in any Alignment or Transfer of any Mortgage or Incumbrance affidting the real Estates of either of them on the twenty-ninth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and created for securing Money band fide <Jueand owing On such Mortgage or Incumbrance; so nevuthelei's as no further Sum shall be advanced on such Mortgage or Incumbrance than was actually due and owing on the said twertry-ninth Day of April, in thb Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, before the first Day of February, which shall he in the YeaEof our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, they the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, ox Peter Perring Esquire, shall not transport or convey, or cau(e to be transported or conveyed, any of their Goods, Chattels, Monies, or Effects whatsoever, of what Nature or Kind fotver, out of the Realm, other than Ships or Shares of Ships, whereof they were possessed on the said twenty-ninth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and other than for pay ing such just Debts as are or shall be contracted and due by them respectively on the said twenty-ninth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and which shall be accordingly paid and satisfied with such Goods, Chattels, Monies, and Effects; and \f either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, or Peter Perring Esquire, shall, before the said first Day of February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three# transport or convey, or cause to be transported or conveyed, any of his or their Goods, Chattels, Monies, or other Effects whatsoever, out of this Realm, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then, and in every such Case, each of them, the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, so offending, and every other Person knowingly and willingly aiding and assisting the rein, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and stiffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And, for the more effedhtal Discovery of the Estate and Effects of the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Bz* ronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, and each of them/ be it enacted by the Authority afoMaid, That every Person or Persons, now being within this Kingdom, or who shall hereafter arrive in this Kingdom, who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall conceal or protect any Estate, real or personal, of or for either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, or Peter Perring Esquire, and shall not (before the first Day of January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, with respect to such Pjersons now being in this Kingdom; and within six Months next after their Arrival in this Kingdom, with respect to such Persons as are now out of the same) truly discover or dif-close such Trust and Estate in Writing to the said Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, for the Time being, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the Estate, real or personal, so concealed, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the other Moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance (in which Cases Costs shall be allowed to the Plaintiff as in other cases), and shall suffer Imprisonment for an whole Year without Bail or Mainprize.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall, before the said first Day of January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, voluntarily come before the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and make a true Discovery, upon Oath, of any Part of the Estates, real or personal, of either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, which shall have been concealed, and not inserted or discovered by any Particular or Inventory delivered in by the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, respectively, as is above directed, or on their respective Examinations, shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate or Effects so discovered, being in any Part beyond the Seas; and after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate and Effects so discovered, remaining within the Kingdom, to be paid and allowed to such Person or Persons, out of the net Proceeds of such Estate os Effects which shall be recovered on such Discovery,

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, shall fend, or cause to be sent, one or more Copy or Copies, duly authenticated, of the Particular or Inventories herein-before directed to be delivered, on Oath, to the Lord Chief Baron or Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at IPeJlminJhr, for the Time being, to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, and to the Mayor’s Court at Fort Saint George and Bombay, respectively; which said Copy or Copies the Judges of the Courts aforesaid aje hereby respectively required to enter of Record, within eight Days after the Receipt thereof: And that if any Person or Persons shall, within the Space of one Year after such Copy or Copits shall have been cn ered of Record, make a true Discovery on Oath, in Writing, to the Chief Justice, or the Mayor, or to any one other of the Justices, or two or more of the Aldermen of any of the Courts above mentioned, of any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, or personal Estate whatsoever, of the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, which mall have been wilfully concealed, and not inserted in such Copy or Copies, or not disclosed on any Examinations of the said Sir Thomas Rum* bold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, had in pursuance of this Act, then, and in such Case, such Per-

lon

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo (ccundo Georgii III. c. 55 - 57- 223

son or Persons so discovering shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate or Effects so discovered, to be paid and allowed out of the net Proceeds of such Estate or Effects, which shall be recovered on such Discovery; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George, and Bombay, respectively, to sue for and recover the Estate and Effects so discovered, in the Name of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. B, B

XII. And, for the more effectual Discovery of such Part of the Estate and Effects of the said Sir

Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, and each of them, which may now be in the who shall secrete'

East Indies/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, resident in India% in? Estate teal or who shall have accepted any Trust or Trusts, and shall conceal or protect any Estate, real or personal, of personal after a or for either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, and shall not, within hmucdTime. six Calendar Months after the Copy or Copies of the Particulars and Inventories herein-before mentioned

shall have been entered of Record as is herein above directed, truly discover or disclose such Trust or Estate in Writing to the said Chief Justice, or one of the Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal\ or to the Mayor, or two or more of the Aldermen of the Mayor’s Court at Fort St. George and Bombay respectively for the Time being, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the Estate, real or personal, so concealed; one Moiety thereof to the United Company of Merchants, of England trading to the East Indies, and the other Moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same; to be recovered by such Adioo,

Bill, or other Proceeding, as is competent in such Courts respectively for the Recovery of Debts due and owing; in which Cases Costs shall be allowed to the Plaintiff; and in case the Offender be a British Sub-jed, shall suffer Imprisonment at the Discretion of the respective Courts above-mentioned, not exceeding one whole Year, without Bail or Mainprize.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Lands, Tenements, and Hd- Forfeited

reditaments, Goods, Chattels, Monies, and other personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever, of *to

either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, or Peter Perring Esquire, which shall be forfeited and

recovered by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and answered into the Receipt of the Exchequer, there to *

remain for the future Dispofuion of Parliament, and subject to such Allowance to Discoverers as aforesaid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandirtjg.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to p^iuk Act be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to Ad 1 Geo. I, Ad 13 Car. II, Ad 25 Car.

44 II, Act 30 Car. II, Ad 8 Geo. I, Ad 9 Geo. II, Ad 18 Geo. II, and Ad 6 Geo. III. before the paf- sing of this Act; and who shall, on or before Dec. 25, 1782, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against Forfeitures. Not to indemnify any Person for any Penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify him- self. Not to exempt Justices acting without legal Qualification. Persons producing Appointments and Admissions before Dec. 25, 1782, shall he confirmed, and qualified to act as Clerk, Officer, or Mem- her of Corporations, &c. may enjoy all Offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indem- nified from all Penalties and Damages incurred by Teafon of Omissions. Not to extend to restore Per- fans to any Office avoided by Judgement, Persons who shall cause Affidavits to be filed before Michael- mas Term, 1782, are indemnified and discharged from Penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the General Issue.,r

CAP. LVI.

An Act more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire or erect, a Workhouse, within or near the said Parish, for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for building a new Bridge, instead of the present ancient Bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient Place over the River Loyne, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine, of Lancaster.

Power given to take down the ancient County Bridge, and ered a new one opposite Skerton Cross. Also to remove Obstructions where the Bridge is to be built, and to cut Drains, &c. Mayor,

bfc. of Lancaster to make a Road over the Green Area. New Bridge to be a County Bridge, andrepairetF 44 as such. Roads, when made, declared to be publick Highways. Roid over the Green Area to be a*

publick Highway. In Indictments, sufficient to alledge generally that Defendants ought to repair,

Preamble#

After Aug. t, 17SI1 cveiyPet-Ion buying or receiving ftulen Goods shall be deemed guijfy of a Misdemeanor, and prosecuted accordingly.

224. C. 58. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Power to dig, tfr. Materials in Waste Ground, gratis; and in private Grounds, making Satisfaction. c Justices to contract: with Proprietors for Materials, £$V. and to settle the Recompence: And if any Persons shall be dillicistied therewith, or shall be prevented from treating, a Jury shall be summoned; who Thai! alless the Damage and Recompence on Oath. Verdict of Jury, t?c. to be final. On Payment or renter of the Money afldted, Justices may employ Men to carry on the Work': An I they are in- demmfied for what they shall do. Expcucc of taking down the clJ Bridge and building the new one to be defrayed out of the County Rates. Persons damaging the Bridge, liable to certain Penalties. Power to fell che Materials of the old Bridge, CV. Power to dispose of the aiuicnt Bridge to the Commissioners of T the Quay. Certain Tolls teemed to the Corporation of Laticnjhr. Chaims of Compensation by Mr. ;-4 Brpjit:avj and Mr. Mafinh how to be tried, and Damages (if any) sustainrJ by Mr. Bradshaw afeer-'1 tained and paid. Proceedings not to be delayed by the Death of any of the Parties. Costs and Expences 14 to be p*id out of the general Stock of the County. No Satisfaction to be given to Mr. Rradjhaw or Mr*

4 Majin* if Actions not commenced within a limited Time, Personi aggrieved m >y appeal to the Qu.ir-4i ter dessions; whose Determination shall be final. Saving of Rights. Limitation of Anions. General Issue. Treble Costs., Inhabitants of Lancaster may terve on Juries, i5V. Publick Act.".

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for the more easy Discovery and effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods.

WHEREAS the pernicious Practices of buying and receiving stolen Goods are become a great Evil, by reason of the Difficulty of discovering the Persons guilty of the same, and of the Insufficiency of the Law9 now in being for the Punishment of such Offenders, in certain Cases be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, in all Cases whatsoever where any Goods or Chattels (except Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell-metal, and Solder), shall have been feloniously taken or stolen, whether the Offence of the Person or Persons so taking or dealing the same, shall amount to Grand Larceny or some greater Offence, or to Petit Larceny only (except where the Person or Persons actually committing the Felony shall have been already convicted of Grand Larceny, or of some greater Offence), every Person who shall buy or receive assy such Goods and Chattels, knowing the lame to have been so taken or stolen, shall be held and deemed guilty of, and maybe prosecuted for, a Misdemeanor, and shall be punished by Fine, Imprisonment, or Whipping, as the Court of Quarter Sessions, who are hereby impowered to try such Offender, or as any other Court before which he, she, or they, shall be tried, shall think fit to inflict; although the principal Felon or Felons be not before convicted of the said Felony, and whether he, she, or they, is or are amenable to Justice or not 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: And in Cases where the Felony actually committed shall amount to Grand Larceny, or to some greater Offence, and where the Person or Persons actually committing such Felony shall not be hefore convicted, such Offender or Offenders shall be exempted from being punched as Accessary or Accessaries, if such principal Felon or Felons shall be afterwards convicted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may *be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made before him upon Oath, that there is Reason to suspect that stolen Goods are knowingly concealed in any Dwelling House, Oufhouse, Garden, Yard, Croft, or other Place or Places, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause every such Dwelling House, Outhouse, Garden, Yard, Croft, or other Place or Places, to be searched in the Day Time; and the Person or Persons knowingly concealing the said stolen Goods, or any Part thereof, or in whose Custody the same, or any Hart thereof, shall be found, he, she, or they, being privy thereto, shall be deemed and held guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall and may be brought before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town Corporate, Riding, Division, Liberty, or Place, and made amenable toanswerthe fame, by like Warrant of any such Justice, and being thereof convicted by due Couile of Law, shall be punishable in the Manner aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ev?ry Constable, Headborough, or Ti-thing-man, in every County, City, Town Corporate, Ridine, Division, Liberty, or other Place where there shall be Officers, and every Beadle within his Ward, Parish, or District, and every Watchman, during such Time only as he is on his Duty, shall and may apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, all and every Person and Persons, who may reasonably be suspected of having, or carrying, or any ways conveying,* at any Time after Sun-setting, and before Sun-nfing, any Goods or Chattels suspected to be stolen, and the same, together with such Person or Persons, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey or carry before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town Corporate, Riding, Division, Liberty, or Place aforesaid, to be dealt with according to Law; and such Person and Persons, so carrying or conveying such Goods or Chattels, knowing the same to have been stolen, and being thereof convicted, by due Course of Law, shall be deemed and held to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and, on Conviction as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than three Calendar Months.

IV. And it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person, to whom any Goods or Chattels, which have been feloniously stolen or taken, shall be brought and offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, shall, and is hereby impowered and required (there being reasonable Cause to suspect that such Goods or Chattels were stolen) to apprehend, ftcure, and carry before a Justice of the Peace for the County,

9 City*

11 u’ 1

Justicei may gMnt Srurch Warrants to dif» rover llolen OjctiJ.

Punishment of Persons in whose Custody they are found.

Constables, &c. may apprrhend Persons suspected of having any Aden Goodi, between Sun-{ sting and Sun-riling, &c.

Persons offering stolen Goods to be pawned or fold, Dull be Taken before a. Justice.

A.D. 1782. lnno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 59, 60. 225

City, Town Cafs againi Division, Liberty, or Place, where the same Goods and Chattels shall be

so brought or offWiforefaic^iN pawned, or delivered (having it in his or her Power so to do), the Person and Persons bringi \\flg the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being out of Persons umfcr Custody or in Custody, if undfcr the Age of fifteen Years, upon any Charge of Felony within benefit of 1$ Veuirf Clergy, shall have committed any Felony after the first Day of AuguJ?, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and shall afterwards discover two or more Persons who shall have bought or received any enntLl'm Goods or Chattels, which shall have been feloniously stolen or taken from any other Person or Persons, his

after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, knowing the same to be Pardon. stolen, so as two or more of the Persons discovered shall be convicted of such buying or receiving, he, she, or they, so discovering, shall have and be entitled to the gracious Pardon of his Majesty, his Heirs and*

Successors, for all such Felonies by him or her committed at any Time or Times before such Discovery made, which Pardon shall be likewise a Bar to any Appeal brought for such Felony.

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal any former Law now in This Act iwtt#

being for the Punishment of such Offenders; and provided also, that such Offender, after having teen

prosecuted and convicted under this Act, shall not, for the same Offence, be afterwards punished, or liable such or-

to be punished by any such former Law. fenders.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to provide that the Proceeding on the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of the Parliament.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a Bill is depending in the ffoufe erf G^mdsonf, (intituled, A Bill for infli fling certain

Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet ± and Peter Perring Esquire* for certain Recital of a BI1! 4 Breaches of publick Tru/i, and high Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held now depending the 'Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of *? the Hoo*c 'A 4 Fort St. George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies): And whereas, on account of the pre- CominD&s.

fentlate Period of the Session, and of the Evidence necessary to be adduced to prove the Allegations of the Bill, it is probable the Parliament may be prorogued before the said Bill can be properly considered:

And whereas it is highly expedient for the publick Service that the said Bill should be proceeded on as early as possible in the next Session of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Proceedings on the said Bill,* now depending in the House of Commons The Proceeding* (intituled, A Billfor inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Per- on the/awi.fiH ring Esquire, for certain Breaches of publick Trust, and high Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them be {jJh^oa"

whilst they respectively held the Off ces of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Select Com- Prorogation or mittee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies), shall not be Dlss&iurion of discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament; but the said Bill may be proceeded on in Parliament, the next Session of Parliament in such and the same Manner as could or might have been in case the present Session of Parliament had been continued, and no Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament had happened or taken place.

CAP. LX.

An Act to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, Muslins and Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, Plates or other Implements used in that Manufactory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit the exporting to foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates or other Implements.

WHEREAS the Business or Manufactory of printing Callicoes, Cottons, Muslins, and Linens, p^sic. with Wooden Blocks, has been long carried on in this Kingdom, greatly to the Advantage of the Publick, and has of late Years been much improved by using therein engraved Plates of Copper or other f Metal, and thereby the Sale of such Goods has been considerably increased, and large Quantities exported: And whereas, for the encouraging of such Manufactory in this Kingdom, it is necessary that Provision should be made to prevent Artificers and others employed therein, or in making or repairing such Blocks and Plates, from departing, or from being seduced to depart out of this Kingdom -9 and to prohibit the Exportation of any Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, to be used in such Manu- factory May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

2 26 C. 60. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

P -nnhy on Persons enticing Workmen em* pl< veH in priming Calicoes,

C< &c.

to leate the Kingdom*

Prosecution to

be ton.menced Mvitnin twelve Months.

Penalty on er-

por'ing or attempting to cx-porr, any Blocks, Plates, &c. used in the said Manufactory.

Officers ?m-powerrd to ftixe such Blocks, &c» as shall be attempted to be exported.

Penalty on Captains, Matters,

Ikc. who shall permit such Blocks, Plates, &c. to be put on board theur Vct-Itls,

Penalfy cn Officers who shall take any Entry outward for exporting any of the fold Blocks, &c

Application of forleituicr.

Limitation of Actiona.

Central I due.

1

the passing of this Act, iF any Person or Persons shall contract with, entice, perfuJ^Sxndeavour to fe-duce or encourage, any Artificer or Workman concerned or employed, or who l.1f:e :,^rve worked at, or been employed in, printing Callicoes,'Cottons, Muslins, or Linens of any Sort, t' making or preparing any Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, for such Manufactory, ;u out of Great Britain, to any Parts beyond the Seas, and shall be convicted thereof, upon Indictment or Information in the Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or by Indictment at the Affixes or General Goal Delivery for the County or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall live or rclide, or by In* distment in the Court of Judiciary, or any of the Circuit Courts in Scotland, as the Case may be; every Person so convicted shall, for every Artificer so contrafted with, enticed, persuaded, encouraged, or fe-duced, or attempted so to be, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the common Gaol for the County, Place, or Stewartry, wherein the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of twelve Calendar Months, and until such Forfeiture shall be paid; and in case of a subsequent Offence of the same Kind, the Person or Persons so again offending, shall, upon the like Conviction, forfeit and pay, for every Person so contracted with, enticed, persuaded, encouraged, or seduced, or attempted so to be, the Sum of one thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the common Goal as aforesaid, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for and during the Term of two Years, and until such Forfeiture shall be paid.

II. Provided always, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months next after such Offence shall be committed.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and -after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to export from Great Britain to any Parts beyond the Seas, any Blocks, Piates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, commonly used in, or which are proper for the preparing, working up, or finithing of the Callico, Cotton, Muffin, or Linen Printing Manufactures, or any Part or Parts of such Block?, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils; and if any Person or Persons shall put or endeavour to put on board any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter, or ether Vessel, not bound directly to feme Port in Great Britain, any such Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof, every such Person shall forfeit all such Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof; and also shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor mote than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, and they are hereby required and directed, from Time to Time, to seize, and secure in some of his Majesty's Warehouses, all such Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof, the Exportation whereof is hereby prohibited, as he or they shall find, or be informed to be on board, or in a Way of being put on board any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, not bound directly to some Port in Great Britain; and all Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof, so seized, shall, after Condemnation thereof in due Course of Law, be publickly sold to the best Bidder, to be ufeu in Great Britain, and not elsewhere; and one Moiety of the Produce shall goto the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers who shall have seized and secured the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if the Captain, Master, Mate, or other Offfcr, of any Ship or other Vessel in Great Britain or Ireland, shall willingly or knowingly permit or suffer any such Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof, to be put on board his or their Ship or other Vessel, or shall connive at the same being done, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be recovered as the Penalties by this Act imposed on Persons exporting Blocks, or other Things, as aforesaid, are directed to be recovered; and if the Ship or Vessel belongs to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Captain, or other Officer or Officers thereof, so permitting, suffering, or conniving, shall, besides forfeiting the said Sum of one hundred Pounds, be, and is and are hereby declared to be incapable of holding any Office or Commission under his Majesty, his Heirs or Sucre (Tors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Officer or Officer# of his Majesty's Customs shall take, or knowingly and willingly permit or allow, or suffer to be taken* any Entry or Entries outward, or sign any Cocket or Cockets or Suff erance, for the shipping or exporting of any of the said Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof, or knowingly suffer the fame'to be done, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be recovered in Manner aforesaid; and shall also forfeit and lose his or their Office or Employment, and be for ever rendered incapable of holding any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the respective Forfeitures, by this Act inflicted on Offenders against the same, shall, when recovered, go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Hein and Successors; and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall sue and prokcutc for the same respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit A)act be commenced against any Person for what he shall do in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and the Person so sued shall and may file common Bail, and enter a common Appearance, and plead the General Issue-Not guilty, and may give this Act arnd the facial Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Aonfuit, or suffer Discontinuance, or if 2

1 Verdi#

After July*f, 178*, an additional Duty of 3 d. per Pound to b.- paid for all White Bee*

Wax impored into this King-

V

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 61, 62,

Verdict shall pais against him, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given again# him, then, and in

[Treble Costs.]

any of the Cases aforesaid, the Defendant shall recover

[Treble Costs.]

1 /

CAP. LXI.

An Act for granting an additional Duty upon White or Manufactured Bees Wax imported into Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences,

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties herein-

after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted \ ind be it enacted W the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, over and above.all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies and Duties whatsoever, due*and payable for all White or Manufactured Bees Wax imported into Great Britain* determined by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto ins Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, before landing thereof, the additional Rates, Duties, and Imposts following, without any Discount or Deduction Whatsoever; that is to say.

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of such White or Manufactured Bees Wax, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of Three-pence, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar the said additional Rate or Duty herein-before mentioned, shall be also subject and liable to an additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as the additional Duryof five Pounds per Centum is granted to hF Majesty by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under tue Management of the respective Commissioners of the Cujltms and Excise in Great Britain.

III. And it is hereby f ur ,her enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties and Im-

Eofts, herein-before granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, pjid, and recovered, in such Manner and orm, and by such Ways Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the former Duties now payable to his Majesty upon Bees Wax are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and the same shall be under the Management of the n-spective Commissioners of the Cuf-tomsand their Officers for the Tinye being, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs in England, and shall be by him paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in the following Manner 5 that is to say. The said additional Du'y upon White and Manufactured Bees Wax shall be paid in distinct and apart from all other Monies which such Receiver-gener d shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned; and the said additional Impost of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duty granted by this Act, shall be paid in as Part of the said Impost granted by the before-mentioned Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, under the Title and Description of The Impojl one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That theie shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty and Impost, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from 3II other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as fhA\ be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, and not otherwise applied, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, ond for establishing a Lottery,

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Exportation of any White or Manufactured Bees Wax from this Kingdom to any Port or Place beyond the Seas as Merchandize, the Exporter shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the before mentioned Duties paid upon the Importation of such Bees Wax by virtue of this Act; which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as any former Drawback or Allowance payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of Bees Wax was, could, or might be made, before the passing of this Act.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for raising and training the Militia, as relates to Persons paying the Sum of ten Pounds being liable to serve again in the Militia at the Expiration of three Years; and also to oblige Substitutes to make Oath respecting their Place of Settlement.

WHEREAS *y an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to explain, amende and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in fragg

G g a /I

The new Duty

to bt subject to an additional 5 per Cent, agreeable to 19 Geo. III, Cap. 25*

The new Dntiet to be levied md recovi re in the fm.e M.u«nr a* the f.-rmei 1-tif* on Ij'-c*

Wax; *nu to be und-r ’he Ma-naterr>rni 0 the Coron UhotvM* ot th.: C’.iftom*. How o be paid into the txchfi* quer.

A Boole *o be provided in the Aut'ito/s Other, m wh.in the new Duty shall he fepa-ra rly entered. Apphcatioa thereof.

A Drawback of the Ou h-s to bt allowed on Ex« porution.

228

Persons chosen in the Militia, and paying 10l. shall not be obliged to serve until it shall

Substitute* to be (worn.

The Oath.

Not to eitend to

Substitutes willing to continue after the Expiration of their Time of Service.

[Preamble.]

19 Geo. If. Cap. 39, recited.

So much of the recited Act or any other Acts, as redrains the Use of the High-land Dress, repealed.

[Preamble.]

Recital of *n

Ml ? Jac, Ij

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 63, 64.

to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, That if any Person, chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia (not being one of the People called Quakers), shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the Oath by the said Act required, and serve in the Militia, or provide a Substitute, to be approved as therein mentioned, who shall take the said Oath, and sign his Content to serve as a Substitute, every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and at the Expiration of three Years be liable to serve again, or provide a Substitute: And whereas it is by the said Act likewise enabled, That no Person having served personally, or by Substitute, in the Militia, shall be obliged to serve again, until by Rotation it comes to his Turn:* And whereas very high Prices are frequently given by Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, for the Hire of Substitutes to serve in their Stead: And whereas such high Prices are attended with many Inconveniences, and are, in a great Measure, owing to the Advantages which Persons providing Substitutes are intitled to in Preference to those who pay the Penalty of ten Pounds directed by the said Act to be paid by Persons refusing or neglecting to serve in the Militia:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be applied to the Purposes directed by the said Act, such Person shall not be obliged to serve in the Militia, until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn \ any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

come to their Turn.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person offering himself so serve as a Substitute in the Militia, shall be accepted and inrolled as such, unless he takes and subscribes the following Oath j videlicet \

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, the Place of my Settle-4 A me nr is the Parish of in the County of [being the County in which the

Substitute then offers to serve ]’

Which Oath any one Deputy Lieutenant, or one Justice of the Peace, are hereby required to administer at that Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants and Justices where such Substitute is to be inmlled.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Substitutes now serving in any Corps of Militia, who may, when the Time of their present bervice is-expired, be willing to continue to serve in the same Corps for a further Time.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of King George the Second, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, as restrains the Use of the Highland Dress.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands and for restraining the use of the Highland dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majeflys Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the Court oj Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May, one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and for obliging the Mijlers and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to register the same;

it was, among other Things, enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, no Man or Boy, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, other than such as should be employed as Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty's Forces, should, on any Pretence whatsoever, wear or put on the Clothes, commonly called Highland Clothes \ (that is to say,) The Plaid, Philebeg or Little Kilt, Trowfe, Shoulder Beits, or any Part whatsoever of what pe- cuiiady belongs to the Highland Garb, and that no Tartan, or Party coloured Plaid or Stuff, should be uted for Great Coats or for Upper Coats, under the Penalties therein mentioned $ and the Time appointed for laying stele the said Highland Dress was, in certain Cases therein mentioned, further prolonged by two several Acts, one made in the twentieth, and the other in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second: And whereas it is judged expedient that so much of the Acts above mentioned as retrains the Use of the Highland Dress should be repealed

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the Acts above-mentioned, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, as restrains the Use of the Highland Dress, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for the amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the First, for the the Execution, of divers Law* and Statutes theretofore made against Rogues,

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 64. 229

Vagabonds, and sturdy Beggars, and other lewd and idle Persons, Houses of Correction are directed to be provided in every County, and furnished with all necessary Mills and other Implements to set the Rogues,

Vagabonds, and sturdy Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persons, to work, at the Expence of every such County, by Order of the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions, who are also to appoint a Governor or Matter of every such House of Correction, with Power to see the said Persons on Work: And whereas by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to amende and ?nake more effectual, the Laivs relating to Rogues^ Vagabonds^ and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to the Houses of Corrections the Justices of the Peace are authorised, upon Pre- fentment by the Grand Jury at the Assizes, that the House of Correction is not sufficient or convenient,

by Order, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to enlarge, or buy, or hire a more convenient House, or to purebate Land for such Building?, and for a convenient Outlet, and ro erect such Houses,

and to raise upon the County such Sums or Money as shall be necessary for those Purposes: And whereas, by many odier Acts of Parliament, Persons are directed to be sent by Warrants from Justices of the Peace to the Houses of Correction, thereto be kept to hard Labour for a limited Time: And whereas in many Counties the said Houses of Correction are inefficient in Number, or deficient in Building, and the Apartments in them are very ill accommodated to the Purposes for which they were intended} by Means whereof, and from a Want of due Order, Employment, and Discipline in such Houses of Correction, the Persons sent thither for Correction and Reformation frequency grow more dissolute and abandoned during their Continuance in such Houses:’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace in every County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, and Precinct, within England and Wales, at their respective Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held next after Midsummer from the Time of passing this Act, shall, and they are hereby required to nominate one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, Divisions, or Districts, whom they shall think most proper, to examine and inspect the several Houses of Correction within their respective Jurisdictions} and the Justice or Juf-tiecs, so to be nominated, is and are hereby required carefully and diligently to inspect the same, with all convenient Speed, and to report his or their Opinion to the Justices of their respective Jurisdictions, at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions then next following, as to the State and Condition thereof, and the Increase of Number, or Additions or Alterations which they may judge ntcdTary to make them more convenient ' and useful, having Regard to the classing of the several Persons who shall be kept there, according to the Nature of their Crimes and Punishments, and to the providing proper Places for the Employment of such Persons who are committed to hard Labour, and to the keeping every Part of such Persons clean and wholesome; and the said Justice or Justices, so to be nominated, is and are hereby required to employ proper and skilful Persons to make Plans and Estimates of new Buildings, or the Additions or Alterations which he or they shall think necHVary in the pTefent Buildings to make them answer the several Purposes of this Act; which Plans, together with the Report of the said Justice or Justices, shall be laid before the Court at the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions; or if, from any Difficulties or Accidents, such Report shall not happen to be made at that Sessions, then, and in that Case, the same shall be made at or before the Epiphany Quarter Sessions then next following; which Court is hereby authorised and required to consider the same, and if they approve such Plans, they may adjourn the Quarter Sessions to a further Day for receiving Proposals from Persons inclined to undertake such Work, of which due Notice shall be publiftud, and then to contract wish such Persons whom they shall think must proper to do the fame; or if they dif-' approve such Plans or Fftimates, to direct such others to be made as they shall think fic, and adjourn their Quarter Sessions to feme further Day, to receive such new Plans and Estimates, and also Proposals from Persons inclined to undertake the Work; and the Justices, in settling and adjusting such Plans, are hereby required to provide separate Apartments for all Persons, committed upon Charges of Felony, or convicted of any Theft or Larceny, and committed to the House of Correction for Punishment by hard Labour, under or by virtue of the Laws in being, in order to prevent any Communication between them and the other Prisoners; and also proper Apartments covered or open, as shall be found most convenient for employing the several Persons who are to be kept to hard Labour; and they are also to provide separate Apartments, in each Division of the said House of Correction, for the Women who shall be committed thither.

II. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, shall, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, uporvany Report to them made as aforesaid, to make such Order thereupon as to them shall fcem just, and the Nature of the Case may require.

they flitll

and 17 Geo. II, Cap. 5.

Justices, anheir Quarter Srfiions, to nominate a Justice in each O ftriil ro exa-rrvne the Moults-of Correction*

The Justices so nominated to roalte a Report, Sec. to the next Michaelmas Quarter Sessions*

Separate Apartments to be provided for Pet font committed for Felony, See.

Justices. at their General Quarter Sessionsjto make such Order* a* think pioper.

Building* to be furnished, and provided w ih Mills, Ljorrs, Sc c.

III. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such Buildings shall be made* or altered jmd eomp!etedy according to the Directions aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, shall order them to be ficted up and furnished in such Manner as to them shall seem fit *r and shall also provide such Mills, Looms, Utensils, and Implements, as they shall judge proper for employing the several Persons who shall be committed to such Houses of Correction for hard Labour: And the said Justices shall, at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, call upon the Keeper of such House of Correction to produce to them in Writing a List of the several Persons then, in Custody, with a Description of the Offence or Offences, and the Time for which every such Person was committed, distinguishing particularly those who are directed by the Warrant of Commitment to be kept to hard Labour, and also distinguishing the Age and Sex of every such Person committed to hard Labour, and in what Trade, Manufacture, or Business, every such Person bath been employed, and what he or she hath been most accustomed to, and is best qualified for, and how eacEPerson. has hehaved. during, his or her Confinement*, according to the best of his

Information:

230

Itc'per* of Housei of Cof-rctf i n 10 deliver to the Quarter Sessions Ltils of the Persons in their frspective Custody.

Rule* and Order* cont imed in the Schedule to be observed in the Housei of Correction.

Expence of

maintaining the Ft ifonert in the Ho'ifeiof Cor. redlfon, tee. how to be defrayed.

Any Jortiee may

pre ent the Want of H Miles ot CcrreO on to thr Qtiarccf Selhont,

All Prisoners in filth Honfri *o be ui*p»oy«<i by the Covcrnur.

No Gorernor, or

Officer under him, to fell Win*, & c. or any Article used in the fioufe*

J-ift'ces to fix a i>y.a*y for the Oovirnor.

No Wot an to be Kfcoer of any fictile of Cor-rrthon. Ootrrnor* im-pv W'Teci Ui iund-

o.fr refractory F.i.vaers.

C. 64.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Information and Observation; which Lift the Keeper of every such House of Correction is hereby directed to make out, and deliver to the Chairman of such Court of Quarter Scifi >ns, as f^on as such Court shall be assembled; and the Courr shall, before the End of that S.’ffion. give such Directions for the futme Employment of toe laid several P/Woneis as to them shall seem meet; and the Justices shall, at their General Quarter Session of the Peace, from Time to Time, order and direct a sufficient Quantity of Matenals for Manufactures to be provided for the Use and Employment of the several Persons who Ihftl be committed to such House of Correction for h*rd Labour, of Inch Kinds as they in their Discretion shall think most proper; and shall employ some fit Person to be the Keeper of such House of Correction, and may appoint a ‘ temporary Assistant or Assistants toinftruft such Pnioncrsin any Businessor Branch of Manufacture which the Justices shall think most proper to be set 00 foot and undertaken the*e.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, specified and contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, for the better Rule and Government of the Persons to be committed to the said Houses of Correction, shall be duly obfemd and enforced at every such House of Correfti *n, subject nevertheless to such Additions as shall from Time to Time be made by the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Phce, wherein such House of Correction shall be firu.ite, at their Quarter sessions which shall be hftd next after Midsummer or Mich:.elmas% and which they are hereby authorised to make a: their Discretion; provided that such Additions shall not be contract story to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations establiftu*d by this Act: And, for the Purpose of h ving then more generally known, and more strictly attended to, the G >vemors or Keepers of every such House of Correction shall and they are hereby required to caure the same to be printed tn plain legible Characters, and fixed up in feme conspicuous P in of every such Pris >n.

V. And, in order to defray the Expends of the several Matters and Things herein-before directed to be done respecting Houses of Correction, and the Support and Maintenance of Prisoners confined there, and other Expenses necessary to the Execution of this Act, hot herein particularly provided for,* be it further en*ft<d, That the Justices of the Peace, at thei^ General Quarter S lfions, may and (hill cause such Sums <1 Money, as shall be necefLry for all or any ot mo c Purpose.*, to oe raised in the same Manner as Kafes are directed to be raised by an Act made i.i me twe tm Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy ojfejfing^ collecting% and levying of County Rates.

VI. Am be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Want of Houses of Correction, or the Insuffici ncy thereo, may be prefen.ed at the Court of Quarter Sessions by a Justice of the Peace acting for luen Division or District, on his own View or Knowledge thereof, as well as by the Grand Jury; pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; which Prefrntment by the Justice shall be proceeded upon in the same Manner as it it had been m^de by the Grand Jury.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Keeper of every House of Correction, and he is hereby directed to employ all such Persons as shall be Prisoners therein, and kept and maintained at the Expence of the County, Division, or District, wherein such House of Correction is situate, in some Work or Labour which is not feveie, although such Prisoner was not, by the Warrant of his Commitment ordered to be kept to Labour; and every such Governor or Keeper shall enter afep-irate Account of the Work done by every Person under that Description, and shall account with and pay to him or her one Half of the nett Profits, which he or she shall have earned, at the Tjmeof his or her Discharge, and not before.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall be Governor or Keeper of any H *use of Correction, or who shall have any Office or Employment, as Assistance, or otherwise, under such Governor or Keeper of such House of Correction, shall fell, or be capable of being licensed to fell, or have any Benefit or Advantage whatsoever, directly or indirectly, from the Sale of any Wine, Ale, Beer, Spirituous or other Liquors or any other Article, Matter, or Thing, used in such House of Correction, or by any Person or Persons confined therein, during the Time of such Employment; and every Person offending therein shall, on Complaint made upon Oath, and Conviction for the faiu Offence, before a Magistrate having Jurisdiction there, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Offence, and shall be dismissed from his Employment as Governor or Keeper, or as Assistant in such House of Correction, by Order of the Justices at their nexy General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, on Proof being made upon Oath before them of the said Offence; and that no Wine, Ale, Spirituous or other Liquors, shall be brought into the House of Correction to be drank there, unless for a medical Purposie, by a written Direction, under the Hand of the Apothecary or Surgeon usually attending such House of Correction; and that the Directions given by the said last mentioned Act for the Inspection and Comroul by the Justices over the Master or Keeper of every such House of Correction, shall be strictly adhered to and enforced, and every such Governor and Keeper punished for his Neglect of Duty or M.(behaviour, according to the Directions of the said Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, in their /respective Quarter Sessions, shall fix a reasonable Salary for the Governor or Keeper of the House of Correction, and may moreover all w him some Proportion of the Profits earned by the Prisoners.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Woman shall be capable of being appointed Keeper of any House of Correction.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of every House of Correction shall have Power to put Handcuffs or Fetters upon any Prisoner who shall behave in a refractory Manner, or shew a Disposition to break out of Pftion; but such Governor shall give Notice thereof to one of the visiting Justices, within forty-eight Horns after the Prisoner shall be so fettered; and he shall not continue such Fettering longer than six Days, without obtaining an Order in Writing from one of the visiting Justices.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 65, 231

XII'. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, may, Jofthfimay *j>-if they think fit, appoint a Minister of the Church of England, refiJing in or near toe Place where every *K,f,r a C!,fr^7rn such House of Corieftion shall he situate, to perform divine Service there every Sunday, and may appoint such Salary for his Trouble 3$ they shall think fit, n">t exceeding twenty Pounds per Annum, to be pa d by in any iWeof the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such House ftull be situate, out of the Co.re&iciw County Rates, or other publick Money to be collected therein; but such Salary to be diminished, at any future Quarter Sessions, if the Justices shall think fie.

XIII. And be it furtheV enacted, That all Penalties infl.ft.t) by this Act shall, in D fault of Payment, Penalties hew to

after due Summons and Demand made, be levied by Distress and S^le of the Offender’s Goods and Chat- ^coveredand

tels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace h iving Jurisdiction aPPlled*

where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus (if any), after the Charges of such Distress and Sale C1 all be deducted; and in case sufficient Difirefs shall not be found, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice of the Peace to commit such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space not exceeding iix Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month; and that every such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, or Disttift, where such House of Correction shall be situate, in Aid of the common Stock, out of which the Expences attending the Execution of the several Purposes of this Act are to be paid as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Pub- P»Wick A^| lick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without the same being specially pleaded.

RULES, Orders, and Regulations, to be observed and enforced at every House of Correction provided and established, or to be provided and established, Under the Authority of the Acts of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the First, the seventeenth of King George the Second, and the twenty-iecond of King George the Third.

I. THAT the several Persons who shall be committed to the House of Correction to be kept to hard Labour, shall be employed (unless prevented by ill Health) every Day, during their Confinement (except Sundays, Christmas day, and Good Friday), for so many Hours as the Day-light in the different Seasons of the Year will admit, not exceeding twelve Hours, being allowed thereout to rest Half an Hour at Breakfast, an Hour at Dinner, and Half an Hour at Supper, and that the Intervals shall be noticed by the ringing of a Bell.

fi. That the Governor of each House of Correction shall adapt the various Employments, which shall be directed by the Justices.at their Quarter Sessions, to each Person in such Manner as shall bebeft suited to his or her Strength and Ability, Regard being had to Age and Sex.

III. That the Males and Females shall be employed, and shall also eat and be lodged, in separate Apartments, and shall have no Intercourse or Communication with each other.

IV. That every Person so committed shall be sustained with Bread, and any coarse but wholesome Food, and Water; but Persons under the Care of the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, shall be sustained with such Food and Liquor as he shall direct.

- V. That the Governor, and such other Persons (if any) as shall be employed by the Justices to assist the Governor, shall be very watchful and attentive in seeing that the Persons so committed are constantly employed during the Hours of Work; and if any Person shall be found remiss or negligent in performing what is requiird to be done by such Person to the bell of his or her Power and Ability, or shall wilfully waste, spoil, or damage the Goods committed to his or her Care, the Governor shall punish every such Person in the Manner hereafter directed.

VI. That if any Person to committed shall refuse to obey the Orders given by the Governor, or shall be guilty of profane cuifingor swearing; or of any indecent Behaviour or Expression, or of any Assault, Quarrel, or abusive Words, to or with any other Person; he or she shall be punished for the same in the Manner hereafter directed.

VII. That the Governor shall have Power to punish the several Offenders for the Offences herein-before described, by closer Confinement; and shall enter in a Book, to be kept by him for the Inspection of the Justices at the Quarter Sessions, and the vifning Justice or Justices, the Name of every Person who shall be so punished by him, expressing the Offence, and the Duration of the Punishment inflicted.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to enable the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators to open a Street from the Strand, at or near the East End of the New Church, to the South End of Stanhope Street in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster and to make a more commodious Communication between the North End of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and Wylde Street in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

233 C. 65. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament 1 Stirernbled, towards railing, by the most eafv Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have f/eely and voluntarily rdolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Subsidies and Duties herein after mentioned ;* and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo]al, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Import or Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Subsidies, Imports, and other Duties, of what Kind or Nature soever they may be, which are now due and payable to his Majesty, and are collected in this Kingdom, under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, for and upon any Goods and Merchandizes imported into, or exported from, or carried Coastwise in Great Britain, except and exclusive of the additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, commonly called The Impost one thousand seven hundred and fcvtnty-nine, which was granted by an /ocl made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the njpctlive Comn. ijji. net s of the Custorm and Excise in Great Britain; which laid additional Impost or l)uty by this Act granted shall be charged and paid upon the Amount of the said former Subsidies, Imparts, and other Duties, and shall be wholly repaid and drawn back upon the Exporta ion of the Goods, under the same Ru.es, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and in the same Manner and Form in all Respects, as the said additional Impost one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, is now charged, collected, paid, and drawn back, and shall be appropriated and applied to the Uses and Purport's in this Act mentions!.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eiyhty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum, upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Charges (except as herein after is excepted), now payable to his Majesty, and which are charged and collected under the Management of the respective Commissioners ot Extile in England and Scotland; which said additional Duty of five Pounds ter Centum, hereby imposed, shall and may, from Time to Time, be charged, raised, levied, recovmed, and secured, by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions, as the several and respective Inland Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Charges, on the Produce and Amount of which the said additional Duty or Charge is hereby imposed, are or can, by any Statute now in Force, be respectively charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back, ns fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the several Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Mitbods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers of Mitigation, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum, the Produce or Amount of the Duties on Beer, Malt, Sope, Tallow Candles, Hides, or Skins, brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or diefted, within Great Britain; or to charge with the said Duty the Produce or Amount of the several Duties of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum respectively imposed upon the Produce and Amount of the several Inland Duties, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland\ by the several Acts respectively made in the nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty-first Years of his present Majesty's Reign, or by any or either of them; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. grant-d in 19 Go, III, Scc,

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Imports and Duties by this Act granted, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Hinds of the Receiver-general of the Customs, and to the Cashier of the Excise in England respectively, for the Time being; and such Receiver-general and Cashier respectively shall, weekly, to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be notan Holiday, and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an Holiday, answer and pay all the Monies arising by the said additional Imports and Duties (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answer-

ing the same, only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, diffinft and apart from all other Monies which such Receiver-general and Cashier respectively shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the LJfes and Purposes in this Act mentioned, to bs kept fepa- V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept, in the rate from ah Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising

other Duties; from the said several Imports and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered fepa-

rate

From July 15, J7?», an additional Duty after the Rate of 5 per Cenr.of the for tow Duties, laid on all Goods imponed into, exported fr i*t, or

cjirird Ccaftwife in, Great Britain, Exception.

19 Geo. III.

25.

A* additional Dufy on all exciscable Guods (except if after <xccpteri), after the Rale of 5 yrx Cent, of the totrr.tr Duties,

This Act not to affect the Duties on Beer, Malt, Sope, Tallow Canoles, and Elides, btewed, made, Stc. in Great Britain;

ner the additional 5 per Cent*, on the Excise Duties,

New Duties to be paid into the h'*quei weekly;

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. 233

rate and apart from aH other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any and to be applies Account whatsoever 5 and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, Payment of together with such other Rates, Dudes, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this grjntejnbu,t1t^c Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fand for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such Lottery Act of other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Sef- thii Session. fion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for qfla-blishing a Lottery

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Preamble assembled, towards raising the aecefTary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.’

2,284,715l. lor, 8d, granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year; Treasury impowered to raise the Sum of 2,28^,715 /. rax. $d. Or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Sinking Fund. All Pedfons who flwH fend any Money upon the Credit of this Act to have a Tally of Loan^ with Orders for Repayment of the Money, with Imereft. Orders to be registered in Course. No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages, with full Colb. Penalty of undue Preference in Point of Registry or Payment. Auditor, &c. neglecting his Duty, liable for Damages, il1c. to be recovered at Westminster. No undue Preference in the registering, where Orders are brought the same Day; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before others not brought in Course, so as Money be reserved for the preceding 41 Qrftrs. Orders akey bd assigned. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the Treasury may raise the 4t said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loam apd the Bills in such Case to be made in the Maimer il prfescribed by the Land Tax Act of this Session* All Advantages and Penalties in the Land Tax Act u of this Session, relating to Loans o* Exchequer Brits thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this Act. The said Exchequer Bills, Imereft, and Charges, are to be paid out of the Sinking Fund* " Bank authorised to lend *o his Majesty the Sum of 2,284,715l. for. 8d.\ notwithstanding an Act of 11 5 and 6 Gul. & Maria. The Sum of 200,00ol. Surplus of the Sinking Fund, on Oct. io, 1781 5 " -^670,760l. mx. 2 d.; a. of the said Surplus, oh April 5, 1782 23,645 /. 2x. y d, in the Hands of the

" Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital; and 10,25li. i8x. n ti. in the Exchequer; shall be applied to* 44 wards making good the> Supply. A Sum not exceeding 9,323 /. 6 s. Z 4. being the respited Pay of 14 sundry Regiments for the Year 1776 ;—28,346l. 5l. being the respited Pay of sundry Regiments for the Year 1777;—17,448/ being the respited Pay of sundry Regiments for the Year 1778 37,-00l.

being the respited Pay of sundry Regiments for the Year 1779 and 63,928l. is. 6d. out of the Savings of the Sums voted for the Charge of eighty Independent Companies foe the Year 1781, all re- 44 maining in the Hands of the Paymaster General, shall be applied towards defraying the extraordinary 4* Expectces of the Land Forces, &c. from fan. 31, 1781, to Feb. i, 1782. The Monies arising by the Land Tax, Malt Tax, Lottery Act, Loans (1,500,000l.), further Loans (1,900,000l.), Vote of fi Credit (1 ,coo, ooc /), 20c,0:0l. remaining in the Exchequer on Oft* io, 1781, of the Surplusses of the Sirtking Fund; 670,760l. 11 x. 2d> 37. remaining on April 5, 1782, of the said Surpluflesi 44 23,645l. 2s. yd. remaining in th^ Hands of the Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, idc; 10,2; 1l. 18l. 44 nd. remaining in the Exchequer; and 2,284,715l. iox. 8d. by this Act granted out of the Surplusses *c of the Sinking Fund; shall be applied to the Uses following: 6,^63,285 /. 12;. cjd. towards Nava! 44 Services; 1,500,000l. towards paying off the Navy Debt; 696,001 /. 13X. 5 d. for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, for 1782; 899,723l. ter. yd. for ditto, not provided for, in 1781; .7,661,421 f 4i 13X. 41l. 1 q. towards maintaining the Land Forces, tfc.; of which 1,242,835l. zx. 3 d. for defraying the Charges of 49,41:5 effective Men, including Officers, and 4,175 Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, fc? c. in Great Britain^ fsfe.; 1,315,523l. $s- iod. for Forces and Gar rifon sin the Plantations, Africa^ and the " West Indies^ 6sfc.; 43,84.0 /. 6x. for General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain; 56,074l. igj. 44 4 d. iq. for five Hanoverian Battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for three of the said Battalions at Gibraltar, for the Year 1782; 367,203l. qx, \od* for 13,472 Troops of HejTe CajJ'ct% 44 &c.; 61,108l. 11 x. 1 q. for two Regiments of Hanau, &c. > 17,498l. 3l. 2 d. 3 q. for a Regiment Of Waldechy &c.\ 93,947l. 1 c x. 8 d. for 4,300 Bruns%v'tckers\ bV.; 43,665l. 12;, 3 d. for 1,550

Troops of Brandebourg Anf^acb; 23,818l. mx. nd. 1 q. for Infantry, of Anhalt Zerbjl\ 5 5,409 A 44 for Provisions for foreign Troops serving in America; 15,499l. 17 x. 5 A* tb make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of Hesse Cajfel, for 1781; 3,282l. ux. 5 d. to make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of Brandebourg Anfpach; 4,942 /. 191. to make good a Deficiency in

I MfOCV

234 C. 68. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

44 11117525 21,329l. v8x. 8</- for defraying the Charge of aRegiment of Light Dragoons,; 36,280l. ioj,

Sd. for advanced Pay for Troops for the £tf/7 Indies 5 92,^81 /. 175. 1 </, to the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital\ 542l. 14J. 1 d» for an additional Company, &c. of Militia in South Britain, for i* :i; 77,595l.

44 19 j. 2 </. for reduced Officers of Land Forces, &c.; 574l. 1 8 /. 4 d. for Officers and private Gentlemen of Horse Guards reduced, &c; 1,675l., OJ* 4^ for Additional* to three Regiments of Foot, 6fc;

u 3,28^,053l. 11 j. io</. 2 y. for Extraordinaries of Land Forces iir 17#i, £sV.; 1,500,-0 I for paying 41 off the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act of last Session; ifoc 0,^00/ for paying off E»- chequer Bills made out by virtue of the Vote of Credit of^ last Session j 1,420,003l. for paying off other Exchequer Bills of last bullion; 48o,cod/. for paving t>ff Exchequer Bills iitued since Jan- 24, *782;

44 8,908l. 9J. 1 d. 1 q. issued in pursuance of the Addresses of the House of Commons; :c,coo/. towards carrying ort the Buddings at Somerset House; 5,021 /. iox. <; d. for suppmrting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia; 2,5 \bl. for the Civil Establishment of Georgia; 3,950/w for the Civil Establishment of East 14 Florida; 2,700l. for the Civil Establishment of West Florida; 3,000l. for the Civil Establishment of the 41 Island of St. y^A;/; 15,000l. for maintaining Forts on the Coast of Africa; 19,000l. for the Commissioners of Publick Accounts; 5,830l. u. 6 d. on account of new Roads, tsV. in the Highlands of 44'Scotland; 73,704 /. 8 j. for Relief of American Civil Officers,; 5,000l. for assisting the Levant

Company; 3,000/, to the British Museum; 16,364l. 10 j. 5^. for making Compensation for certain Lands, fcfc. at or near Plymouth; io, coo/. towards rebuilding Newgate \ 14,719l. 4 x. issued to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining Convicts, GV; 35,149l. 8 x. 2y. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund to pay Annuities granted by an Act 31 Gx*. II.; 183,380/, 3X. 8 d. to make good the Deficiency of a 44 Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 18 Geo. III.; 102,806l. 9 x. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 19 Geo. III.; 1 S3*103 / 8 x. 11 d. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted in 20 Geo. III. 5 and 19,667 /. 5 x. \\ d. 3 q. to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1781. The said Aids to be applied only to the Uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the Application of the Half-pay. By an Act 21 44 Geo. III. a Sum not exceeding 70,059l. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers. Overplus Monies, above satisfying said Officers, to be disposed of to Officers who were maimed, tAc. in the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direct."

a

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned; and also additional Duties on Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear Causes depending before them relative to the Duties on Male Servants.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

ftwgiblt,

WHEREAS Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, brewed for Sale, is by Law chargeable with the same Duties that are payable for the strongest Beer or

Ale fobrewed for Sale, and the brewing of good Table Beer of moderate Strength is thereby discouraged v

and, iu order to promote the brewing of good Table Beer, it is expedient to proportion the Duties payable on such Beer to the Quality and real Value thereof may it therefore please your Majesty that it may

be enacted *, and be it it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

From July 5, Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-,

1781, the Duti«i two, the several Rates and Duties now payable for Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of n Table Rett, the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, commonly iheBirtd""u called Table Beer, which shall at any Time or Times be brewed by the common Brewer in England and ymicd. ’ Wales, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and in lieu and in stead thereof there:

shall thenceforth be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout England and Wales j

!i«w Duty, For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above fur Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not, exceeding eleven Shillings, exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the com*! tnon Brewer, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, the Sum of three Shillings*

to be paid by such common Brewer; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary in anywise noti

withstanding.

lie Allowance to * And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, he made 10 the one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no Allowance shall be made to any such common Brewer out tommonBK.er, of the Monies arising by the Duty on Malt, granted by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of (1"* ^u* of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon and upon trow determined by» Wintiand Spirits made for Hunt Consumption, and upon foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, end

*T*"

Tible Beer made from Party Guile shall be chvged by the Officers as

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. 335

upon the Produce of the fetid everal Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Per forts Geo. III. Cap. trading in, vending, or selling Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate; for any such Table Beer or Ale so brewed by any i5vfQrRrucl1

such common Brewer as aforesaid; any Thing in the said Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise a *c Bccr*

notwithstanding.

III. And, for preventing of Frauds, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every common Brewer who, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two,

shall brew any such Table Beer above six Shillings the Barrel, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to brew and make the same of one entire Guile; and no such common Brewer shall, on any Pretence whatever, be permitted to brew or make any Strong Beer, such Table Beer of the Quality and Price aforesaid from any Party Guile; but all the Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, which, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be brewed or made from any Party Guile by any common Brewer, or other Person or Persons who shall fell or tap out the same publicly or privately, shall be charged by the Officers of Excise as Strong Beer; and the common Brewer, or other Person or Persons, so selling or tapping out the same as aforesaid, shall pay the Duties thereof accordingly; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such common Brewer who shall brew or make any such Table Beer as aforesaid, whose Brewhouse or Brewhouses is or are situate in any City or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town, shall, at lead four Hours before he shall begin to brew any such Table Beer as aforesaid, give, or cause to be given, to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such common Brewer shall then be, a Notice, in Writing, of the particular Hour or Time of the Day when he intends to begin such Brewing; and every other common Brewer of such Table Beer as aforesaid, whose BreNvhouse or Brewhouses is or are not situate in any City, or the Suburbs thereof, nor in any Market Town, shall, at least twelve Hours before he shall begin to brew any such Table Beer as aforesaid, give, or cause to be given, a like Notice in Writing; and in case such Brewer shall not begin to brew, and proceed in that Brewing at the Hour or Time mentioned in such Notice, or within two Hours next after the Expiration of the said Hour and Time, every such Notice shall be null and void, and every such Brewer shall be obliged to give a fre(b and like Notice before he or she begins to brew such Table Beer; and in case any such common Brewer shall neglect to give such Notice, or having given a Notice which shall become void, shall neglect to give a fresh and like Notice, or having given such Notice or Notices, and having begun to brew such Table Beer as aforesaid, shall neglect or retufe to proceed therein until the whole Guile is finished, every such common Brewer offending therein shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such common Brewer, so brewing such Table as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to mix and mingle the several Worts of each entire Guile of all such Table Beer, so that the whole Quantity of each entire Guile, whether the same be in one or more Tun or Tuns, or other Vessels or Utensils, shall be of one and the same Quality and Strength; and then, and not sooner, every such common Brewer of such Table Beer shall declare (on Demand made by the Gauger or Officer) the Quantity and Quality of the Table Beer made by him in that Guile or Brewing, which Declaration shall be made before any Pari of any such Guile or Brewing is cleansed or removed out of his Tuns, Vessels, or other Utensils; and in case any such common Brewer shall not so mix and mingle the several Worts of such Table Beer in his Tuns, Vessels, or Utensils, as that the whole Quantity of the Guile be of one Quality and Strength as aforesaid, or if such common Brewer, or his Servant, brewing or making any such Guile of Table Beer, shall refuse to make such Declaration as aforesaid, the Officer of Excise shall, in every such Case, charge and return the Whole of such Guile to be Strong Beer, and such common Brewer shall pay the Duties thereof accordingly, and shall also forfeit and lose, for every Barrel of such Table Beer contained in such Guile, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and if P«fl*ltyon nw any such common Brewer of Table Beer, or his Servant or Servants, after such Declaration made as crelrc^ftlr dc-aforesaid, shall make any Increase of the said Table Beer, so declared, by any Ways or Means whatever, faring ffie* *" or shall mix his Table Beer of one Guile or Brewing with any Beer of any other Guile or Brewing, or Quantity and with Small Beer, or returned Drink, or with Water, or by any other Ways or Means whatsoever; or in Quality of fuel case such Officer or Officers shall discover or find any of the said Table Beer or Worts of the same Guile Bea*c* laid off over and above the Quantity so declared as aforesaid, such common Brewer shall forfeit and lose, for every Barrel so increased or mixed, laid off or found, over and above the Quantity so declared as aforesaid, the Sum of five Pounds; and the Servant or Servants of such common Brewer, or other Person or Persons, and every of them, who was or were any-ways concerned, or aiding or afiifiing in making any such Increase or Mixture, after Declaration, or in laying off any such Table Beer, or the Worts of such Guile, before such Declaration made as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose, for every Barrel so increased, mixed, or laid off, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and, in Default of Payment thereof, shall suffer three Months Imprisonment 5 unless it shall appear that such Increase or Mixture was made by adding to or mixing with the same any Table Beer that was left in his or her Brewhouse of i former Guile of his or her Brewing, and unless it shall also apper, that such Increase was made or added in the Sight and View of the proper Gauger or Officer.

VI. And, to prevent the mixing such Table Beer with any other Beer, whether Strong Beer or Small, Penalty on either by the common Brewer brewing the same, after the Gauge thereof hath been taken, or by the ins ^uch T,b]s Retailer of any such Table fecr, after the same shall have been fold and delivered to him or her/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, if any common Brewer, Innkeeper, Publican, or other Retailer of any such Table Beer, shall mix, or cause or tusser to be mixed, in any Vessel or Measure, or otherwise how/oever, any such Table Bter with any Strong Beer or Ale, or Strong Worts, or with Small Beer, or Small Worts,

Brewer* of such Table Beer to give Notice to the Officers of Esrife of the Time they intend to begin brewing.

Penalty on Default.

Brewer of such Table Beer to mix the several Wort* of eack Guile.

Penalty on Default.

Beer, af er the Gua^c bath been taken, with any other Beer, Set,

236:

Table Beer, when cleansed into C»fltJ, to be marked with the LcUc< T i

er shall be char-fed as Si long Beer,

Such Caiks to be kept separate from all other

Ctlki of Beer.

Brewen of such Table Beer not to fell any to other common Jbcwcrt, &c,

All the Powers, 2>iregion#, Ac* provided by 12 Car. II. Cap. 24, or any other Lew now in Force, relating to (he Excise upon Beer, &c. shall he applied in Execution of this Act,

From July 5, 178a, an additional Dory of 2or. per Ann. shall be paid for ©vety Co^cb, Berlin, or other four-wheeled Carriage (except Kackncy Coachci); and also for every two-wheeled Carriage kept for private Use*

The new Duties on Carriage* to be Uibjcft to the additional 5 per Cents, granted by 19 Geo. III. Cap. 2$; and al Geo. III. Cap. 17,

C. 68. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

or with Water, after the Gauge of such Table Beer shall have been taken by an Officer of Excise, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Table Beer, so brewed by any such common Brewer as aforesaid, shall be cleansed into any Case or Cases from the Tun or Tuns, or other Vessels or Urenfils, wherein the same shal] have been mixed and mingled, and the Length declared as aforesaid, every such common Brewer, or his Servant, shall forthwith mark each and every such Case and cases, into which such Beer shall be so cleansed, with the Capital Roman Letter T, of the Length of four Inches at the least, to denote that the Beer therein contained is such Table Beer as aforesaid; which said Mark shall be put on the open and most conspicuous Part of each such Case or cases: And if any such common Brewer of Table Beer as aforesaid, or his Servant, shall cleanse any such Beer into any Case or cases, and shall neglect to mark each and every such Cask in Manner before directed, the Officer or Officers of Excise, who shall discover and find any such Table Beer in any Cask or Casks, in the Possessioir' of any such common Brewer, without such Mark as aforesaid, shall, and he and they are hereby required to charge and return the same as Strong Beer, and such common Brewer shall pay the Duties accordingly*

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any stich common Brewer shall have cleansed such Table Beer into any Cask or Cases in Manner herein-before directed, each and every such Cask and Casks, containing such Table Beer, shall be kept separate and apart from all other Cases and Barrels of other Beer or Ale then in the Possession of any such common Brewer, on Pain of Forfeiture, for every Offence therein, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no common Brewer, who shall brew or make any such Table Beer as aforesaid, shall knowingly fell or deliver, or permit or suffer to be sold or delivered, any of the said Table Beer, either by the Barrel or otherwise, to any other common Brewer, or to any brewing Victualler, or to any Exporter of Beer, or to any Person or Persons, to or for the Use or Benefit of any such other common Brewer, brewing Victualler, or Exporter of Beer, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Allowances, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other Law now in Force, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing,.detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cases for which other Directions are given and Alterations made by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, and put in Execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the Duties and Penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully ard effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Allowances, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters* and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of fuly, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of twenty Shillings per Annum for and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with four Wheels. Chaise marine, Chaile with four Wheels, and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept by or for any Person for his or her own Use, or to be let out to Hire, or that shall be kept by or for any Person or Persons as -publick Stage Coaches, employed in carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places within this Kingdom {other than and except such Coaches and other Carriages as now are or hereafter may be licensed by the Commissioners for the Duties arising by Hackney Coaches) j and also for and upon every Calash, Chaile, and Chair, with two Wheels, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses, that shall be kept by or for any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Use; which said additional Duty of twenty Shillings, hereby imposed upon Coaches and other Carriages as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, be paid down by the Person or Persons respectively keeping the same, in like Manner, and at the same Time, and be raised, levied, collected, and paid, by the same Means and Methods, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Penalties, as the annual Duties given and granted by an Act, rmdc in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates end Duties upon Coaches and ether Carriages therein mentioned', and for raising tht Sum of one Milion by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Plates and Duties, are directed to be raised, levied, collected, and paid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several additional Duties, herein-before granted on Coaches and other Carriages as aforesaid, shall be moreover subject and liable to the additional Duty or Impost of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, on the Produce and’ Amount thereof respectively, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum, and of five Pounds per Centum, are granted to his Majesty by two several Acts of Parliament, the one, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commi/funers of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain; the other, made in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68.

the Produce of the several Dirties under the Management of the respectivi Commissioners of the Ex rife in Great Britain.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Sope of what Kind soever which, at any Time or Times after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made within the Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by any Act or Acts of Parliament thereupon set and imposed, the several additional Duties herein after mentioned and expressed; that is to say;

For and upon all Hard Cake Sope, or Ball Sope, made in Great Britain, an additional Duty of three Farthings for every Pound Weight, consisting of sixteen Ounces Avoirdupois; and after that Rate for 9 greater or lesser Quantity:

And for and upon all Soft Sope made in Great Britain, an additional Duty of one Farthing for every Pound Weight, consisting of sixteen Ounces Avoirdupois; and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity:

Which said several and respective Duties on Sope shall be paid by the Makers thereof respectively > and the same shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under the like Rules, and with like Drawbacks on such British made Sope exported, as the former Dudes on Sope made in Great Britain are now raised, levied, collected, paid, and drawn back.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional respective Duties, hereby imposed on British made Sope, shall be repaid to the Person or Persons who shall employ, spend, or consume any Quantity or Quantities of such Sope respectively, in the making of any Cloths, Serges, Kersies, Bays, Stockings, or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lambs Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, or in the finishing the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the same, or in whitening of new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale of such Linen; which said Repayment of the said additional respective Duties shall be made on the like Proofs, and binder the same Rules, Regulations, Oaths, Affirmations, Pains, and Penalties, as in and by s»n Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties on Sope and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Callicoes, and Stuff's, and upon Starch and exported Coals, and upon fampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for raising one million four hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, for her Majesty's Supply; and for Allowances on exporting made Wares of Leather, Sheep Skins, and Lamb Skim; and for Distribution of four thousand Pounds, due to the Officers and Seamen for Gun Monty; and to adjust the Property of Tickets in farmer Lotteries; and touching certain Shares of Stock in the Capital of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Alonics granted to her Majesty, is directed and required.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective additional Duties, hereby imposed on Coaches and other Carriages, and on Sope made in Great Britain as aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under such Management, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Powers for recovering the same, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the several and respective former Duties on Coaches and other Carriages, and on Sope made in Great Britain respectively, are now raised, levied, collected, and paid, under the Directions of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force respecting the said Duties, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if Jj^e several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereunto, were particularly here repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the said additional and other Duties hereby pranced and imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctlyand apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenue, and shall be appropriated and applied in Manner following; that is to say, the Sum of two Shillings, Part of the said Duty of three Shillings the Barrel by this Act imposed on Table Beer, shall be paid, issued, and applied, to the same Uses and Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the Monies arising by the Duties on every Barrel of six Shillings Beer or Ale, or under, were, by the several Statutes in that Case made, appropriated unto, and directed to be applied; and the Remainder of the said Duties on Table Beer, together with the additional Duties on Sope, and on Coaches and on other Carriages, as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, except so much thereof as is herein-before otherwise appropriated, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be.aranted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any Time or Times, it shall happen that the Produce of the several Duties granted by this Act, together with the several other Duties, Revenues, and Taxes, granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Payment of the several Annuities of three Pounds per Centum, and of four Pounds per Centum, and of seventeen Shillings and Sixpence per Centumin respect of thirteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, borrowedin pursuance of an Act of

this

7 vj

2 37

From July 5, 1731, (he following additional Dudes shall be paid for all Sope made ia Great Britain j videlicet,

Hard CakeSope^ 3 q. per Pound j

Soft Sope, per Pound.

To be paid by the Makers.

The additional Dufies to be repaid for all fuel* Sope used in certain Manufacture#.

The additions? Dories on Carriage., and on Sope, shall be !e- vied a» d paid in the same Ms finer as the former Duties.

How to be applied.

A Book to be provided in the Auditor's Office in which the Monies arising. under this Act shall be entered.

Application

thereof.

In case the Pro--duce of the Duties gr.med by this Act, and other Acts, flulj prove infutfjticnt to pay the A a*

nuitics granted ty the Lottery >\£t of this Session, then such Deticieocy shall >bc supplied out of the Sinking 4Lc.

"’Mone} irthed out of the Sinking Fond how to be replaced.

Jrvcafe of a Surplus of Duties, the same shall be icferved for the Disposition of Parliament.

Recital of 21 Geo. III. Cap. ‘55*

'From Aug, I, 1782, no Tea to be removed from ny Part of this Kingdom into the weekly Bills of Mortality (except as hereafter mention* ed)j on Penalty of Forfeiture thereof* Other Part of the said Act recited,

If rom Aug. t, 1782, no Tea exceeding so Pounla Weight '(nor being in the ClttAia wfyeh

C. 6&. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities and for establishing a Lottery, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several Annuities of three Pounds per Centum, and of four Pounds per Centum, and also the said Annuity of seventeen Shillings and Sixpence per Centum, to continue for seventy-eight Years, from the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and then to cease, together with the other Charges and Expences attending the said respective Annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the same at the End of any or either of the half-yearly Days of Payment at which the same are directed by the said Act to be paid; then, and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the Monies which, at any Time or Times, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund {except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropiated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Sinkinjg Fund shall and may be, from Time to Time, issued and applied accordingly: And if, at any Time or Times, before any Monies of the said Fund, to be established as aforesaid, shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly Days of Payment before mentioned, that then, and in every fechCase, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Monies of the Sinking Fund (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Sinking Fund shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall beany Surplus or Remainder of the Monies arising by the said Fund, after the said several and respective Annuities and all Arrears thereof, are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall, from Time to Time, be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; any Thing in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing

the Duties payable ubon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in Lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Du- ties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more *4 punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt \ and for rectifying a Mi flake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise impojei by the /aidAft; it was, amongst other Things enacted, That, for the preventing of smuggled Tea betng being conveyed from the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom into the Stocks of Dealers in Tea, no Teaex- ceeding the Quantity of six Pounds Weight should at any Time, save as therein is after mentioned, be removed or carried from any Part of this Kingdom, not being within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to any Place within the said Limits: And whereas the suffering Tea to be brought from the Country into London in Quantities not exceeding six Pounds Weight, hath in a great Measure defeated the good Effects proposed by the said recited Act, and great Quantities of smuggled Tea have thereby been received into the Stocks of fraudulent Tea Dealers, living within the Limits aforesaid s* Now, for the more effectually preventing such evil Practices, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no Tea whatever shall at any Time (save as herein after is mentioned) be removed or carried from any Part of this Kingdom, not being within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to any Place within the said Limits; and if any Tea whatever shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without Permit (save as herein after is mentioned), the same, together with the Canisters, Bags, and other Package, containing such Tea, and the Vessels and Boats, and the Horses, and other Cattle and Carriages, employed in removing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas by the said recited Act it was further enacted, That no Tea exceeding the Quantity of forty Pounds Weight (save as therein is excepted) at any one Time, directed to one and the same Person, or Persons where there are two or more in joint Trade or Partnership, should be removed or car- tied from any City, Town, Parish, or Place, in this Kingdom, not being within the Limits aforesaid, to any other Place out of the Limits aforesaid, not within the said City, Town, Parish, or Place, from which the same shall be so removed or carried; and it was by the same Act provided that nothing therein contained should be construed to prevent any Dealer in any such City, Town, Parish, or Place, from taking out two or more Permits, and by virtue thereof fending two or more Packages of forty Pounds each to the same Person in the same Day, in Manner therein directed and provided: And whereas the' 4 permitting Tea to be sent from Places not being within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, in so large Quantities as forty Pounds Weight, has been much abused by fraudulent Dealers in T ea, and very confulerable Quantities of smuggled Tea have thereby been received by such Dealers, from the Coasts of this Kingdom, to the manifest Diminution of the Revenue, and to the Injury of the fair Trader f Now, for obviating such Frauds, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no Tea exceeding the Quantity of twenty Pounds Weight (not being in the original Chest in which the same Tea was imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same State in which it was so.imported), at

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. 239

feiting any Ptf- mil for Removal of exciseable Goods i

any one Time, directed to one and the same Person or Persons where there are two or more in joint Trade it*Imported), or Parmership, shall be removed or carried from any City, Town, Parish, or Place, in this Kingdom, not 44,1 j* feove* being within the Limits aforesaid, to any other Place out of the Limits aforesaid, not within the Lid City,

Town, Parish, or Place, from which the same dial) be so removed or carried; and if any Tea exceeding the "gills of the Quantity of forty Pounds Weight, at any one Time, directed to one and the same Person, or Persons Mortality, on where there are two or more in joint Trade or Partne ship (and not being in the onginal Chert as afore- penalty of Far*-said j, shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without Permit, the fCItttre* fame, together with the Camlters, Bags, and other Package containing the same, and the Vessels and Boats, and the Horses and other Cattle and Carriages employed in removing or carrying the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; any Thin&in the said Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to pre- SaveJPackages

vent any Dealer in Tea, in any such City, Town, Parish, or Place as aforesaid, from taking out two or ot 20 Pounds more Permits, and by virtue thereof fending twoor more Packages of Tea, of twenty Pounds each, to the Da

same Person in the same Day, so as the said Packages shall not contain more than twenty Pounds each, and amc ay' shall be sent under different Permits, and by different Conveyances.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to th remold ac- -prevent Dealers in Tea, who shall have received into their respective Stocks any Tea removed according to coring to this the Directions of this Act, and accompanied with an authentick Permit or Certificate, from returning Act may be re-the fame for the like Cause, and in Manner and Form, as in and by the said recited Act is mentioned and lurncdi directed

XXV. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Authorities, Powers, Provisions, Provisioni of ih«

Rules, Regulations, and Directions, by the said recited Act prescribed and given, and not hereby expressly recite<!Aa ("ot taken away or altered, shall continue and be exercised, used, and applied, as they might have been if this icdTco/em^nln Act had not been made. Force# c

XXVI. And whereas by the several Statutes relating to the Inland Duties under the Management of Penalty on Per-'

the Commissioners of Excise, it is directed, that Permits or Certificates should be granted, by the Offi- fons counter.

cers of Excise, to accompany exciseable Commodities removing from one Part of this Kingdom to

another Part thereof, and certain Forms of such Permits have, from Time to Time, been prepared for that Purpose, by the Direction and Appointment of the said Commissioners, with certain Stamps and Marks impressed thereon: And whereas great Frauds are daily committed by evil-minded Persons, who forge or counterfeit such Permits or Certificates, or who knowingly give or grant false and untrue Per- mits or Certificates, or who alter or erase Permits or Certificates, after the same have been delivered by the Proper Officers For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, if any Person or Persons whaefo-tver shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Permit or Certificate, for the Removal of any exciseable Commodity from one Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, for the Removal of which a Permit or Certificate is by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force required or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give or grant any false or untrue Permit or Certificate, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Permit or Certificate, to accompany any such exciseable Commodity to be removed as aforesaid 5 or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently after or erase any Permit or Certificate after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer of Excise; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make Use of any such Permit or Certificate so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or erased; every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds; whiclr Forfeiture shall and may be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the*

Court of Exchequer in Scotland, one Moiety whereof to be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute, and recover the fame; wherein no Effoicv Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and every such Permit or Certificate, so counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered, shall be invalid, and of no Effect,

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or to be incurred by virtue thereof, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or maybe recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise (not otherwise directed by this Act), or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; one Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him who shall discover and sue for the same.

XXVIII. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, made in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That all rrofecutions for the Recovery of the Duties upon Male Servants, and also for all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within the immediate Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London^ shall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them: And whereas the

Business of the said Office cannot be executed with the like Dispatch, Ease and Convenience to the Parities concerned therein, as might be done in case the said Prosecutions were to be heard, adjudged, and determined, by a less Number of the Commissioners of the said Duties for the Time being than a Majority of them, as is now done in all other Cases within the Jurisdiction and Limits of the said Chief

4-Office of Excise :* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of Juhi Ffotn {"j ne thouCuud feycxi hundred and eighty-two, all such Prosecutions as aforesaid which, before the said *J*i/und«rthe

or who shall knowingly pub-lt(h or use *ny ' such Permit.

Penaltitf® and ' Forfeiture* hovf to be recovered

and applied.

Recital of*

Clause in zt Geo. III. Cap-

V*

240

said Act may be

determined by tnv three of Xht said Ceramif--fieAcre.

Thl« Act notto thrive the Pmvns of Excise Officers.

Penalty on affauliinp or to-posing Excise €)fHcers in executing this Act.

Limitaton tf Action*.

general iff at.

rTxtble C§fij.

Pjcanble.

If John Whirp-b,)l Efitj. shall, within 42 Da j 5 after tbrte Notice* in the London Gazette, return into this Kingdom, be shall enter into Recognizance not to leave the same befote feb, i, 1784.

In case he ne-gieft to enter into such Rec< gni» aance, Barons of the Exchequer may commit him to the Fleet;

C. 69. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.T). 1782,

twenty-fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall not he heard, adjudged, and determined, but shall then, or at any Time after, be depending at the said Chief Office, shall and may be <heard, adjudged, and determined, by any three or mote of such Commissionvis for the Time being; and that it shall be sufficient, in the written Account or Record of such Proceedings, to mention that such Pio-fecutions are made and exhibited to and before three of such Commissioners, without particularly mentioning or expressing the Christian and Surname of such three Commissioners for the Time being; and that every such Adjudication and Determination of such three or more of such Commissioners for the Time being shall, and hereby is declared to be as good and valid in the Law, and of the same Force and Eft'eft, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as it such Adjudication and Determination had been by all, or by the Majority of such Commissioners for the Time being; any Law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to takeaway or lellen any of the Powers or Authorities heretofore given to the Officers of Excise, and for the Inland Duties, by any Law or Laws now in Force relative to the said Duties.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoeve’r stall act'ault, refill, oppose, molest, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise, or for the Inland Duties, in the due Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers by this Act, every Person or Persons to doing shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of fif:y Pounds.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons (half, at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for any Act or Thing by him or them done or executed by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, or Inland Duties, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of three Monchs next after the Act or Thing done, and which shall be sued in the proper County; and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall ff)e given against him or them, on Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for compelling John Whitehill Esquire to return into this Kingdom; and for restraining him, in case of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the same.

WHEREAS John Whitehill Esquire, heretofore Governor and President of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel in the East Indies, and also heretofore Member of the Council and of the Select Committee of the Settlement aforesaid, appears, from various Papers and Records of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by Reason of his Conduct as Governor, and one of the Council and of the Select Committee of the Settlement aforesaid,

to be a fit Object of Justice in Parliament: And whereas the said John Whitehill Esquire is now out of this Kingdom; therefore, and to the End that the Person, and Effaces real and personal, of the said John Whitehill may be forth-coming and secured, so as to be liable to Justice in Parliament;' may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if the said John Whitehill Esquire shall, within the Space of forty-two Days next after three several Nonces shall have been given in the London Gazette for that Purpose, return into this Kingdom, which Notices one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State is hereby required to insert in the said Gazette within fourteen Days next after the passing of this Act}, he, the said John Whitehill Esquire, shall not go or depart out of the Kingdom before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and that the said John Whitehill Esquire shall, within the Space of twenty-eight Days next after his Return into this Kingdom, in due Form of Law, enter s into one or more Recognizance or Recognizances to his Majesty, with two or more sufficient Sureties, before the Lord Chief Baron, or two other of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, in the Penalty of fifty thousand Pounds for the said John Whitehill Esquire, and in the Penalty of twenry thousand Pounds for his Sureties, no one of such Sureties being in a less Penalty than five thousand Pounds; which said several Recognizances shall be made upon this Condition 5 That if the said John Whitehill Esquire, who shall enter into such Recognizance, shall not go or depart out of this Kingdom before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, then such Recognizances shall be void, other-.wife the same (bail remain in Force; for the taking, entering, and inrollin\g of which Recognizance or Recognizances, the said Lord Chief Baron or Barons, or other Officer, mail take ten Shillings, and no more, beftdes the Stamp-duty: And in case the said John Whitehill Esquire shall neglect to enter into such Recognizance within the Space of twenty-eight Days next after his Return into this Kingdom, he shall, by the said Lord Chief Baron or Barons, or any two or more of them, be committed to the Ptifbn of the Fleet, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or until be shall enter into such Recognizance with Sureties as aforesaid;

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6q,

24.1

and the said Chief Baron or Barons, or any two or more of them, are hereby respectirdy authorised ind required to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for that Purpose: And if the said John Whitehill Esquire, shall, before the fi<ft Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, go or depart out of this Kingdom, he, and all and every Person or Persons who shall willingly be aiding and af-lifting to such Departure, shall forfeit to the King, his Heirs and Successors, all and Angular, his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all and Angular his, her, or their personal Estate and Effefls of what Nature or Kind soever.

II. And, in order to a full Discovery of the Estate and Effects of the said John Whitehill be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Whitehill Esquire shall, within thirty Days next after his Return into this Kingdom, deliver in, on Oath, before the Lord Chief Baron, or two other of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being (which said Oath the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons are hereby impowered to administer), two several and exatft Particulars or Inventories, both of the same Import and Tenor, of all and Angular the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate whatsoever, in Europe, the East Indies, China, or elsewhere, which he was seised or possessed of, or intitled to in his own Right, and which any other Person or Persons was or were seised or possessed of in Trust for him, or to or for his Use or BeneAt, upon the first Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, or at any Time after (his wearing Apparel, and that of his Wife and Children, the Furniture of any House or Houses, and Stock upon any Farm or Farms belonging to him the said John Whitehill Esquire, excepted); and in case the said John Whitehill Esquire, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, with his Privity, Ance the first Day of Jpril% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, hath conveyed, aliened, transferred, or otherwise disposed of, any Part of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, or personal Estate, as aforesaid, which he, or any other Person for him, or to his Use, was seised or possessed of, or intitled to, on the said Arft Day of jfpril, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, or at any Time after, then such Particulars or inventories shall contain a true Account of what Part of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate, as aforesaid, hath been so conveyed, aliened, or transferred, and to what Person or Persons by Name, at what Time, and whether for any and "what Price or Consideration, either paid down, or secured to be paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Chief Baron, and other the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being, to whom any such Particular or Inventory, or Particulars or Inventories, shall be delivered in on Oath, in pursuance of this A6V, shall, within convenient Time, after such Particulars and Inventories shall have been delivered in respectively, deliver one Duplicate thereof to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Speaker of the House of Lords, for the Time being, to be by him forthwith laid before the House of Lords; and one other Duplicate thereof to the Speaker of the House of Commons, to be by him forthwith laid before the House of Commons, in ofe a Parliament be then fitting; and in case no Parliament be then fitting, then as soon as conveniently may be in the then next Session of Parliament: And if it shall appear, upon Inspection or Perusal of such Particulars or Inventories, or either of them, by the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, that the same, or either of them, are evasive or uncertain; or if Signification shall be made from cither House of Parliament, by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Speaker of the House of Lords, or the Speaker of the House of Commons respectively, that a further Examination should be thereupon had; or if Information shall be given upon Oath to any of them the Lord Chief Baron or Barons respectively, of any Concealment, Omission, or Falfity, in such Particulars and Inventories, or either of them, or in any Matter or Thing therein contained; then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby required to examine on Oath the Person delivering such Particulars and Inventories as aforesaid, upon such interrogatories, touching all and Angular the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate whatsoever, and such other Things as may tend to disclose his Estate, or any secret Grants, Conveyances, or Disposition, of his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate, as aforesaid, as they shall think meet: And in order to such Examination, the said Lord Chief Baron and Barcns, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to summon and call before them the said John Whitehill Esquire, at such Times and Places as they shall think proper; and in Default of Attendance upon any such Summons, the Lid Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, shall and may issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to any fit Person or Persons as they shall think meet, to apprehend and bring before them, the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, the said John Whitehill Esquire, at such Times and Places as shall be expressed In such Warrant and Warrants; and if thereupon the said John Whitehill Esquire, shall refuse to be examined, or to answer fully to every Interrogatory to be administered to him by the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, it shall be lawful for the said Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby required to commit him the said John Whitehill Esquire, so Tefufing to to be examined, or not fully answering, to the Prison of the Fleet% there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, till he shall submit to be examined and answer as aforesaid: And in case the said John Whitehill Esquire, shall neglect or rtfufe to deliver in such Particulars or Inventories of his Estate or Estates, real and personal, in Manner herein-before mentioned; or shall not, within the Space of eight Days after his being committed, submit to be examined, or fully to answer as aforesaid, or shall be guilty of any wilful Concealment, Omission, or Falfity, amounting in the Whole to the Value of five hundred Pounds, in arty Examination had in pursuance of this Act; then, or in any of the said cases, he the said John Whitehill Esquire, shall forfeit to the King, his Heirs and Successors, all his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattel?, and personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever. Vol. XIV. Part II. I i ,1V. And

ind if he fejve the Kinadom before Feb, if 17S3, he, and his AflifUnrs therein, frail forfeit their Estates both real and personal*

John Whitehill Esq; frail within 30 Pays after hit Return into this Kingdom, deliver into ths C jure of Exchequer, on Oath, two Particular! of his Lands, Tenements, Goods, &c. (Exception.)

Banns of the Exchequer to deliver one Duplicate of the Particulars to the Speaker of the House of Lords, and the other t» the Speaker of the House of Commons,

If the Particular* shall appear evasive or unfjtis-fa^loiy, See. th* Barons of the Exchequer are to examine the Person delivering the same, upon Interred# tone*.

In Default of Attendance upm any Summons liom the fail Rarons, they may iifte their Warrant for apprehending the Defaulter; whj, on refusing r<j be examined, ire. frul! be committed*

242 A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 69.

Personi detaining any Part of the Property of John Whitehill tlq; or able to give Information concerning the same, and who dull refuse to come before the said Baronj, Sec, vhen lawfully forsmoned) shall he coou&iucd.

Tohn Whitehill £fq. disabled from aliening or incumbering hii real Estate until Feb. i, I7S5; and also, from a/hgn<ng hi# personal Efbte, except for certain Pnr-pofci.

Exception of a certain Sum to make a Proti-fion for Children'

This Act not to

disabie John Whitehill Esq. from dispo-iing of his Edate or EiTedls, in case he Hull die before Feb.

I, 1783, ftc.

If John White, hill Esq. Dull, Before f'eb. 1, 1783, convey any of his Monies or Etfeftt out of the Realm (exeunt at is excepted), he, and hit Aiders therein, shall be p mished «< Fcions.

Penalty on Persons who shall toncal any

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being known

or suspected to have or detain any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chanels, or Personal Estate, of the said John Whitehill Esquite, or to be able to give Information or Evidence concerning the same, or to be indebted to, or for the Benefit of him the said John Whitehill Esquire, shall, after lawful Summons to appear before the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, to be examined concerning the Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, and personal Estate, of him the said John IPhitehill Esquire, in any Matter or Thing concerning the same, neglect or refuse to come before the Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, at the Time appointed in such Summons, having no lawful Impediment, such as shall be allowed by the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and which shall be signified and made known to the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, or shall refuse to be sworn, or to make Answer to such Interrogatories as shall be administered to him, her, or them respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act (which said Summons, and Examination on Oath, upon Interrogatories to be administered to every such Person or Persons, the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to Blue, take, and administer); then, and in the said respective cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby required to issue their Warrant or Warrants to such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to apprehend any Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to appear, as aforesaid, and to bring him, her, or them, before the said Lord Chief Ban n and Barons, or any two or more of them, to be examined as aforesaid, and to commit to the said Prison of the Fleet all and every such Person or Persons as shall so refuse to be sworn, or make Answer to such Interrogatories as shall be administered as aforesaid, there to remain, without Bail or Main price, until such Time as the said Person or Persons so refusing to be sworn, or to answer to such Interrogatories as shall be administered as aforesaid, shall submit him, her, or themselves to be examined according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That cHe said John Whitehill Esquire, shall, until the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, be, and he is hereby disabled from, and made incapable of, conveying, aliening, settling, charging, or incumbering any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to which he, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, or for his Use and Benefit, is, are, or shall be intitled, or hath or have any Right or Title; and also, during the Time aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby disabled from assigning, conveying, granting, transferring, or making over, any of his personal Eftatts in Trust for himself, his YVife, or Children; and also from otherwise disposing of his personal Estate (except for the Subsistence of himself and Family, or for paying such just Debts as are or shall be contrafted and due by him before the twenty ninth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and except periftiable Goods; and also except with respect to so much of the personal Estate of the said John Whitehill Esquire, as shall be sufficient to indemnify his Sureties in the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, so to be entered into as herein-before directed).

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Whitehill Esquire, to give, advance, transfer, lay out, and apply, or otherwise to raise out of, or in any Manner charge upon, his real and personal Estate, or any Part or Parts thereof, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of making a Provision for his Child or Children, in case of Marriage; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and which Provision, or any Part thereof, shall not in any Manner be affected or defeated by the Recognizance so to be entered into by the said John Whitehill Esquire, as is required by this Act.

VII. Provided always, That this Act shall not disable him the said John Whitehill Esquire, from disposing of his Estate or Ettefts by hislaft Will and Testament, in case he shall happen to die before the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, subject nevertheless to the Justice and Dif-position of Parliament; nor shall this Act restrain or disable the said John Whitehill Esquire, from concurring in any Alignment or Transfer of any Mortgage or Incumbrance assisting his real Estate on the twenty-nimh Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and created for feeuring Money bond fide due and owing on such Mortgage or Incumbrance; so nevertheless as no further Sum shall be advanced on such Mortgage or Incumbrance than was actually due and owing on the said twenty-ninth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

V11L And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, he the said John Whitehill Esquire shall not transport or convey, or cause to be transported or conveyed, any of his Goods, Chattels, Monies, or Effects whatsoever, of what Nature or Kind soever, out of the Realm, other than Ships or Shares of Ship?, whereof he was possessed on the said twenty-ninth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and other than for paying such just Debts as are or shall be contracted and due by him on the said twenty-ninth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and which shall be accordingly paid and satisfied with such Goods, Chattels, Monies, and ErFefts; and if he the said John Whitehill Esquire shall, before the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, transport or convey, or cause to be transported or conveyed, any of his Goods, Chattels, Monies, or other Effects whatsoever, out of this Realm, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then, and in every such Case, he the said John Whitehill Esquire, so offending, and every other Person knowingly and willingly aiding and assisting the rein, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And, for the more effectual Discovery of the Estate and Effects of the said John Whitehill, Esquire/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatevciy Person or Persons, now being within this Kingdom,

A.D. 1782. Anno Vicesimo lccundo Georgii IN. C. 69.

or who shall hereafter arrive in this Kingdom, who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall conceal or prote£ any Estate, real or personal, of him the said John Whitehid Esquire, and shall n >t (before the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, with respect to such Persons now being in this Kingdom, and within six Calendar Months next after their Arrival in this Kingdom, with respect to Jut ft Periods *>5 are now out of the same) truly discover or disclose such Trust and E(Ete in Writing to the said Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, for the Time being, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the Estate, real* or personal, so concealed, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the ocher Moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no EUbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance (in which Cases Costs shall be allowed to the Plaintiff as in other cases), and shall suffer Imprisonment for one whole Year without Bail or Mainprize.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall, before the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, voluntarily come before the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and make a true Discovery, upon Oath, of any Part of the Estates, real or personal, of him the said John Whitehill Esquire, which shall have been concealed, and not inserted or discovered by any Particular or Inventory delivered in by the said John IVh'iU* hill Esquire, as is above directed, or on his Examination, shall be allowed after the Kate of twenty Pounds, per Centum, according to the Valuq of such Estate or Effects so discovered, being in any Part beyond the Seas; and after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate and Effe£b so discovered, remaining within the Kingdom, to be paid and allowed to such Person or Persons, out of the Her Proceeds of such Estate or Effects which shall be recovered on such Discovery.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall fend, or cause to be sent, one or more Copy or Copies, duly authenticated, of the Particulars or Inventories herein-before directed to be delivered, on Oath, to the Lord Chief Baron or Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for the Time being, to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, and to the Mayor's Court at Port Saint George and Bombay, respectively; which said Copy or Copies the Judges of the Courts aforesaid are hereby respectively required to enter of Record, within eight Days after the Receipt thereof: And that if any Person or Persons shall, within the Space of one Year after such Copy or Copies shall have been entered of Record, make a true Discovery on Oath, in Writing, to the Chief Justice, or the Mayor, or to one other of the Justices, or two or more of the Aldermen of any of the Courts above-mentioned, of any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, or personal Estate whatsoever, of the said John Whitehill Esquire, which shall have been wilfully concealed, and not inserted in such Copy or Copies, or not dilclosed on any Examinations of the said John Whitehill Esquire, had in pursuance of this Act, then, and in such Case, such Person or Persons so discovering shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate or Effects so discovered, to be paid and allowed out of the net Proceeds of such Estate or Effects, which shall be recovered on such Discovery; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George, and Bombay, respectively, to sue for and recover the Estate and Effe£b so discovered, in the Name of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

XII. And, for the more effectual Discovery of such Part of the Estate and Effects of the said John Whitehill Esquire, which may now be in the East Indies/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That evejy Person or Persons, n fident in India, who shall have accepted any Trust or Trusts, and shall conceal or proterst any Estate, real or personal, of or for him the said John Whitehill Esquire, and shall not, within six Calendar Months after the Copy or Copies of the Particulars and Inventories herein-before mentioned shall have been entered of Record as is herein above directed, truly discover or disclose such Trust or Estate in Writing to the said Chief Justice, or one of the Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, or to the Mayor, or two or more of the Aldermen of the Mayor's Court at Fort St. George and Bombay respectively for the Time being, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the Estate, real or personal, so concealed; one Moiety thereof to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and the other Moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same; to be recovered by such Action, Bill, or other Proceeding, as is competent in such Courts respectively for the Recovery of Debts due and owing; in which Cases Costs shall be allowed to the Plaintiff; and in case the Offender be a British Subject, shall suffer Imprisonment at the Discretion of the respective Courts above-mentioned, not exceeding one whole Year without Bail or Mainprize.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Monies, and other personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever, of him the Lid John Whitehill Esquire, which shall be forfeited and recovered by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and answered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for the future Disposition of Parliament, and subject to such Allowance 10 Discoverers as aforesaid; any Thing h.rein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas, in case the said John Whitehill Esquire shall not return into this Kingdom, and enter into Recognizance in the Manner before mentioned, within the said Space of forty-two D a vs next after such Notices shall be inserted in the London Gazette as aforesaid, he the said John Whitehill Ef- quire ought to be considered as wilfully absenting himself out of this Kingdom for the' Purpose of avoid- ing Justicebe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said John Whitehill Esquire shall not, within the Space of twenty Days after the Expiration of the forty-two Days herein-before mentioned, return into this Kingdom, so as to be liable to Justice in Parliament, but shall wilfully continue to absent himself from the same, then, and in such Case, he the said John Whitehid Esquire shall

243

Estate belonging to John Wmtc. hill El*.

Allowince to be made lo Vrrforta making Diico-very of any Eft*te or EflTe&i concealed.

East India Company to fend a a authenticated C»py of the Par« ticula-s deli-tered ino the Court of Exchequer, to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, Sec. Allowance to Persons making Discorery of concealed Estate* or Efteds in I adit.

P-oaTty nn Psr-fom in I i ii* who (hill fecre'e any Eftj*e real or persons! after a limited Time.

Forfeited E» dates, &c. to oi paid into the Exchequer.

In Case J^hn Woitehill Esqj shall not within 20 Days after the Expiration of the 4 s Days before mentioned, return into thil Kingdom, all Jlis Estates, both real and personal, shall be forfeited to hit Majest/,

[Preamble,

Frem J> !y 10, 17^4, no Uerfor, v.! ho* i Licence, (halt ft 11 *ny Shi. to,) Su>>-jrft of 4 nColial

Su<% &C Alif chC n-tract* to be \o\i; and the i:c, fur.'cucJ.

---

244 C. 70, 71. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all and singular his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever.

[Publick Act.]

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to enable the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

[Preamble. Recital of 4 Geo. III. Cap. 24.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, it is enacted, That from and after the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, so long as the Revenue arising in the General Letter-office, or Post-office, or Office of Postmaster-general, shall continue to be made Part of the Aggregate Fund, no Letters or Packets sent by the Post, to or from any Place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Postage, except such Letters and Packets as are therein particularly excepted: And whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage is not, by the said Act, extended to the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces, or to the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, who, by virtue of their respective Offices and Employments, necessarily send and receive many Letters and Packets relating to the Publick Concerns of these Kingdoms;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Commander in Chief, and his Secretary impowered to send and receive Letters free hom Postage.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, shall and may send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under such Restrictions, as other Officers mentioned in the said Act are thereby permitted, in respect of their Offices, to send and receive the same, in pursuance of the said Act.

[The said Commander to appoint two Persons to indorse publick Letters sent from his Office.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commander in Chief for the Time being to authorize and direct certain Persons, not exceeding two in Number, in his Office or Department (a List of whose Names shall be, from Time to Time, transmitted by him to the General Post-office in London), to make and subscribe an Indorsement upon Letters and Packets, to be sent by the Post from his Office, which shall concern the publick Business of his Office or Department, signifying that such Letters and Packets are upon his Majesty's Service ; which Letters and Packets, being so subscribed, and being sealed with the Seal of the Commander in Chief for the Time being, or his Secretary, shall and may be sent and conveyed by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage.

[Penalty on indorsing any Letter which does not concern the said Office.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, authorized to make and subscribe such Indorsement, shall knowingly make the same, or procure the same to be made, upon any Letter or Packet which does not really concern the Business of the said Office or Department of Commander in Chief such Person shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as by the Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for establishing a General Post office, is directed with respect to the Penalties inflicted by the said Act; and for the second Offence shall be dismissed from his Office.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act more effectually to prevent his Majesty's Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain.

---

WHEREAS there is great Reason to apprehend that his Majesty's Enemies may endeavour, by purchasing in the Name of the Subjects of neutral States, or by other indirect means and Contrivances, to cb‘ain the Ships of his Majesty's Subjects, as well for the Purpose of Hostility against hil 4 JDj'flv, p for carrying on their own Trade and Commerce, whereby the publick Service, and the 4 1 r<id<. and Commerce of this Country may be greatly injured for preventing thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and wi h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-lErne t a 111 moled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of July, one thousand bven hundred and eighty two, it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects (without Licences from his Majesty in Council first obtained), directly or indirectly, tofftl or otherwise dispose of, or to ent'aft or agree to fell or other wise dispose of, any Ship or Ships, or Vdlel or Vessels, to any Subject or Subjects of any neutral State, or to any Person or Penons residing in foreign Parts, or to any Agent or Agent* f*»r any such Subject or Subjects of any neutral State, or for such other Person or Persons as afoi laid, under any Pretence, or in any Manner whatsoever; and if any such Sale, D’fposition, Contraft, or Agit. m* r.t, shall be made, it Pull be null and void to and for all Indents and Purposes whatsoever; and the Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vends, so fold and disposed of, or agreed to be sold or dispofrd of, with the Guns, Ammunition, Stores, Tuekle, Apparel and Furniture, to such Ship or Ships%j^r VeflW or Vessds,

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 72. 245

belonging, shall be forfeited to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the Person or Persons offending herein shall <yer and above forfeit the Value of such Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels; and all such Ships or Vessels, of which any Sale or Disposition, or Agreement for Sale or Disposition, shall be made contrary to this Act, shall be seizable, if in any Port, by or by Order of the Collector, Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs in such Port; or if at Sea, then by the Commander of any of his Majesty 5 Ships or Vessels of War, or of any Vessel employed in the Service of his Majesty's Revenue.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, before the said tenth Dav of July one thousand seven hundred T,|psf^, j 3nd eighty-two, any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects shall have been fold, or jjn/remaimngU have been contracted to be sold, to any Subj^dt or Subjects of any neutral State, or to any Person or Persons residing in foreign Parts, or to any Agent or Agents for any such Subject or Subjects of any neutral State, or for such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, be in any Port or Harbour within Great Britain, then every such Sale, or Contract for Sale, shall be null and void.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, before any Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty's Subjects shall be permitted or allowed ^h7ne2c° raJfn* to fail or depart from any Port or Harbour of Great Britain, bound to any foreign Port or Place, a Bond xo'*y foreiga shall be given to his Majesty by the Matter or one of the Owners, with two sufficient Sureties, to be ap- Porr, to give proved of by the Collector, Comptroller, or other principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs at the Port Bond to his Ma-or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel is intended to fail, in Double the Value of such Ship or Vessel,’ and of the Guns, Ammunition, Stores, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, to such Ship or Vessel belonging, upon Condition that the same Ship or Vessel shall not, during the Continuance of this Act, directly or indirectly, be sold or disposed of, or contracted or agreed to be sold or disposed of, contrary to this Act; and the Collector, Comptroller, or other principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs shall, upon taking such Bond, give a Certificate under his Hand, without any Fee or Reward for the lame, that such Bond hath been given to his Majesty.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, after Bond given in pursuance of this Act, shall be sold or disposed of to any of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects, resident within this Realm, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Collector, Comptroller, or other principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs at the Port or Place at which such Bond was given, or at any other Port or Place in Great Britain, upon Application to be made to him or them in that Behalf, and upon Production of the Certificate herein-before directed, to take from the Matter or one of the Owners, and two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by such Collector, Comptroller, or other principal Officer, another Bond to his Majesty, in the same Penalty, and with the like Condition, as the Bond before given in respect of such Ship or Vessel; and from thenceforth such former Bond, in case there shall not have happened any Breach in the Condition thereof, shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and this Provision for taking of a new Bond shall ope/ate and have Effect as often as there shall be any new Sale of any such Ship or Vessel.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Bonds, to be taken pursuant to this Act, shall be provided at the Expence of his Majesty, and shall not be chargeable with any of the Duties upon fiamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper j any Law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further en:idled. That every Broker, Agent, or other Person, negociating or transacting any Sale, Contract, or Agreement, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one thousand Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That 2II the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, which shall be incurred under this Act, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, in which no EtToin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Laws or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Profecucioru or be nonmiied, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or oiherwifr, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Pontiffs.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall only continue in Force until the End of one Month from the first Day of the Session of Parliament which shall nextenfue after the passing of this Act.

Port, such Sale* shall be void.

Mailer, or

fame shall not be fold contrary tolhii Act* '

In case any Sb'p, after giving such Bond, shall be sold to any of his Majesty's Subjt&s, a ness Bond dull be given.

The Bon'h to Is provided at his Majesty's Expence.

Penalty on making any Sale, Sec. contrary 10 this Ai. Penalties and for let lures how to be re ovLied and applied.

Persons sued in executing this Act, rray p>ad the General lilac,

[Treble Costs.]

and recover

Continuance this Act#

of

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for continuing so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets.

WHEREAS an Act was made, in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and VdiMt^ " ’

for preventing unlawful Combinations of I! dr'.men employed in the Silk Mann fuel w t,

for a in;, did Time; which (aiu Act hath

and

tb,

by

PrraTTVu'r.

6 Gcr\ 111. ( 28, rented,

446

«n4 further con*

<inued ontil

June X411788,

[Preamble.]

Recitil of in -Act ia Car. II.

The recited A£, &c. extended to Scotland.

Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, to be en-t red, &c, before Aug. to, 1781.

Soch Tobacco not to be removed into Eng Sand by Land Carriapr j hut mav by Water, under certain RdLiflioa*.

C. 73. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1784.

by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act, as relates to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, should be further continued* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as relates to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to explain an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the planting, setting or sowing of Tobacco in England or Ireland, and to permit the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited time, under certain Restrictions.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for prohibiting the planting, setting, or sowing of Tobacco in England, the letting, planting, or improving to grow, making, or curing Tobacco, either in Seed, Plant, or otherwise, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, is prohibited; and the said Act has, by several subsequent Acts, been explained and enforced: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the said Prohibition is extended to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for att 1 Union of the two Kingdoms ^England and Scotland Now, for obviating such Doubts for the luture, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted and declared determined by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and all and every other Act or Acts which hath ftnee

Patted for prohibiting the Culture of Tobacco in England, shall extend, and bcconftrued to extend, to that art of Great Britain called Scotland; any Thing in any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it is reasonable to permit, for a limited Time, under certain Restrictions, the Use i and Consumption of such Tobacco as hath been already produced and cured in Scotland, or may have been planted before the passing of this Act, and be now growing the re,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Tobacco of the Growth or Production of Scotland, shall, before the twentieth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, give or fend Notice in Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs, at the Custom-house in Scotland nearrft io the Place where such Tobacco shall be lodged, a just and true Account, upon Oath (which Oath such Collector and Comptroller of the Customs are hereby authorised and required to administeu), of the Quantity of such Tobaccothar such Person or Persons shall then have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession; and at the same Time shall enter with and pay to such Collector and Comptroller the like Duties for such Tobacco, as are then due and payable upon the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth and Produce of the Brit if!) Colonies or Plantations in America; and the like Account shal in like Manner be given or lent, and the like Duties paid, for all Tobacco that shall have been planted before the passing of this Act, and may be now growing in Scotland\ which last mentioned Account shall be sent, and the Duties paid, within three Calendar Months after such Tobacco shall be gathered, on Forfeiture of aft such Tobacco as shall be found unentered after the respective Times herein-before limited.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Tobacco shall not be carried or removed from Scotland, into any Part of England, determined by Land Carriage, upon the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, made use of in the removing. Carriage, or Conveyance of the same.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Tobacco to remove the same, Coast wile by Water, into any Port in England, from the Fort where such Tobacco was entered, but from no other, at any Time before the twentieth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eight*-three, in Hogsheads or Casks, each of which shall not contain less than four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight of such Tobacco; and before such Tobacco shall be laden on board any Ship or Vessel for thdt Purpose, the Hogsheads or Casks shall be marked on the Outside with the Words Scots Tobacco, in Letters not less than three Inches in Length, with Ink or some other durable Liquor; and the net Weight of such Tobacco, and the Tare of the Casks, shall be also marked, with such Ink or Liquor, on the Outsides of such Hogslie, ds or Casks, and a Certificate shall be granted, by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at luc h Port, to the Master of the Ship or Vessel on board which such Tobacco shall be laden, to accompany the fame; which Certificate shall ex-orefs the Weight of such Tobacco, with the Marks upon the Casks, the Name of the Ship or Vessel, the Name of the Person or Persons by whom the Duty was paid, and the Time when, and the Port in England to which, such Tobacco is intended to be carried; and such Tobacco shall also be liable to the like Coast Securities, Sufferances, Cocquets, and other Restrictions, not altered by this Act, as are required

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 74. 447

by Law for Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of the British Colonies or Plant* at ions in America, carried Coastwise m Great Britain; and if such Tobacco shall be removed, or found lemoving, without being marked as before directed, or without such Sufferance, Cocquet, or Certificate, or shall not agree therewith, such Tobacco shall be forfeited.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall take any falseOath, or shall counterfeit, forge, erase, or in any wise alter any Certificate required by this Act, or shall cause or procure such Certificate to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered in any Respect, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall fueand prosecute for the fame; and such Penalty shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or Lord Advocate for Scotland, or in the Name of any Officer or Officers of the Customs in any Court of Record ii| England, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, where such Offence shall be committed or dil covered.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Tobacco as shall not be entered, and for which the Duties shall not be paid, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or which shall be removed, or found removing, in any Respect contrary thereto, together with the Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, made use of in the removing, Carriage, or Conveyance, of the same, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in the same Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as other forfeited Tobacco, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, may be seized, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Great Britain.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty herein-before granted shall be paid down in ready Money without any Discount or Allowance whatsoever, and shall be under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, and their Officers, ancHhall be remitted to, and paid into, the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the Receiver-general of the Customs in England, distmd and apart from all other Monies which such Receiver-general shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; and shall be appropriated and applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, are appropriated and applied.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the said Duty,

S anted by this Act, shall be repaid or allowed upon the Exportation of such Tobacco from any Part of reat Britain.

Penalty on oowk terfeiting or al» tering Ccctifi* catea.

All such Tobacco not duly entered or removed contrary tonhit AO, with the Cattle, Ire* shall be forfeited*

Doty to be paid*, without any Discount,

Application thereof.

No Drawback on Exportation*

---

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners, or other Persons for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS certain Acts may have been made and passed in this present Session of Parliament, appointing the first Meetings of the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, for putting such Acts in Execution, upon certain Days, which have elapsed before, or happened upon the respective Days of passing such Acts, and Doubts may arise whether in such Cases the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons appointed in and by such Acts, are authorised to meet and carry such Acts into Execution:'

---

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Any Act passed during the present Session, the Commissioners &c.

That in case any Act or Acts of Parliament hath or have passed, during the present Session of Parliament, and the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, for putting such Act or Acts in Execution, shall not have met and holden their first Meet- Commissi^iers.^ iflgs on the respective Days appointed by such Acts respectively, or shall have met and holden any Meetings for exewtl without sufficient Authority so to do, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, Trustees, or other i*g whereof Persons, or such Number of them as by such Acts are authorised to meet, and to put such Acts in Execu- MBothm tion, to meet and proceed in the Execution of such Acts respectively, on or before the Day Fortnight next after the End of this present Session of Parliament; and all such Meetings so had, shall and are hereby de- mttx*£on dared to be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Commissioners, any D.y within Trustees, or other Persons, had met and proceeded to put such Acts in Execution, on the Days appointed a Fortnight aftte in and by such respective Acts, or as if they had been authorised by such respective Acts to have holden the End of ihia-Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have been alrea y holden as aforesaid; and all Acts,

---

Matters, and Things, which shall be done by such Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, in the Execution of such Acts respectively, shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if their first Meetings bad been held on the Days appointed by such Act respectively, or as if they had been authorised by such respective Acts to have holden Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have been already holden as aforesaid.

248 C. 75 - 78. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to prevent the granting in future any Patent Office to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation now, or at any Time hereafter, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Person, and behave well therein.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Practice of granting Offices in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, and the West Indies, to Persons resident and intending to reside in Great Britain (in consequence whereof such Offices are exercised by Deputy, and have been frequently farmed out to the best Bidder), has been long complained of as a Grievance by his Majesty's loyal Subjects in those Parts, who have been thereby exposed to Exactions and Oppressions, as well as to Inconveniences arising from Neglect of Duty;' may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Granting Patent Offices to be executed in the Colonies, restricted.]

That from henceforth no Office to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation now, or at any Time hereafter, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, shall be granted or grantable by Patent for any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Person, and behave well therein.

[Governor and Council may remove Officers for Neglect of Duties;]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons holding such Office, shall be wilfully absent from the Colony or Plantation wherein the same is or ought to be exercised, without a reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Governor and Council for the Time being of such Colony or Plantation, or shall neglect the Duty of such Office, or otherwise misbehave therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Governor and Council to amove such Person or Persons from every or any such Office: And in case any Person or Persons so amoved shall think himself aggrieved thereby, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so aggrieved to appeal therefrom, as in other Cases of Appeal from such Colony or Plantation, whereon such Amotion shall be finally judged of and determined by his Majesty in Council.

[and may grant Leave of Absence.]

III. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Council of any Colony or Plantation to give such Leave of Absence as they shall see Occasion; and in such Case, as likewise in the Case of Vacancy occasioned by Death or Amotion, to provide for the due Discharge of the Duties of such Office or Offices until the King’s Pleasure shall be known.

[Subsisting Grants not to be prejudiced by this Act.]

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall operate to the Prejudice of any subsisting Grant af such Office or Offices, or to prevent any Office being granted determinable at Pleasure.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the Hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smithfield, near London, and of the House and Hospital called Bethelem, and the Presidents, Treasurers and acting Governors of the said several Hospitals.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to permit Drugs, the Product of Hungary or Germany, to be imported from the Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, upon Payment of the Single Duty; to allow the Importation of Hungary or German Wines, and organzined Thrown Silk from the Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain, and of Timber, and other Goods, from any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Produce or Manufacture.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third,

[Recital of 8 & 9 Gul. III. Cap. 34.]

intituled, An Act for the lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs, after reciting, That whereas by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandises exported and imported, it was provided, That all Drugs imported directly from the Place of their Growth in English built Shipping, be rated one third Part of what is charged in the Book of Rates, and no more, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Subsidy to be received for all Drugs, imported directly from the Place of their Growth in English built Shipping, shall be according to the full Value on the respective Species enumerated

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 79.

in the Book of Rates, and not according to the said Abatement; and for all Drugs otherwise imported, Tiehle such full Value: And whereas Drugs of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of Hungary and Germany, have heretofore been usually imported from Rotterdam, upon Payment of the single

---

Duty; and it is expedient to permit such Drugs to be imported in like Manner from the Auftnan Nether lands, or any Pott in Germany May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it mailed by the King’s most Excellent Maj'rtv, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ami Commons, in th;s present Parliament assemblec), and by the Authority of fame. That, horn and after the twenty fifth D iy of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, all Dru^s of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Hungary or Germany, which shall be laden and shipped at any Port or Pljce in the Austrian Netherlands, or at any Port in Germany, and imported from thence in Britt ft) built Sh'pping into this KingJoiii, shall be deemed and taken to be imported directly from the Place of their G»>wth, Production, or Manufacture, and shall be liable to and pay Duties accordingly; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall and may be lawful for any Pei fem or Persons to import any Wines, or any organzined Thrown Silk, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of Hungary, the Austrian Dominions, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain, from the Austrian Netherlands, or from any Port or Place subject to the Emperor of Germany, or House of Austria, upon Payment of the same Duties for such Wine as are due and payable for Rhenish Wine, and the same Duties for such O'ganzined Thrown Silk as are due and payable for the like Silk imported into this Kingdom from Italy, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and imreafing of Shipping and Navigation, it is, amongst other bings, enadUtf, That no Goods or Commo lities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Muscovy, or to any the Countries, Dominions, or Territories, to the Great Duke or Emperor of Muscovy or Russia belonging; as also that no Sorts of Marts, Timber, or Boards, no foreign Salt, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Hecrp or Flax, Raisins, Figs, Prunes, Olive Oils; no Sorts of Corn or Grain, Sugar, Pot-ashes, Wines, Vinegar, or Spirits called Aqua Viter, or Brandy Wine, shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but such as do truly, and without Fraud, belong to the People thereof, or some of them, as the true Owners and Proprietors thereof, and whereof the Mailer and three fourths of the Mariners at lead* are Engl ft.>; except only such foreign Ships and Vessels as are of the Built of that Country or Place of c which the said Goods are the Growth, Production, or Manufacture respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods can only be, or most usually are, first shipped for Transportation, and whereof the Maf- ter and three fourths of the Mariners at lead are of the said Country or Place, under the Penalty and Forfeitme of Ship and Goods: And whereas by another Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of the Act* intituled, 41 An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Ahftes in his Majestys Cujhmsf passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Deal Boards and Fir Timber from Germany, it is, amongd other Things, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's Subjects to import any Quantity or Quantities of Fir Timber, Fir Planks, Marts, and Deal Boards, being of the Growth of Germany, into this Kingdom, from any Port or Place in Germany, in British built Ships only, so as the Owner or Owners are his Majesty's British Subjects, and whereof the M.trter and three fourths of the Mariners at lead are British Subjects, paying the like Rates and Duties to his Majesty for the same as are ptvable for Fir Timber, Fir Planks, Mads, and Deal Boards,

imported from Norway: Now, in order to encourage and promote the Importation of Timber, and several of the other Articles enumerated in the said Acts, into this Kingdom be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall and may he lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain any Sort of Timber, or any of the said Articles cium.rated in the before recited Acts, from any foreign Port or Place in Europe, in any Ship or Vessel being the Property of Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of which such Goods are the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, although the Country or Place where such Ship or Veiled was built, or to which (he doth or may belong, was not under the Dominion of such Sovereign at the Time of passing the herein-before recited Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any other. R, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That all such Goads and Merchandizes so imported into Great Britain, in such foreign built Ships, or the Property of Foreigners, shall be liable to Aliens and all other Duties to which they would have been liable if this Act had not been made.

249

From July ay, 17*2, >11 Drogi, the PrcKiudfc ot H >np?ryor Germany, may be imported trom the* Autlrian

Nsthd lands,

Ac. on pjvmfiQt of lie /intle

Duty.

Dure* to be paid on the Importation ot* Wine, crrrgaa« znicu Ti re w/i Silk, from Ger-xrunv, &c. be-»n£ ike P/ortaA of the Imperial Domu.wi>». Recital 01 the Navigation Att*

1% Car, 1U

6 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

From July 1782, Tunic-, &c. may be imported in tore.ffi

built Ships cu-

drr c»*rt tin Rest n it ion;

bnf shall be subj A to Aliena Dunes.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

WHEREAS the utmost Exertions are now requisite for increasing the Military Force in this I ‘ Kingdom.’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Vol. XIV. Part II. K 1c and

[Preamble.]

2 50

All Volunteer Corps, ho in case of Invasion or Rebellion, fluiH rrurch out of thru respective Fowm or Couptie#, shall be intitird to ie-ceive Pay as Regulars, &c.

Ourr< Marti*/, for Trial of Voiunteets ro be cumpoled of

Commi/fi-ned Otfiren (f.^bled, intitled to Half *,j/> &c.

preemb/r.

Certain Pfecet of Land, and Tenetrcnts therrunto belonging, near Port*mouth, io the County of Soulhaisptoo)

C. 8o. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

and by the Authority of the same, That any Corps or Companies of Volunteers, who now are or shall hereafter be formed, in any Towns or elsewhere in Great Britain, during the Continuance of the present War, under Officers having Commission from his Majesty, or from the Lieutenants of Counties, or others who may be specially authorised by his Majesty for that Purpose, and who shall at any Time, in case of actual Jnvafionor Rebellion, march out of their respe&iye Towns or Counties for the Purpose of acting against any Rebels or Invaders of this Kingdom, shall, in that Case, be intitled to receive Pay in such Manner and at such Rates as the Officers and SolJiers of his Majesty's Regular Forces do now rcec.ve; and shall, during the Time of their so receiving Pay as above, be subject to Military Discipline as the rest of his Majesty's Regular and Militia Troops!

II. Provided always, That no Officer or Soldier of any Volunteer Corps shall be liable to be tried or punished by any Court Martial at any Time, unless such Court Martial be computed entirely of Officers serving in the Volunteer Corps, if a sufficient Number can be obtained to coniiicute such Court Martial,

Volunteer Officer*.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commissioned Officers of the said Corps, who shall be disabled by the Enemy in attual Service, shall be intitled to Half Pay, and all Non» commissioned Officers and Soldiers so disabled to the Benefit of LhelJca Hospital, and the Widows of Commissioned Officers killed in the Service to a Pension for Life.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

WHEREAS, for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships of War, and Stores, it is highly. necessary to enlarge and {Lengthen the Fortifications at or near Portsmouth and Chatham, and in order thereunto to purchase several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, some of which are or may be the Effaces of Infants, Femes-covert, Ecclesiastical Corporations, or other Persons who by Law are dif- abled to make any Contracts or Conveyances; in all which cases, as likewise when any Proprietors, de- signing ro obstru£l the Publick Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to themselves, infill on extra- vagant Rates, it will be necessary to have Recourse to the usual Methods that have been taken in Cases of the like Nature: To the end therefore that the true and real Value of the said Effaces may be afeer- tained, and the Owners and Proprietors thereof may have a juff and reasonable Satisfaction for the same be it enaclrd by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that Piece or Parcel of Land, together with the Windmill, Tenements, and other Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, situate, lying, and being near the Town of Portsmouth, on the North Side of the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Pertsmouth to London, containing by Estimation twenty-five Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, which Piece or Parcel of Land is abutting on the Lands of his Majesty to the North, East, and Weft, ami on the said Turnpike Road to the Sou;h, as the same Premises are now in the Tenure or Occupation of Mailer James Judson, ani other Persons; and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Land, together with all the Messuages, Tenements, Buildings,^ and other Hereditaments, to the same belonging or appertaining, and all Streets, Roads, Ways, and Passages thereto belonging or appertaining, situate, lying, and being near the Town of Portsmouth, on the North and Weft Sides of the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Portsmouth to Lon don y containing in the Whole by Estimation nine Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, as the same Lands lie together and adjoin to the King’s Land there; which Pieces or Parcels, so intended to be purchased, are abutting to the North on certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, to the East and South on the said Turnpike Road, and to the Weft on the original Boundary Line of the King’s Land, and as the same are now, or lately were, in the Tenure or Occupation of Thomas Fitzherbert Esquire, Su-fannah Temple, William Augufus Bettefwcrth Gentleman, William Smith Gentleman, Thomas Primat, Thomas Hilly and others; and also all those several Fields or Closes of Land and Gardens, with all the Messuages, Outhouses, and other Buildings thereto belonging, and all that Marsh Land called The Little Ah-rajsy and all the Roads, Wells, Waters, and other Appurtenances to the same Premises belonging, situate near his Majesty's Fortifications, and on the East and South Sides of the said Turnpike Road leading from. London to Portsmouth, which Lands contain by Estimation seventy-five Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, and range and extend, in a straight Line, from the East Corner of a certain Pond adjoining to the said Turnpike Road, and called Ridge's Pond, to the Low-water Ma»k on the Beach called South Sea Peachy at the Distance of five hundred Yards from the Salient Angle of the Eastermost Part of the Covert Way opposite the Bastion called The King's Bajiion of the Fortification of Portsmouth, and are now in the Occupations of Sir John Carter Knight, Thomas Ridge Esquire, Satnuel Leeke Esquire, Moses Greetham% Mistress Grigg, Joseph Trattle, and divers other Persons; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land* lying on the South Side of the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road to the Dock- yard, with the Pumps, Wells, and other Erc&ions thereon, and Appurtenances thereto, as the same contain thirty-seven Perches, nr thereabouts, be the same more or less, and are now in the Occupation of Sir John Carter Knight, Matter Wildam Augustus Beitefvjorthy and others; and also all those Lands, with the several Messuages,^Malt-houses, Distd'houses, and other Buildings and Erections thereoiv, with the Yards, Backsides, and Gardena thereunto belonging, and also all the Roads, Wells, Waters, Pumps, and other Appurtenances, situate on the North Side of the said Road leading from the said Turnpike Road to the Dock-yard, and on the West Side of the Turnpike Road from Portsmouth to London^ ranging froja the King s Bound Stone, adjoin*

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 80. 251

ing to the House of William Channen, to the said Turnpike Road, and then extending along the West Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Weigh-bridge opposite to the End of Lake Lane, and from the North-east Part of the said Weigh-bridge. including the same Weigh-bridge, across the common Field called La/?

Dock Field otherwise Fountain Fields to the Low-water Mark in the Harbour of Portsmouth, ranging f/.>ni 1 the Weigh-bridge to the Water, on a Line with the North Corner of the Field near a Place called The Pest house, now in the Possession of Sir John Carter \ all which Landsand Premises are adjacent to the King's Fortifications, and contain by Estimation ninety-eight Acres, or thereabouts, be the lame more or less, and are in the Tenures or Occupations of the said Sir John Carter, Thomas Fitzherbert Esquire* William Deacon Gentleman, Thomas Binstead, MofesGreetham, and divers other Persons; and also all ihofe two Pieces or Parcels of Land lying together and adjoining to the Inner Boundary Line of the King’s Land, with the Tenement,

Ways, Passages, and other Hereditaments thereunto belonging and appertaining, and near the Mill Pond in the Parish of Portsea, conta ning by Estimation three Acres, or thereabouts, be the same mure or less, abutting to the Noah on Land of William Andrews, to the Fait on the King’s Boundary, to the South on the Mill Pond, and to the Weft on ether Part of the same Lands, as the same have been maiked and set out by his Majesty's Engineers, and are now in the Tenure or Occupation of Matter, William Clark, and others*, and also all those three Meffu3ges or Tenements, with the Yards, Backsides, and other Hereditaments thereunto belonging or appertaining, tttuate on the North Side and near the upper End of Qiu'cn-street, in the Parish of Portjca aforesaid, abutting to the North on Lands of the College of Winchester, to the South on the said Street, to the East on the King’s Land, and to the Weft on another Messuage in the Occupation of William Smith, as the same three Messuages are now in the Occupation of Thomas Ldiyct,

James Trick, and Joftfb Smith; and also all that final] Piece or Parcel_of Land, Part of a Slip of Land be-ionging to the College of Wir.de/ler, tttuate on the North Side of the said last mentioned Premises, containing fix Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or Ids, abutting to the South Side on the said last mentioned Premises and the King’s Land, to the North and East and to the Weft on other Part of the same Slip of Land, as the same is now in the Occupation of William Sibley; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, situate on the South Side of [ueen jlrcet aforesaid, containing by Estimation five Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, abutting to the North on the said Street, to the South rn the before-mentioned Lands of the said Wil iam Clark, and the King’s Land, to the East on the King’s Land, and to the Wtft on Lands of Matter William Andrews, as the same Piece or Parcel of Land is now in the Occupation of the said William Andrews’, and also all that Messuage or Tenement, with a f rn a 11 Piece of Land in the Front thereof, with the Yard, Backside, and other Hereditaments thereunto belonging, situate adjoining to the Parade Front of the Colevjort Garden Barracks, in the Parish of Portsmouth, abutting to the North, East, and Weft, on the said Parade, and to the South on a Deal Yard herein after mentioned, as the same Premises are now in the Occupation of John Turner; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, now used as Part of a Deal Yard, in the said Parish of Portsmouth, containing by Estimation thirty-five Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, abutting to the North on the said last mentioned Messuage and Parade, to the South on other Part of the said Deal Yard, to the East on a Lane called Powder House Lane, and to the Weft on the said Parade and the King’s New Armoury, as the same is now in the Occupation of Master George Poore; and also all that small Messuage or Tenement, with the Yard and Backside thereunto belonging, together with the two Sheds adjoining thereto, containing by Estimation fifteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, situate near the said Parade and the Artillery Barracks, abutting to the North and East on the said Parade, to the West on a Lane called Powder House Lane, and to the South on other Part of the same Backside and Premises, as the same Premises are now in the Occupation of the Parishioners of Portsmouth, and John Horwood; and also all those two several Fields or Closes of Land, situate at Efon, in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the far'd County of South-ampten, containing together by Estimation seven Acres, or thereabouts, be the fanle more or less, bounded &s followeth; that is to say, with the Harbour of Portsmouth on the East, with a publick Road on the

West, with several private Gardens on the South, and with Lands now or late of Master Templer on the North Parts thereof, as the same are now in the Possession of Thomas AJi/Jhtg Esquire, and Master Steward, or their Under-tenants; and also all that other Field or Close of Land, adjoining to and on the West Side of the same Road, containing by Estimation Four Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or Jess, as the same is now in the Occupation of Master Waller and his Under-tenants; and also all those three Fields or Closes of Land, adjoining to each other on the North Side of Efon aforesaid, bounded by a publick Road on the-East, containing by Estimation twenty-nine Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, as the same are now in the Occupation of the Tenants of the said Thomas Missing, Master Carter, and the Trustees of a Charity School; and also all those two Fields or Closes of L~nd, adjoining each other, situate in the said Parish of Alverstoke, near a Mill called Forton Mill, and on the East Side of a Lake called Forton Lake, and adjoining on the Weft to a publick Road there, containing together by Ettim.irion twenty-three Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, as the same are nowin the Possession of John Fames Esquire, and Master Robert Waller, or their Under-tenants; and also all those three Fields or Closes of Land, adjoining each other, and bounded by the said Lake on the Weft, and the said publick Road on the East, containing together by Estimation seventeen Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, as the same are now in the Possession of William Hollis Gentleman, Mistress Derrick, and Master Patton, or their Under-tenants; and also all those five Fields or Closes of Land, adjoining to each other, and situate on the West Side of the said Lake and on the North Side of Forton, in the said Parish of Alverstoke, containing by Estimation thirty-two Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or jess, as the same are now in the several Tenures or Occupations of the said William Hollis and the Reverend Mailer Wools, or their Under-tenants; and also all that Field or Close of Land, with the Meflyages and Buildings thereon, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, situate at or near the Place called The Halfway Hqufes, in the Road leading from Gosport to Berry, in the said Parish of Alverstoke, containing by Estimation thirteen Acres, or thereabouts* be the same more or less* bounded on the East by the said Road leading ,to‘ Bcry, gnd on the

C. 8 o.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Wtft Side by a Foot-way leading to the Church of Alverjhke, as the same are now in the Occupation of Mathii Esquire, and others; and a)f> all thoie three Kit Ms or Ciofes of Land, fruate adjoining to each other, on the East Side of the said Road leading to Betty, cont.rning determined by Ettiniation Lientem Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, as the same are now in the Pottilfion of the Vicar of Alm verj/oke, Alafter Reeks, Matter Bedford, and Matter Orchard, or their Under-tenants; and also ah those two Fields or Ciofes of Lands, situate adjoining to each ether, on the West Side of the Mid Foot-way leading to the said Church, containing by Estimation fifteen Acres, or thertabouts, he the same more or lets, as the same are now in the Occupation of the said Jilathis, and Matter Keeping-, and also all

those eight Fields or Ciofes of Land, lituafe near the Royal Hospital of Haslar, in the la d Parish of Al~ verjhke, adjoining to each other, and bounded by the Sea Shore on the South, and containing tog -ther fo/ry-six Acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, as the Mine are now in the everal Occupations of the said John Karnes, // iliiam Peachy, and Matter fin, as //TXnJm, or their Under-tenants; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Land, fruace at a Face ca.led Cia'Kicker, in the Parish of Aiver/hke aforesaid, on Part of whi< h a Fort called Fort Alonckton is now ereefing, together with the Out ground and Sene thereunto belonging, as the same hns been alien !y fit out and it;:lctd by his Majesty's Engineers, and contain of arable or inclosed Land, Part and Parcel of divers,) ieids, S x Acte*, I wo Roods, and three Perches, or thereabouts, be the same or less, and of Common or Reach Ground thirty two Acres and twenty Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, which Arable and Ipclofid Lands are the Property of the said John Karnes, IK;Ilium Peachy, the Reverend Matter Sturgis, the Reverend Matter Davis, and Matter James IVtlkinjon, and tlu* Common an 1 Reach Ground are in the Possession of the CM John

Fames, lpiliiam Peachy, aj:d Matter //

ndcertiin other Fi.*ces of Land,

a,iJ T-nc:Dfiitj

thJ«-unt> belonging, ficuite in or near Fiin^fb’jry, in the County of Kent;

mentioned Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and

hodman, or their Under-tenants; all with h bid several her ein-bdore Herediiamenrs, are fruate,

Lands belonging to Matter Riehard Russell, South-wett on the River Medw7v, and Weft on 01 belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, and on a certain Road leading from Ftindsbury aforesaid and also all those five several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, adjoining

, and being in the County of Southampton; and also all those five several Pieces or Parcels of A<ab.e and IMture Land, adjoining together, and lying and being in rh; Parish of Ftindfaury, in the County of Kent, containing together by Admeasurement seventy-nine Acres and thirty-one Perches, or thereabouts, be the same nmre or less, commonly celled or known by the several Names of I! indmill Field, V;per Fo>ty Acres, Lower F.rty Ares, Ten Acres Meadow, and Dock Field, being the Property of or belonging to the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blefed Virgin Mary of Rochester, in the said County of Kent, nowin the Occupation of Matter Philip Bogfju\/t, or his Under-tenant, and the Windmill, and all Tenements and Hereditaments upon and to the same belonging or appertaining, abuaing North and North-cast on a Road leading from the Church of Fr indsbury a fore la id to a certain Place caiied Tower Hill, Eatt on Salt Marfa Lands, belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, South-e;itt on other Lands belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, on Lands belonging to the Wardens and Commonalty of Rochej/er Bridge, and on

tner Lands d to Up nor 1

ng together,

and lying and being in the said Parish of Frindjlury, containing together by Admeasurement fifty-two Acres, two Roods, and thirty-four Perches, or thereabouts, be the tame more or less, commonly called o. known by the several Names of Tower Hill, The Piece adjoining to Tower Hill, The Cherry Orchard, Farthing Field, and Little Tower Hill, being the Property of or belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, nowin the Occupation of the said Philip Bogbur/I# or his Under-tenants, and all Ten^men's and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on the before mentioned Road leading from Fnndj-bury af< re fa? cl to Lfywr aforesaid, S >uth on Lands belonging to John Sabb, herein-aAe; described, and on Salt AlarJh Lands, belonging to the said Dean and Cnanter, Weft on oilier Land* belonging t> the said Dean and Chapter, and East on the before mentioned Road leading from Ft inajhury to Upnor, and on Lands belonging to his Majesty; also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pattu e Land lying and being in the said Parish of Frincifbury, containing by Admeasurement three Acres, two Roods, and fix Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or les, being the Property of or belonging to the said Dean snJ Chapter, now in the Occupation of the said Philip Boghur/l, or his Under-tenants an 1 all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North and Weft on the before mentioned Road leading from Frindjlury to Upnor, South on Lands belonging to the Lord Bdhop of Rcchc/ler, here n-ofter (leferibed, East on Frind/bury Parish Land, alto herein-afrer described, and South-west on Land belonging to the said Dean and Ch iprer; also al that PL ce or Para 1 of Meadow or Pasture Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Frindjlury, containing by Admeasurement four Acres, one Rood, and thirteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the lame more or less, now, and for some Time last patt, converted irvo and used as a Chalk Hole for the digging of Chalk, and a Chalk Wharf, biing the Property of or belonging to John Sail, now in the Occupation of James Cockle, and or one of them, their or one of their Under-tenants, ,and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or ?pp. rtaming, abutting North and East on Lands belonging to the fi;id Dean and Chapter herein-before delcub-d. South on the Ditch against Salt Marsh Lands, belonging to the said John Sabb, and Weft on a Creek called // 'hits //'all Creek; also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Frindjlury, containing by Admeasurement four Acres, one Rood, and ten Perches, or thereabouts, be the same moie or less, being the Property of, or belonging to, the said John Sabb, now in the Occupation ( f Philip Boghurst senior, or his Under-tenants, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on the aforesaid Road leading from Frindjlury to Upnor, South and East on Lands belonging to William Comport, herein-afrer described, and Weft on the said Land belonging to the Lord Bishop of Ro-defer, and Frindfiury Parish Land; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, heretofore till Ltely iu two Pieces or Parcels, but now laid into one, lying and being in the said Parish of Ft indsbury, containing in the Whole by Admeasurement eleven Acres two Roods and eight Perches or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of, or belonging to, William Comport, now in the Occupation of the said James Cockle, or his Under-tenant, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 80.

appertaining, abutting North on the said Land belonging to the Lord Bishop of Rochester, South on Lands belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, herein-bdore described, Eaib on other Lands belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, and on Lands belonging to the said John Snbb, herein-before described, and Weft on other Land belonging to the said Dean and Chapter; also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Frindfiury, containing by Admeasurement three Acres and twelve Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or lets, being the Property of, or belonging to, the Lord Bishop of Rochester, and Part of the Land belonging to the Rectory or Parsonage of Frindsbury aforesaid, and now in the Occupation of Thomas Smithy or his Under-tenant, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North and Weft on Lands belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, South on Land belonging to the said William Comport, herein-before described, and East on Land belonging to the said John Sabby herein-before described, and Frindsbury Parish Land, also herein after described; also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Land, lying and being 4n the Lid Parish of Frindfiury, containing by Admeasurement one Acre, two Roods, and seventeen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being Land formerly given, by Bonham Penistone Yeoman, towards the Repairs of the Church of the Parish of Frindsbury aforesaid, and now commonly called Frindsbury Pa~ riflj Landy and now in the Occupation of Thomas Hally or his Under-tenant, abutting North and East on the aforesaid Road leading from Frindsbury to Upnor, South on the said Land belonging to the Lord Bishop of Rochester, and on Land belonging to the said John Sabby herein-before described, and Weft on Land belonging to the said Dean and Chipter, also herein-before described; and also all those ten several Pieces or Parcels of Land, Meadow or Pasture and Woodland adjoining together, lying and being in the said Parish of Frindsbury, containing together by Admeasurement sixty-five Acres, and thirteen* Perches, or thereabouts, be the Ume more or less, commonly called or known by the several Names of Storekeepers Meadow, Upper Stile Ftcldy Part of Goodness Field Lay, Ten Gun Field, Ten Gun Field Shazu, Beacon Hilly The Woody The Two Mutton Flail Meadows, and Mutton Hally being the Property of or belonging to the Lid Dean and Chapter, and now in the Occupation of the said Philip Boghurst, or his Under-tenant, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on Land late belonging to James Hulkes, on a certain Road leading from Frindsbury to Hooy and on Land belonging to Thomas Hally South on the before mentioned Road leading from Frindsbury to Upnor, and on Land belonging to his Majesty, on Land belonging to the Heirs or Devisees of Owen Skinner deceased, on Land belonging to William Brantont on Land belonging to Samuel Nicholson, and on the River Medwayt East on Land belonging to Elizabeth Hills Widow, on Strood Parish Landy on Land belonging to Philip Boghurst the elder, and on Land belonging to John Boghurst, all herein after described, and Weft on Land belonging to the said Dean and Chapter; also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Land, lying and being in the Lid Parish of Frindsbury, containing by Admeasurement two Acres, two Roods, and thirty-one Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, Part thereof having been heretofore dug away, and converted into, and formerly used as a Bailaft Wharf, being the Property of, or belonging to, the Heirs or Devisees of Owen Skinner deceased, and now in the Occupation of William Brantoriy or his Under-tenant, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North and Weft on Land belonging to the said Dean and Chapter before described. South on Land belonging to his Majesty, and East on the River Medway; and also all that Messuage, Tenement, or Dwelling House commonly called or known by the Name or Sign of The Boatswain and Call, lying and being at or near a certain Place called Upnor, in the said Parish of Frindfiury, together with the OuthouLs, Buildings, Yard, Garden, and Ap >urtenances thereunto belonging, and therewith now used; and also ail that small Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Land lying behind the said Messuage or Tenement, and thereunto adjoining

and belonging, and therewith now also used, containing all together by Admeasurement one Acre, two

f Roods, and one Perch, or thereabouts, be the same more or Ids, being the Property of, or belonging to,

the said William Brantoriy and now in his own Occupation, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on Lands belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, hereinbefore described, and on Land belonging to Samuel Nicholson, next herein after described, Sourh on the said Land belonging to the said Heirs or Devisees of Owen Skinner, herein-before described, East on the

River Medway, and Weft on Land belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, herein-before described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land adjoining the said Premises last-before described, lying and being in the said Parish of Frindsbury, containing by Admeasurement one Acre, two Roods, and thi. teen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, now, and for some Time !aft past, converted into and used as a Brick-kiln for the making of Bricks, being the Property of, or belonging to, Samuel Nicholson, now in his own Occupation, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on Land belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, herein-before described, Weft on the fain Land belonging to the said William Brantony herein-before described, and East on the River Medway, and on Lands belonging to Elizabeth Hills Widow, herein after described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Frindfiury, containing by Admeasurement three Acres, three Roods, and one Perch, or thereabouts, be the same more or leis. Part thereof now, and for some Time last past, converted into and used as a Bailaft Wharf for the digging of Bailaft, and other Part thereof now, and for some Time last past, converted into and used as a Brick Ground for the making of Bricks, being the Property of, or belonging to Elizabeth Hills, Widow, now in her own Occupation, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on Strood Parish Landy herein after described. South on the Rivet Medway, Last on other Land belonging to the said Elizabeth Hills, and Weft on Lands belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, herein-before described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of rough Ground adjoining the Premises last before described, and lying and being in the said Parish of Frindsbury, containing by Admeasurement four Acres, one Rood, and five Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, heretofore commonly called or known by the

Name

V oOO

254 C. 8o. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

l^ame of Saint Thomas's Roughy being Land formerly purchased by Anthony Young and Jacob Pemble of IVII-Ham Drewiy Esquire, and conveyed to Icvcral Paitlhion -s id" Strati in dv- laid County, for the Use of the Poor of the Parish of Strood aforesaid, and now commonly caiic<: Strood Parish Land, in the Occupation of Elizabeth Hills YViduw, or her Under-tenants, and ail Tencm'irs and Heudium-nts to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on a certain Road leading from the Top of Four Elms Hid to a, certain Line called Hollow-lam, South on the Land b:u/n/ing ro *h*- f.iid Elizabeth Hills, lait heiein-be-

fore described, Last on other Land belonging to the f:ud EazuLib Hills, and Weft on Land belonging to the said Dean and Chapter herein-before, ami on LmJ belonging to Philip Boghurst the elder, lu rein-arier described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Me idmv or P ilMrc Land, adj >ining the Premises Lift hereinbefore described, lying and being in the said Parish of F ludjhury, containing by Avimeasuremcut five Acres, one Rood, and fix Perches, or thereabouts, be the same n orc or Ms, being the Prupeny of, or bJ nging to, Philip Boghurst the elder, row in the Occupation of Philip Boghurst the younger, or his Under-te-nanrs, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to ti e f>n e btiotig'ing or appertaining, abutting North on Land btlong'ng to the said Dean and Chapter herein before, and on Ltmd beloi ging to John Bighnift%, herein after oefcished, and on the Lid Rone leadu g In ri Fntr Elms Hill to Ho low-u7.v/, South and Welt on Land belonging to the Lid Dean ami Chapter, and Lilt on the said Strood Pm ish Land; ailo all those two several Pieces or Parcels of Meadow or Failure Lari adjoining the Premises Jail before dckribeJ, anj a ho adjoining together, and lying and being in the said Parish of Frindsbury% at or near the said Four 11 in: 5 Hilly anil in the Parish of Saint U'nrlwgh otiicrwife in the Lid County, or one of them, together with the Shaw or Small Piece of Woodland there unro aJjuni* g or belonging, and therewith now used, containing together by Admeasurement nineteen Acres, two Roods, and twenty-nine Perchts, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being t’ue Property at cr beh-ngii g to John Bofurjly now in his own Occupation, and ail Tenements and Ilercditanvnts to the same b* longing r appertaining, abutting North on the Road leading from Frindjiury to H Cy am) on I.and bJnngng to Elizabeth Hills Widow, Sou f on the said Road leadit g from Fc-ur hims hill to Hollow-lancy and on Land belonging to the said Philip //r-hmjl the elder, herein-before described, Last on Land belonging to the said Elizabeth Hiiisy and on Laud belonging to the said John Safb, and Weft on Land belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, and cn the said Road leading from Four Elrrs llill to Hollow-lane; and alij ail that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pjf-ture Land lying and being at or near the said Place called Four Elms Hilly in the said Patish of Frhulfoury> containing by Admeasurement two Actes and two Roods, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to Thomas Hally and now in the Occupation of John Futlccs, or his Undertenant, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the fa me belonging or appertaining, abutting North on the said Road leading from Frinrfbury to lhoy E-ft r n the said Road leading from Four Elms Hill to Hi/-"Bd cei tain other low-laney and Weft on Land belonging to the said Dean ?nd Chapter before described; and also all that Piece* of Land, Messuage or Tenement lying and being in the Parish of Gillingham% in the said County of Kent, and com-ihr -unto"be* monW called or known by the Name or Sign of The Black Lien, with the Outhouses, Buildings, Yards, longing, the Gardens, Qlofe, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and therewith now used, containing together by parish of Gil- Admeasurement one Acre, two Roods, and thirty-four Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less; ilingh*m, in the and also all those three several Pieces or Parcels of Meadow or Pa it u re Land adjoining together, with the lam County; Wood or Shaw thereunto adjoining and banging, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, containing together by Admeasurement twenty Acres and nineteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the lame more or less, commonly called or known by the several N *mrs of Black Lien AleadoWy Chefunt Shawfield, Cht-sunt ShatUy and Horne Fieidy the said Lft mentioned Messuage or Tenement, Lands ami Premises, being the P/operty of John Fletcher Esquire, now tn the Occupations of Isaac Ik iidash Esquire, and Ik idiom Danrt>

or their respective Under-tenants, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North and Weft on a certain Road leading from Chatham to Gillingham aforesaid, South on Land be longing to John Strover and Anna his Wife, Elizabeth Strover Widow, and Jane Arabella lVeeklc)\ ht mm alter described, and East on a certain Lane called Fox-lane; and also all those two Pieces or Parce ls of Meadow or Pasture Land adjoining together, and lying and being in the said Parish of Gil-lingham, containing together by Ae measurement five Acres and one Perch, or thereabouts, be the same ith re or less, commonly called or known by the fe\cral Names of Gravel-pit Field, and Lower Growl-pit Fieidy being also the Property of the Lid John Fletcher, now in the Occupation of the said IF ilium Dnrm} or his Under tenants, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on Lard belonging to IFiiiiam Green, he:an-atter described. South ai d Raft on the said Ro*d leading from Chatham to GillingbaWy and on Land belonging to IFiiiiam Shairp Esquire, herein after described, and Well on a certain Lane called Spray other wise Stray Lane; and also ail that Piece or Paiccl of Arable Land lying and being in the said Parish of Giliinoham, containing by Admeasurement twelve Acres in1 ten Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or Itfs, commonly called or known by the Name of Alcnjh Field, being also the Property of trie said John Fincher, now in the Occupation of the said ////-Earn Danny or his Under-teranr, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on Salt Marsh Lands, belonging to the said John Futchety South on Lands belonging to William Green, and on Land belonging to the Principal and Scholars of the King's Ha!I and College of Brazen Nojexw Oxford, Governors of Queen Elizabeth's Free School in the County of Lon-cafltry herein after described, Last on the said Lane called Spray otherwise Stray Lane, and Weft on other. Lands belonging to the said IFiiiiam Green, herein after also described; and alto all that Piccfc or Parcel of Arable Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillinghamy containing by Admeasurement rtine Acres and fifteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being Pait of a certain Field or Piece or Parcel of Arable Land there, commonly called or known by the Name of Bay-street, being also the Property of the said John Fletcher, now in the Occupation of the said William Danny or his Under-tenant, and ail Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on a certain Lane

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 80.

called Dark-lane, South on Lands belonging to the said Principal and Scholirs, herein after described, East on other Lands belonging to the Laid Principal and Scholars, and on the R- {.due of the CiiJ Piece or Paiccl of Land called Bayfireet, and Weft on Lands belonging to the said Jih't Sir over and Anna his Wife, Elizabeth Strover Widow, and Jane Arabella Weeklcy, herein-aftei de'criotd; and also all those four several Messuages, Tenements, or Cottages, lying and being in the f.od Panda of Gillingham, with the Gardens, Orchards, and Appurtenances to them severally belonging or appertaining, ai d therewith now ui'cd,'Containing together in the Whole by Aumeaiu em nt one A< re, one Rood, and twen'y-nine Perches, or thereabouts, lie the same more or less, being the Pro; ?rt)' of or belonging to William Shetitp Esquire, now in the several Occupations of John Page, William Cordelier, Richard Pfl, Jcjrph Honey, and James Ber-m tuell9 or some of them* and all Tenements and Her edraments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North and East on Land belonging to the said ff'illiam Green, herein after described, S u h oti the said Road leading from Chatham to Gillingham, and VVt ft on Lind belonging to the said John Fletcher, herein-befo'e described; and a!so all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, containing by Admeasurement twelve Acres and four Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, commonly called or known by the Name of Muresfield, bring the Prop^ rty of or belonging to William Green, nowin the Occupations of John Beil and Thomas White, or their Undertenant, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North east on Lands belonging to John Page, herein after described, South on the said Road leading from Chatham to Gillingham, on the said Land and Premises belonging to William Shairp Esquire, and on Land belonging to the said John Fletcher, before described, and Weft on the said Lane called Spray otherwise Stray Lane; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, containing by Admeasurement three Acres, two Roods, and three Perches, or thereabouts, be the f.me more or less, also commonly called or known by the Name of Gravel-pit Field, being also the Pr p^rty of or belonging to the said William Green, now in the Occupation of the said John Bell and Thomas White, or their Under-tenant, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on Land belonging to the said John Fletcher, before described. South on Land belunging to his Majesty, e.ft on the said Lane called Spray otherwise Stray Lane, and Weft on Land belonging to the foiJ Principal and Scholars; and also all those two Pieces or Parcels of Arable and Pasture Land adjoining together, and lying, and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, containing together by Admeasurem nt sixteen Acres and one Rood, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, commonly called or known by the several Names of Upper Marsh Field, and Tom-all-alone's Meadow, being also the Property of or belonging to the said William Green, and now in the Occupation of the said John Bell and Thomas White, or their Under tenants, and* all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on Marsh Lands belonging to the said John Fletcher, South on Lands belonging to his Majesty, and on Land belonging to the said Principal and Scholars, East on Land belonging to the said John Fletcher, before described, and Weft on Land belonging to his Majesty, and on a certain Street or Row of Houses called Tom-all-alone's Houses; and also all those eight several Messuages or Tenements, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, with the several Outhouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances, to them severally belonging or appertaining, and with them now used, containing all together by Admeasurement two Roods and thirty-seven Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being commonly called or known by the Name of Tom-all-alone s Street or Tom-all-alone's Houses, being the several Properties of or belonging to John Webb, Simmons\ and Thomas Clark, and now or late in the several Occupations of the said John Webb, Henry Avery, Robert Durrant, William Dutchett, Mark Goode, William M:tt, Henry Durley, and the said Thomas Clark, and all Tenements and Hereditament to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on the said Marsh Lands belonging to John Fletcher Esquire, South and Weft on Larid belonging to his Majesty, and East on Land belonging to the said William Green, before described; and also all those three Pieces of Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land adjoining together, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, containing together by Admeasurement nineteen Acres, one Rood, and twenty-eight Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, commonly called or known by the leveial Names of Farther Jacobites, Joccums, and Jacolites, being the Property of or belonging to John Page, and now in his own Occupation, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on Salt Marsh Lands, called Biggcn Common, and on Salt Ma>Jh Lands belonging to the said John Page, South on Land belonging to the said William Green, herein-before described, Ealk on Land belonging to the said John Page, and on the said Road leading from Chatham to Gillingham, and Weft on the said Lane called Spray, otherwise Stray Lane; and also all that Me Hu age. Tenement, or Farm-house, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, together with the Barns, Stable*;, Outhouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Stack Yard, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and therewith now used, containing together by Admeasurement two Acres, one Rood, and thirteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, commonly called or known by the Njme of Upberry, and ado all th fe four several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land thereunto belonging, and therewith now also used, adjoining together, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, vnntairiing together by Admeasurement thirty-eight Acres, one Rood, and twenty-three Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, commonly called or known by the several Names of The Eighteen Acres, The Sixteen Acres, The Meadoxv, and the Meadow adjoining the House; the said last mentioned Messuage or Tenement, Building, Land, and Premises, with the Appurtepances, being the Property of or belonging to the fair) P’lncipal and Scholars of the King's Hall and College of Brazen Nose in Oxford, Governor* of Queen Elizabeth Free School in the County of Lancaster, and now in the Occupation of Christopher Fullager, or his Under- tenant, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same respectively belonging or appertaining, aoutting North on Land belonging to the said John Strover and Anna his Wife, Elizabeth S'over Widow, antI Jane Arabella Weekley Widow, herein after described, and to Land belonging to John Fletcher Esquire, herein- before

V3

256

nd certain other

PirC»‘S of hand, tnd Tenements thereunto be-Jon^inp, situate in the Parth of Chatham, in the said County;

90 Geo. III. Cap. 49.

C. 80. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 178?,

before described, South and East on other Lands belonging to the said Principal ard Scholars, and Weft on the said Road leading from Chatham to Gilingham *, and also all thwt Messuage, Tenement, or Cottage, Handing and being upon, and together with the triangular Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Land, Part thereof being lately converted into and uled as Garden Ground, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, containing by Admeasurement two Acres, one Rood, and thirty-six Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or Id's, being all'o the Property of or belonging to the said Principal and Scholars as aforesaid, now in the several Occupations of the said Chrifhpher Fuilager, Didharn, and ITilliam

Bradley, or some or one of them, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on LandI belonging to the said William Green, herein-before defer ibed, and on Land htlonging to the said John FietJur, alfu i c rein-before cieferihed, South-west on Land belonging to his Majesty, and Kaft on orhtr Land bt longing to the said I! iiiun Green, herein-before also described; *nd also ail that Messuage, Tenement, or Parrn-house, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, together with the JLms, St.tbles, Ouihoufts, Puddings, Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances, thereunto belonging, and therewith now used, containing together by Admeasurement two Acres, two Roods, and eighteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or Itfs, commonly called or known by the Name of West Court; and also all those two (formerly three) Pieces or Parcels of Arabic Land thereunto bcToi ging, and therewith now also used, adjoining together, lying and bring in the said Parish of Gillingham, containing together by AJme.tlurtmei t twerry-six Acre*, two Roods, and twelve Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or Icfs, commonly called or known by the several Names of Great Bear Field\ and Little Bear Field, Part thereof being now planted with Hops, the said last mentioned Messuage or Tenement, Buildings, Land, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, being the Properties of or belonging to the said John Strover and Anna h.*s Wife, Elizabeth St rover Widow, and Jane Arabella ffeekley Widow, and now in the Occupations of the said John Bell and Thomas If bite, or their Under-tenants, and all Tenements, and Hereditaments to the same respectively belonging or appertaining, abutting North on a certain Lane called Beacon Clnfe Lane, and on Land belonging to John Fletcher Esquire, South on the said Lane called Dark Lane, East on Land belonging to the said John Fletcher, and Well on the said Road leading fresh Chatham to Gillingham \ and also all that Ficce or Parcel of Arable Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, containing by Admeasurement eleven Acres, three Roods, and twenty-six Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, commonly called or known determined by the Name of Bushel Lees, being also the Property of or belonging to the said Jrhn Strover and Anna his Wife, Elizabeth Strover Widow, and Jane Arabella IVecklcy Widow, now in the Occupation of the said John Bell and Thomas Jl bite, or their Undertenant, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutling North-cast on the said Lane called Dark Lane, South-west on the Barn Yard and Land belonging to the said Principal and Scholars before defenbed, South-tall On Land belonging to the said John Fletcher before described, and North-west on the said Road leading from Chatham to Gillingham \ and also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Failure Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Gillingham, containing by Admeasurement nine Acres and thirty-two Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, commonly called or known by the Name of Foxfield, being also the Property of or bdenging to the said John Strover and Anna his Wile, Ehz/dttb Strover Widow, and Jane Arabella IVcckley Widow, now in the Occupation of the said John Util ai d Thomas White, or their Under-tenants, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on Land belonging to John Fletcher Esquire, South on the said Lane called Beacon Close Lane, Ealt on the said Lane called Fox Lane, and Weft on the said Road leading from Chat f r Gillingham; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Meadow l.and, lying and being in the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, containing by Admeasurement one Acre, one Rood, and twuity Perches, or thereabouts, be the same moie or less, being Part of a certain Field or Piece or Parcel of Meadow Land there, commonly called or known by the Name of Bcivlcjilale, and being the Property of or belonging to Christopher Rhodes Esquire, and now in the Occupation of Leona) d Thompson, or his Under-tenant, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same small Piece or Parcel of Meadow Land belonging or appertaining, abutting North-east on Lands now or late of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, being Part of the Lands comprized in an Act of Parliament, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his prefenr Mniofty, to vefl certain Alcffiiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trvjlces, for the better fecuting his Alajrjlys Dock, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, and on Lands now or late of John Whitaker Esquire, being also Part of the Lands comprized in the said Act, Sou'.h on the RefuJue of the said Piece or Parcel of Land called BowUJ'elale, and on the said Luids now or late of the said John Whitaker Esquire, and Weft on Lands now belonging to the said Mayor and Citizens; and also all those two several Pieces or Parcels of Meadow Land, lying and being in the Lid Parish of Chatham, containing together by Admeasurement one Acre and twenty-nine Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to Jacob Bryant Esquire, and William Bryant, and now in the Occupation of Edward Hubbard, or his Under-tenant, abutting as herein after is mentioned, being heretofore in one Piece or Parcel, lepirated and divided by the present new Road leading from Star Lane to the Foot of Chatham HUT, that is to say, one of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing by Admeasurement two Roods and fifteen Perches, little inore or less, abutting Weft on the King’s Highway leading from Chatham aforesaid to Maidstone, in the Lid County, North on the Lands of James Bejl Esquire, Fall on the Lands of John W hitaker Esquire, and South on the aforesaid present new Road; and the other of tire said two Pieces or Parcels of Land lying more E;ftward, and containing by Admeasurement two Roods and fourteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the fam" nu re or less, abutting North on the aforesaid new Road, and the other Lands of the said Join W hitaker Esquire, and on the said new Road, East on a certain Lane in the Lid Parish of Chatham, adjoining to tie atoreLid new Road, and called Cherry-garden Lane, South-west on other Lands now or late of the faiu John If Litaker tkjuire, being Part of the Lands comprized in the said Act of Parliament herein* before mentioned to have been passed

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 80. 257

vessel in TrulUet.

in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and also all that ftnall Piece or Parcel of Meadow Land lying and being in the said Pafifti of Chatham, containing by Admeasurement two Roods and twenty-six Perches, or thereabouts, be the lame more or less, being the Property of or belonging to Johv Whitaker Esquire, now in the Occupation of Thomas Webb^ or his Under-tenant, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting North on the said present new Road, East on a certain Lane in the said Panlh of Chatham, adjoining to the said new Rojd, and called Cherry-gar dm Lane> and South-well on Lands belonging to Jacob Bryant Esquire, and William Bryant, and are htuate, lying, and being in the County of Kent; all which hereln-betorc mentioned Premises shall be, and are hereby veiled, and settled and declared to be in the actual Possession and Seiiin of the Right Honourable Charles Wolf ran Cornwall, Jervoise Clerk Jervoise, Robert Thijj leibuayte Esquire, the Honourable Charles Masham, and Filmer Houyivood Kiquire, their Hens and Assigns forever, in Tiuft nevertheless for such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as a e, or at the Time of making this Act were, the several and respective Owners thereof, according to their several Estates and Interests, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and Interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined, or Possession thereof taken by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or Engineers, or other Officers acting unfit r their Authority, which they are hereby impowered to do whenever it shall be found necessary for his Majesty's Service, and until the Purchase Monies for the same, together with Interest from the Time of taking Possession, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum for one Year, for the Sum that shall be aflHTfi as the true Value thereof, shall be paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Compensation and Satisfaction as shall be agreed upon, or shall be found by the Y'erdidl of a Jury, Hi all be made out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament, for and in respect of the P d Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, herein-before mentioned, or such of them as shall be taken Possession of by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or Engineers, or orher Officers ailing under their Authority, for his Majesty's Use, to all and every Person and Persons,

Bodies Politick and Corporate, Eeclcfustical and Civil.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better ascertaining the several Owners and Proprietors of the find Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and their respective Titles and Claims thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by one or more Commission or Commissions, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorize and appoint any Number of Persons to be Commissioners, to hear and determine all Titles and Claims that shall or may be made to the raid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or to any Part or Parcel thereof; which Commissioners so to be appointed. Or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, and shall and may in a summary Manner proceed, act, and determine, by and upon the Testimony of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), Inspection, and Examination of Deeds, Writings, and Records; or, if requested by the Parties interested, by the Inquest of Twelve good and lawful Men, to be impannelled and sworn in Manner herein after mentioned and directed, or by all or any of the said Ways, or otherwise, according to their Discretion, all and all Manner of Rights, Estates, and Interests, and all Controversies, Debates, and Questions, which shall happen and a rife between any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any other Matter or T hing relating to any of the Premises, or any Part thereof, and shall have Power to fend for any Person or Persons, and oblige them to produce their Deeds or Writings, upon Oath, relating to any of the same Premises; and also shall and may, by Agreement with the respective Person or Persons that shall be determined to be the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the said Inquest of the said Twelve good and lawful Men to be impannelled and sworn, esquire, proceed, act, and determine, touching and ‘Concerning the true and real Value of the said Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof; and the said CommiftTners, or any five or more of them, are hereoy required to cause all their Judgements and Decrees to be entered fairly in Books, which Judgements and Decrees shall expressly mention and specify the respective House or Houses, or other Messuages or Tenements, Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, with their several Abuttals and Boundaries, together with the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons interested respectively in the same, and the respective Sum or Sums that shall be so agreed fot or assisted by the said Jury to be paid for the Lme respectively; which Judgements and Decrees mall likewise be fairly ingrossed on Parchment, and certified to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, and to the King’s Remembrancer in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and such Judgements and Decrees, made as aforesaid, shall be final, and shall conclude all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, notwithstanding any Disabi.ity or Incapacity whatsoever, any Law, Statute, or Custom, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; Copies of which said Judgements and Decrees shall be laid Copi?i thereof forthwith before both Houses of Parliament, that full Compensation and Satisfaction may be made to the to be said before several Owners and Proprietors of the Lid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

IV. And be it further crradled, That for the better carrying the said Commission or Commissions into Execution, the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, shall and lawfully

and are hereby authorised and required to issue forth their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands

Rejfontble

Compensation to be made to the Proprietor* out of the nett Parliamentary Aids.

His Majesty impowered by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to appoint CommilConess to determine Claim* to the said Land* &c.

How they are to proceed.

Judgement* and Dr erect of Corn-mifTun-rt to be entered in Boole*, &c.

maw

both Houses of Parliament. Commissioner* to iflTje their Warrants to

and Seals, to be diiedled to the respective Sheriffs of the Counties of Southampton and AW respectively, SbcritJ* to thereby commanding them to impannel, summon, and return, before the said Commissioners, at such summonJuriec| Time and Place as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, twenty-four good and lawful Men, substantial Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said Counties of Southampton and Kent respectively, qualified to serve upon Junes at the Assizes, who, upon their Oaths (which Oaths the said Commissioners, or any who are to in five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), shall enquire into, and by their Verdict afeer- quire into the tain and assess, the true and real Value of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and V*iuetf of the respective Estates and Interests therein: and the said Sheriffs respectively are hereby required to im- &c*

L

258

Penalty on Sheriff's or their Officers making Default,

and also on Jo* rorf.

In case t fuflv* cient Jury shall sot appear upon Return of the Warrant, Commissioner* may diourn the Inquest, and issue their Warrant for summoning other Jurors in Room of Defaulters, Commissioners, after the Inquest shall te taken, may adjourn, Ac*.

Commissioners to give Notice previous to their respective Meeting*.

How they are to-

proeetd if Owners make Default in appearing,&c.

On Piyatent of the Sums affriled fey Jury, &c. Trurtres to be deemed seised of the Premises, ior the Use of kiS Majesty,

Pumps, Wells, &c. (0 be free.

No private building to be etested op00 any landslected by Ihii AO*

C. 8o<

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

pannd, summon, and return, such Jury as aforesaid, and, at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, to attend the said Commissioners with his or their Bailiffs or Officers, to prove, if necessary, upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), the summoning of the Jurors so to be impannelled and returned rcfoectively: And in case the said Sheriffs, or either of them, and his or their Bailiffs or Officers, shall neglect or refuse, being, duly served with such Warrant or Warrants fourteen Days or more before the Return thereof, to impannel, summon, and return such Jury, or shall not attend the said Commissioners with his and their Bailiffs or Officers, at the Return of such Warrants as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impose a Fine upon such Sheriffs, Bailiffs, and Officers, or either of them so making Default, not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, ' for any one Offence; and if any Person so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, shall not appear at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn for the Purposes aforesaid, or being sworn shall depart without the Licence of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, before the Verdict is given, or shall not give his Verdict, or in any other Manner neglect his Duty in the Premises, in every such Case, the said Commissioners then assembled or met, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby impowered to set a Fine upon such Person so offending, and not having lawful Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners then fitting, or the major Part of them, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds upon any one Person for any one Offence; all which Fines the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to estreat into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the Use of his Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient Jury shall not appear upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants to take the Inquest-, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time to adjourn the Inquest to any future Day, not exceeding fourteen Days nor less than four Days from the Adjournment thereof, and to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for impannelling, summoning, and returning an equal Number of Jurors to those so making Default, who, together with the Jurors before returned by the said Sheriffs respectively, upon such second Warrant or Warrants, or upon any future Warrant or Warrants, Adjournment or Adjournments, which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to make from Time to Time, until a sufficient jury can be had, shall esquire as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That twelve good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to take the Inquest aforesaid; and that tn case twelve or more shall appear upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall proceed to take the said Inquest, and after the Inquest shall be taken may adjourn to some future Day for making their Judgements and Decrees thereon.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause Notice to be given in Writing of the Days appointed for the Meeting of such Jurors as aforesaid, fourteen. Days at least before every such Meeting, which Notices shall be affixed at the Gates of the respective Docks at rortfmouth and Chatham, and on the Door of the respective Town Halls of P ortfmouth and R:cht>(crr, and shall like wife cause the same to be published in the London Gazrttt; and if any Person or Persons (hill not appear pursuant to such Norice, or shall refuse to shew his or their Deeds or Writings relating to the Premises, that then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and also the said Jury, shall proceed and determine, upon the best Information they can then procure oi obtain, to m; Ice such Inquffte, Judgements, and Decrees, as before directed; and all such Judgements and Decrees, being entered and certified as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Time that Payments shall be made of the Sum and Sums of Money so to be agreed for or afflfT d by the hid Jury, and decreed and adjudged determined by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments herein-before mentioned, or to any or either of them, the Trustees herein-before mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to stand seised of such Fait and Parcel of the said Premises as shall be so paid for, ro and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, forever, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner of Right, Title, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, that can or may be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Pumps, Wells, and Springs for Water, comprized in any Part of the Premises herein-before mentioned, shall be free and open to all Person and Persons lor such Right or interest therein as they or any of them may respectively have to make use of the same, and to tr.kc the Water therefrom; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And whereas certain Parts of the said Lands, so vested by this Act, may be wanted only for the

Purpose of restraining the Proprietors thereof from erecting any Buildings Structure, or Edifi-. e thereon,.

which from heir too great Vicinity may be prejudicial to the said Fortifications, erected or to be erected

for the Defence of the Lid Dorksbe it therefore further enabled. That no private Building, Structure, or Edifice, shall, at any Time after the passing of this A eft, be made or erected upon any of the Lands so vested by this Act as aforesaid; and that upon a Declaration being signed by the Master General or principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance, containing the Specification of such Parcels as shall be wanted only for the Purpose herein-before recited, Notice whereof shall be forthwith given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Proprietors of such several Parcels, the Jury shall forthwith thereafter assess, instead of the Value of the Lands herein-before mentioned, the Damages which in their Estimation such Proprietor or Proprietors shall or may sustain by reason of such Reftiaint, and the Pr< perty, Poffiflion, and beneficial Interest, of and in such Lands, subject to such Restriction as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be replaced in such Owners and Proprietors, of such Lands, for such Estates and Interests as they respectively,

2S9

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8i,

had therein previous to the passing this Act; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Damages so assessfed by such Jury as aforesaid shall be paid to such Owner or Proprietor of Lands out of the next Aids ito be granted in [Parliament, in the same Manner as is herein-before directed respecting the Payment to be made for the absolute Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be appropriated for the Publick Service herein-before mentioned; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the Assessment of such Damages, erect, or cause to be erected, on any Part of such Lands, any Building, Structure, or Edifice, then, and in such Case, the Matter General or principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance for the Time being, or any Person or Persons authorised by him, shall, and he and they are hereby impowered to abase or puli down the same, and level the Ground on which such Building, Structure, or Edifice, shall have been so erected.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lands to be purchased and inclosed in pursuance of this Act, which were before the passing of this Act liable to and charged with Tithes, Land Tax, Poor and other Rates, in the respective Parishes where such Lands respectively lie, shall, from the Time ofttheir being taken Poffiession of by the Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance or Engineers, or other Officers acting under their Authority for his Majesty's Use, stand and be subject and liable to and chargeable with the Payment of Tithes, Land Tax, and all other Paritti Taxes and Rates, in Proportion with other Lands and Premises, in such respective Parifces, charged and chargeable therewith 5 and that the said Lands and Premises, so to be charged and chargeable with such Tithes, Taxes, and Rates, shall, as to so much thereof as shall not be otherwise demised or occupied by any particular Person or Persons, stand and be charged to and in the Name of, and paid by the Storekeeper of his Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, at the said respective Ports or Places where such Lands respectively lie; and that such Storekeeper paying the same shall be repaid and allowed such Sum and Sums of Money as such Storekeeper shall so pay, by the Treasurer or Paymaster of his Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, on Demand thereof, who shall be allowed the same in his Accounts; and that in case such Storekeeper, so charged and chargeable therewith, shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Tithes, Taxes, or Rates, so to be made on him as aforesaid, when demanded, that then, and in every such Case, the Sum or Sums so due and claimed for such Tithes, and so to be afiefled and charged on such Storekeeper, in respect: of such Lands and Premises, shall and may be levied on such Storekeeper, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as upon any other Occupier of Lands liable to the Payment of any such Tithes, Tax, or Rate; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner, who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in the Act of the twenty-fifth of Charles the Second, Chapter two; nor the first of William and Mary, Chapter eight; nor the thirteenth and fourteenth of William the Third, Chapter fix; nor the first of George the First, Chapter thirteen.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Commissioners as his Majesty shall nominate for the Purposes in this Act, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof in any Sort be disabled or disqualrfied from fitting in the House of Commons, or their Election thereby become void; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Damages ifleflei how to be paid. Buildingsere&ed contrary to this Act to be pulle4 down.

Lands to be purchased in pursuance of this Act shall be liable to the ufoal Tithes ini Tates.

To be paid by the Store keeper of the Qrdnaacea

Commissionert not liable to certain Penalties.

Cormntfficnefi not disqualified f»om being Members of Parliament,

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces.

WHEREAS it appears, by the Reports made by the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, that the Paymasters of the Forces have heretofore been accustomed to accumulate large Sums of Publick Money in their Hands, beyond what was necessary for carrying on the Services in their Department, and to take and carry out of Office with them, upon their Resignation or Removal, large Balances of Publick Money, which they have retained and kept in their Hands many Years after being out of Office: And whereas it is highly expedient that a Remedy should be provided for t’nefe Inconveniencies be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, in all Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money for Army Services, shall pray that such Sum as he requires may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account, specifying, in every such Memorial, the Sum he requires, and for what particular Service or Services; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, by their Letter from Time to Time shall direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, naming such Paymaster General for the Time being, the Sum for which such Letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer in favour of the said Paymaster General, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Caftiiers of the said Governor and Company shall be asufficient Discharge; and all Sums lor which such Letters of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in like Manner as they have been here-

L 1 2 tofore

Preamble

From Jan. t, 1783, all Money issued at the Exchequer, for Army Setv.cci, shall be paid into the Bank, and placed to the Account of the Payirafler General.

26o

No few more than usual shall be paid at the Exchequer, &c»

From on. f, 1783, no Money /h ill be ifluei from the Exchequer to the Pay* maftet General, Payrr.aftrr to draw on the Bank for Army Services,

Tke Monies if* filed to the Bank not to be paid then out, unless for Army Servicer.

Claofe to prevent an nnnecelfary Accumulation of publick Money in the Bank,

Upon the Death or Removal of a Paymaster, the Balance of Cacti he Hull have Credit for in his Account, shall be transferred to the Account of his Successor

Paymaster to

keep an Account with the Bank, Sec,

Any Peson vho shall forge the Name of the

Paymaster, to obtain Money from the B.r.k, shall suffer Death as a Felon,

C. 81. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

tofore issued to the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces; and all such Monies so to be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, and to be intituled. The Account of the Pay-master General of his Majestys Forces; inferring the Ntme of such Paymaster General for the Time being.

II. And be it enacted, That no Fees whatsoever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury for or by reason of the Transactions aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what hath usually been paid upon Imprefts and Accounts hitherto made, according to the former Custom of transtufting Business between the Exchequer, Pay Office, and Bank severally.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Money for the Service of the Army shall be issued from his Majesty's Exchequer to the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, or shall be placed, or di-re£icd to be placed, in his Hands or PoflWfion, but the same shall be issued and directed to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to be placed to the Account above-men?ioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, by himself or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in his Office duly authorised by the said Paymaster General, from and after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall draw upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for all Army Services whatever, and shall specify in each and every Draft the particular Service for which the same is drawn; and no Draft of the said Paymaster, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, unless the same specifies the Service for which it is drawn, and has been actually paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so to be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for the Army Services, and in pursuance of Drafts or Checque Paper, to be drawn on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and signed by the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid; in which Drafts shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied; and which Drafts so drawn shall be sufficient Authority to the Bauk to pay such Money to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them.

VI. And that the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury may have a frequent Knowledge of the Balance of Calli in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, in order to enable them to judge of the Propriety and Ne- ceffity of further Issues, and to prevent the unnecessary Accumulation of publick Money in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in the first Memorial presented every Month to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, by the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, for a Supply of Money for the Army Services, such Paymaster shall insert, in the Body of such Memorial, the Sum Total of the Balance of publick Money on his Account in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ together with an Account of all the outstanding Drafts drawn upon, but not paid by, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal, of the present, and of every other Paymaster of his Majesty's Forces hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Calli for which he shall at that Time have Credit, on his Account as Paymaster General, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office, actually vest in such Successor, in Trust for the Service of the Army, and be forthw ith transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, and shall and may be applied, by such succeeding Paymaster, to pay and discharge all Charges and Demands upon his Predecessor, on Account of the Army Services, which shall at that Time remain and be unsatisfied, and shall and may be paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of the like Drafts or Cheque Paper of such succeeding Paymaster, in Manner above mentioned, and not otherwise.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued to or directed to be paid to him for the Service of the Army: And the said Paymaster General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall not actually receive; *nd the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which Hull be actually received by them for the Service of the Army.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Harfd of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time beiiuj, or of his Deputy, to any Draft, Cheque Paper, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, for or in Order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces; or shall foige or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any Draft, Cheque Paper, Instrument* or Writing inTorca of a Diafc*

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

G. 81,

261.

made by such Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, or his Deputy; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfi ed, with Intention to defraud awy Pttfon wffiusoever; every such Person and Persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty ot Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it enacted, That all Books of Account? whatsoever, kept in the Office of Paymaster General, shall be held to belong to the said Office, and shall not beat the Disposal of the Paymaftci Genenl to take and dispose of the same as his private and proper Books of Account: Provided that nothing herein shall extend to prevent any Person or Persons who hath oj have exercised the Office of Paymaster General, or his or their Executors or Administrators, by himself or themffilves, or by any Person or Persons authored by him or them, from taking Copies or Extracts ineieof, until an A< quittance in the Exchequer shall he made out for every several Paymaster, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

XL. And whereas it appear from the Reports of the Commissioners for examining, taking, and (fating the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, that the Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments, received by several of the Officers and Clerks employed in the Office of Pavm?fter General of his Majesty's Foices, have, of late Years, amounted to Sums beyond a reasonable and adequate Compensation for their respective Ser- vices / be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, all Fees, hitherto payable at the Office of the said Paymaster General, shall be deposited in the Hmds of the Cashier of the said Office, or others authoriz<*d by the Paymaster General, in order to form a Fund, from which a reasonable Augmentation to the Salaries and Appointments of the several Officers and Clerks shall be made, if it shall be found expedient *, as also tuch further Compensation as the Increase of Bufin fs in the Office, from Time to Time, shall require; and the Remainder shall be paid to the Treasurer or Vice-treasurer of Chelsea Hcfpiinl, towards a Fund for an Augmentation to the Half-pay of Officers who have been or shall be maimed or grievously wounded in his Majesty's Land Service; or as an Augmenmi n to the Pensions of Widows; or as Pensions to the Children of such Officers as have been killed in the said Land Service, as his Majesty shall direct and appoint.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Laid Augmentation to the Salaries and Appointments of Officers and Clerks in the Pay Office shall (but not more frequently than once in each Year) be regulated determined by the said Paymaster General, by and with the Concurrence of the Commissioners of the Tieaiury, and his Majesty's Approoation obtained thereon, and not otherwise.

XIII. And whereas a considerable annual Sum of Money is or may be saved from the Allowance for Clothing of certain Invalid and Independent Companies, a large Part of which Saving is or may be rendered permanent*/ be it hereby enacted, That ail Sums saved from the said Allowance, or brought in Account in consequence of any Savings to be made in the Administration of the said Hospital, (hfti be applied to the Fund above mentioned; provided that no Addition to Half-pay in consequence of Maims or Wounds, or Pensions to Widows whose Husbands have or shall have been killed in his MajestyV Service* shall exceed twenty-five Pounds a Year; nor shall the Allowance to a single Child of an Officer killed exceed twenty Pounds a Year, nor be continued longer (if a Male) than to twenty five Years of Age, or until he be provided (or in his Majesty's Service; or if more Children are left, the Share of each Child shall not exceed twelve Pounds a Year, to be continued to the Males as aforesaid, and no otherwise.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to crprive the Paymaster General of the usual Allowance for Clerks and Contin^ gcncies, or such as his Majesty dial) hereafter be pleased, from Time to Time, to direct and appoint, and to administer and apply the same according to the u ual Course of Office.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, That Copies of the Amount of the said Allowance be deprfited in the Bank of England, the Pay Office, and the Treasury, together with a List of all the Officers, Clerks, and Servants, to the Office of the said Paymaster General belonging.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of Ja~ nuary% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Fee, PeiquUice, Emolument, or Reward whatsoever (other than and except the Salaries and Allowances herein-hdore mentioned) shall be taken, in the said Office, for any Business, Matter, or Thing to be done therein; and that if any Be.Ton belonging, or who shall hereafter belong, to the said Office, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, preiume to take or accept any Fee, Perquisite, Emolument, or Reward (other than and except as aforesaid) every such Person shall forfeir his Office or Employment.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, diminish, or alter the Power of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces 10 appoint, remove, or change at his Pleasure, all or any of the Officers ano Clerks employed in h*s said Office, or with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of >h; m, signified in Writing, to increase the Number of such Clerks, in case the Circumstances of the Bufinef of the said Office should render such an Increase necessary; whkh said additional Officers an i Clerks (lull, upon their respective Appointments, become intitkd to the like Salaries as are herein before dirtied to be paid to the Officers and.Clerks in a similar Rank and Station in the said Office, and shall be subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Pains, and Penalties, to which the Officers and Clerks now existing. in the said Office are mare liable by this AdE

1 XVIII. And, for the better Prevention of the iffuingfrem the Exchequer of any more Monies than the Services of the Army do a&uaJIy require/ be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Secretary at War shaft, on or before the fifteenth Day of every Month, return into the Office of the' Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces an Account of the effective Commissioned and Non-conuniliiomd Officers and private Men of his Majesty's Regular Forces and Militia feivin&in Great Britain, according ^0 the Iaft Returns from the Adjutant Ge-

itfeUL

Vj(J

Bootes of Account in the mallet’s Office shall be hcM to belong to the same.

All Fees payable

at the 1‘aymaf-ter’s ( slice to be carried to a F und.

Application of 1h.1t Fund.

Augmentation of Salaries nnC to be more ibaa Once a Year.

Savings in the Clothing of Invalid Compa ni-r, See. hovr. to be applied.

Nut to deprire -th- Pawnufler of the usual Allowance for Clerks, &c.

Ci pies of such All ance to be devoftted in the Bank, &c. (Jm.ers raking* Fees to forfeit their Otfkc.

Not to take away the Power of the payu.aQcr of removing Officers employed in his Office* &c»

After Jsn. 1,

1783, the Secretary at War to return into the Paymaster’s Offie m.mihly, a ne Account of

O

gle

262 C. 82.

the effective Officers anti Men, Regulars and Militia serving in Great Britain.

From Jan. f, 1783, Debenture* to be made out for Pay of the Forces according to the Number borne orj the Mtfter-Xtdii.

vAnents to bring to the Paymaft-er*s Office an Account of the Mutters, &c.

on Forfeiture ;ocl.

: Freimble,

From the passing of this Act, certain Offices, herein specified, shill be fyp-.piefled#

Any similar Office hereafter established, fbatl be deemed a new Office.

Commissioneri of the Treasury to pay all Morey due on the Civil Lilt on or before July.ae, iljlz*

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 178 2.

neral into the Office of the said Secretary at War, distinguishing each Corpa severally; and the said Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required, to form, or caused to be formed monthly, an Eftinrute of the Monies which may be necessary for the recruiting of the said Regiments, Troops, and Companies severally, and to transmit the same, together with the said Account of efteftive Officers and Privates, to the Offices of the Secretary at War, and of the Paymaster General of the Land Forces.

c XIX. And whereas it has been the usual Practice, for many Years last pad, for his Majesty's War- rants to be sent to the Paymaster General of his Forces, directing him to make out Debentures complete for the full Pay of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, according to their respective £fta- bliffiments, instead of the former M-thod of fending Warrants to him to make out Debentures for the Pay of the several Regiments, Troop*, and Companies, according to the Numbers borne on their respective Mutter-rolls, which latter Method appears to be better suited to exact Account, and to the Prevention of Increase of Balances anywhere;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, Debentures shall be made out for the Pay of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, according to the Numbers borne on their Muster-rolls, and not otherwise.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Arm^ or Regimental Agents shall, and they are hereby required to bring to the Office of the said Paymaster General, within ten Days after every Mutter, an Account of the Mutter of their Regiments severally, and of the Money actually paid for Subsistence and for recruiting, distingurihing each Service, together with an Account of the Balances remaining in their Hands severally at the Time of each Mutter.

XXI. And be it enacted, That for every Failure in any of the before mentioned Particulars, the said Army Agent or Agents shall forfeit one hundred Pound?, to be recovered by any Per fun or Perfom who shall sue for the same.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues; and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List.

AS his Majesty, from his paternal Regard to the Welfare of his faithful People, from

his Desire to discharge the Debt on his Civil List, without any new Burthen to the Publick, for preventing the Growth of a like Debt for the future, as well as lor introducing a better Order and Oeco- nomy in the Civil List Establishments, and for the better Security of the Liberty and Independency of Parliament, has been pleased to order, that the Office commonly called or known by the Name of Third Secretary of State, or Secretary of State for the Colonies; the Office or Establishment commonly known by the Name and Description of The Board of Trade and Plantations; the Offices of Ix>rds of Police in Scotland; the principal Officers of the Board of Works; the principal Officers of the Great Wardrobe; the principal Officers of the Jewel Office; the Treasurer of the Chamber; the Cofferer of the Householdj the Offices of the fix Clerks of the Board of Green Cloth; the Office of Paymaster of the Penftons; the Office of Master of the Harriers and Fox Hounds; and also the Office of Mailer of the Stag Hounds, should be iijppnfted :* Wherefore, for carrying his Majesty's said gracious Order into Execution, may it please your Majesty that it may enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Office commonly called or known by the Name of Third Secretary of State, or Secretary of State for the Colonies; the Office or Establishment commonly called The Bomd of Trade and Plantations \ the Offices of the Lords and Gentlemen of Police in Scotland; the principal Officers of the Board of Wofks; the principal Officers of the great Wardrobe; the nrincipal Officers of the Jewel Office; the Treasurer of the Chamber; the Cofferer of the Household; the Offices of the fix Clerks of the Board of Green Cloth; the Office of Paymaster of the Pensions; the Offices of the Matter of the Harriers, the Matter of the Fox Hounds, and the Matter of the Stag Hounds; and all and every of the Offices aforesaid, together with certain of the Of-.fices dependent on or connected with the same, of which a List shall be entered in the Exchequer, by Certificate from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, on or before the tenth Day of (Jtloher, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two (which Lift the Did Lords Commissioners ate hereby directed to cause to be entered as aforesaid), shall be, and are hereby utterly suppressed, abolished, and taken away.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Office of the same Name, Nature, Description, or Purpose of tiiofe hereby abolished, shall be established hereafter, the same is and shall be deemed and taken as a new Office, to all Constructions, Intents, and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And, for the necessary Payment of Persons hitherto paid in any of the Offices by this Act sup- pressed, and the Execution of the Duty done or performed by the same ;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury shall be, and they are hereby authorised and required to issue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid, all such Sum or Sums of Money as are or shall he due and owing to any Person or Persons, on account of his Majesty's Civil Government, on or before tie twentieth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, in the same Manner, and by the

Perfora

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82. 263

Execute > «c/i economical Plan, porf'*?nt to i'is Vfaie.fy*0 gracious I ilcn-lions.

Persons who have last held the Offices by or under which the same have been usually issued and paid, or by such Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall appoint and direct to pay the lame.

IV. And whereas a new and oeconomical Plan is intended to be :idopted and take place, pursuant to DiVftions for his Majesty's gracious Intentions/ be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury shall carrying into be, and they are hereby authorised and required to direct such Person or Persons as they shall think raoft fit and capable, to prepare, make up, and lay before them, for their Approbation, Methods accommodated to the several Reforms and Alterations in this Act made, and to appoint or continue in Office such Officers as they shall judge most fit and proper for carrying such Plans into Execution, under the Direcp tion of the Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain, Matter of the Horse, and any other principal Officer, to whom the said Officers shall severally be subordinace; and the said Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain,

Matter of the Horse, and such other principal Officer, iLall regularly, within the Space of fifteen Days after each and every Quarter Day, make out, or cause to be made out, an Estimate of all the several Articles of Expence of his Majesty's Civil Government, within their distinct Departments; which shall, after being inspected, and approved by the said Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain, Matter of the Horse, and uch mber principal Officer, be presented to the said Commissioners of the Treasury; and which Estimate of ExpJ'nce shall not be exceeded (except as is herein-afeer excepted and specially provided for) above five thousami Pounds, in any of those Departments in anyone Year, without (Efficient Reasons, to be produced to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, for increasing the fame; and upon the Expiration of the Quarter, the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct to much of the Monies of the Civil List Revenues to be iffijed at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the said Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain,

Matter of the Horse, or such oth. r principal Officer, or to any Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose by the said Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain, Matter of the Horse, or such other principal Officer, with the Content and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the Whole of the Expence incurred in such Quarter, which shall be by him distributed to and among the several Persons who shall be intitled to receive the same.

V. And be it enacted and declared, That the Abolition of the Office of the Clerks of the Green Cloth

shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, or in any respect to derogate from the jurisdiction which may now be lawfully exercised by the Court commonly called The Court of Yir«s^ or The Green Cloth, but that the same may be held and exercised; and it is hereby enacted, That the lame shall be held and exercised, with all the accustomed lawful Jurisdiction, Powers, and Privileges belonging to the same, ^J^drs prc< without any of the Clerks of the Green Cloth, whole Office is by, this Act taken away; any Statute, Law, er?c or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all his Majesty's Buildings which have been hitherto under the Management of the Board of Works, shall be under the Direction of some one Person, who shall be constituted and appointed by his Majesty, during his Royal Pleasure, Surveyor or Comptroller of his Majesty's Works (the said Surveyor or Comptroller being bond fide by ProfeHion an Archi-tedt or Builder), with such Officers and Clerks under him as his Majesty shall from Time to Time diretft and appoint.

VII. And be it enacted, That all the Royal Gardens shall be under the Direction of a Person who shall be appointed by his Majesty, during his Majesty's Pleasure, Surveyor or Comptroller of the King’s Gar- ^be^und-r dens, with such Gardeners and others under him, as his Majesty shall authorize and appoint (the said ,be*Di°rection of Surveyor of Gardens, in like Manner, being determined by Profettion a Gardener, or Improver of Grounds): And a Su-veyor or the said Surveyors or Comptrollers of his Majesty's Works or Gardens, or either of them, during the hold- Comptroller, to ing of the said Offices, shall be, and they ate hereby declared to be incapable of being elected into, or of J>e appointed by fitting and voting in Parliament. hn u.jeB,.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Rule and Method shall hereafter be observed, with regard to all Works which might heretofore have been done by the Boatd of Works* for his Majesty's Service; (that is to say), That if his Majesty shall order any new Building,

Work, or Repair, the Expence of which shall exceed the Sum of one th ,;ufand Pounds, the Pian (if in such Works a Plan shall be usual), and an Estimate of the Expence of the same, shall be laid before the Lord Chamberlain; and if the said Estimate shall appear reasonable, Reference being had to the Works ordered as aforesaid by his Majesty, the same shall be by him certified to the Commissioners of the Treasury; and if the said Commidinners approve of the said Estimate, they may and shall (if his Majesty, by Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, shall so aired) authorize the said Surveyor or Architect to execute the fame; and if the Estimate of the said Work shall be likely to exceed the Sum of five thousand Pounds in the Whole, the said Commissioners of the Treasury may and shall direct the said Surveyor to contrail for the Execution of the said Work; and, so often as it shall appear expedient to the said Surveyor or Comptroller of Buildings, or that he shall receive Orders from the Lord Chamberlain for that Purpose, he may and shall report upon and controul the Execution of the said Work in all its Parts, and at all Times during the Progress thereof: Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the said Surveyor, Architect, or Builder, to make any Contract as aforesaid conclusively, until the same shall be approved by the Commissioners of the Treasury, nor to make any Addition to the Expence exceeding one thousand Pounds above the Plan or Estimate, until the same shall be approved by the said Commissioners of the Treasury.

IX. And be it ena&<d, That if, on Complaint made to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or if otherwise they shall see Cause, it shall and may be lawful, before any Payment upon Account of any Works as aforesaid be made, for the Commissioners of the Treasury to order the said Work to be surveyed by a Builder of Credit not concerned in any of the Publick Works; who shall be called in, and allowed one Pound per Day for his Trouble, and shall certify to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to admitufter), that the Work hath

The Court tf Virce, *;th its liwful Jurisdiction ano

His Majesty's Buildings to be under the Direction of a Surveyor or Con- p-troller, to be appointed by b* Majesty.

Directions relative to the Execution of new Buildings or Re-fairs.

Commissioners of *The Treasury, before Payment for >ry such Wo/fcj, mtj order the f-me to be surveyed.

264 C. 82. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

been executed, as far as the same hath proceeded, in a workmanlike and durable Manner, and with good and durable Materials: And in case the said Commissioners of the Treasury (hill not be satisfied with the Expence or Goodness of the Work*, they shall, and are hereby authorised to nuke such Delay or Abatement as, on Inch their Enquiry, shall appear just and expedient; any Thing in mis Act contained or any Law or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it eiucded by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Work?, the Expence whereof (h ill be 1 0001. Vouch. unc^r one thousand Pound, the Lid Surveyor Hull, previous to his receiving any Payment, proJuce trs to be yru> Vouchers of his Expences actually made, together with the Grounds and Rcifons for his owing incurred duced to the the said Expences, to the said Lord Chamberlain, who (if he (hill approve the fame) Hull certr’y the Lord Chamber* Whole of the Charge to the Treasury from Time to Time for Payment.

lam. xi. And be it enacted, That the said Lord Chamberlain Hull keep an Account of all Clerks and Work-nwRoaUV n?en constantly or ordinarily employed in the Royal Palaces, and shall, once in every Month, certify to laces, to be paid the Treasury their Numbers and Wages, in order that a Monthly Payment may be made to thtm. monthly.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no new Works in his Majesty's Parks or Gar-

No or* Work* dens, the Expence of which may exceed in the Whole five hundred Pounds above the ordinary Charge inhis Majesty's (an Account of which ordinary Charge is hereby directed to be laid quarterly before the Commi dimers of a)imitfdCSumVC Treasury), shall be undertaken or performed without an Order under his Majesty's Sign Manual, and

to be undertaken without an Estimate approved and ordered to be executed by the said Commissioners of the Treteury, without an Or- who Mue, or cause to be issued, the Money for the Execution of the same, as well as for the Lid rfcrf.om his ordinary Charge: which is hereby directed to be paid once a Month to the Surveyor of his Majesty's Majesty. Gardens.

Furniture, Plate,

XIII. And be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Furniture, Tidhrps, PLve, and all the*Mans-tm" °ther Moveables whatsoever, formerly under the Care and Management of the Office of Gnat Wardrobe, oAhe^nrd"1111 or other Wardrobe or Jewel Office, or any of them, ftull be hereafter committed to the Care and Ma-ChamberUm. nagjment of the Lord Cnamberbin.

Work former!

XIV. And it is hereby enacted and provided, That whenever his Majesty shall be pie a fed to order, for under the Dirco the Use of any of his Majesty's Palace*, or for any other House, any of such Furnitire or Goods as were iton of the Grejt formerly under the Direction of the Office of Great Wardrobe, or any such other Woik to be done as Wardrobe, bow formerly was done by or under the Direction of the said Wardrobe, the same shall be done and executed to be executed. (fio far as regards the previous Estimate and subsequent C<»ntroul and Account) in the Manner by this Ack directed for Works undertaken by the Surveyor of the Puddings.

The Bvfmefs

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty and Business done, or which might

tTThe^Bo rd of be don^, by the late Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, and all Authorities, Powers, and

TradfC toUcxe- JurisdicSUcms, given to the said Commissioners, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament, may and shall be held cuted by a Com-- and exercised under the former Directions and Trulte by any Committee or Committees of his Majesty's miitcc of the Privy Council, which his Majesty ftnll be pleased to direct and appoint, during his Royal Pleasure, with-Pnv) Coumil* out any Salary, Fee, or Pension, to the Members thereof, f r hoiJing and exercising the same.

Publick Money

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of publick Mony, that tinder the Ma- mow are in the Disposition or under the Management of the Lords of Trade and Police in Scotland, be, napcnrc.it of the an(] the same are hereby directed co be under the IVLnagcment and in the DispoLl of the Convention of «n°dPoiicJin C R°yal Burghs in Scotland, with the same Powers, and under the same Limitations and Trusts, by which SroiJand, to Hie fame now are or may be dispofvd and managed, be under the Management of the Convention of Royal Huighs.

'Tcffulaticm re-lanve tvigranting t>f Pc of; jus,

Not to extend to Persons who have Served the Crown in Foreign Courts,

All Pensions on the Civil List to be paid at >bc Exchequer,

XVII. And, for the better Regulation of the granting of Pensions, and the Prevention of Abuse or Excess therein,’ be it enacted, That, from and after the firm Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Pension exceeding the Sum of three hundred Pounds a Year, shall be granted to or for the Use of any one Person; and that the whi.de Amount of the Pcnfums granted in sny one Year, shall not exceed fix bundled Pounds; a List of which, together with the Nam*s of the Persons to whom the same are granted, shull be laid before Parliament in tw n y Days after the Beginning of each Section, until the whole renlion Lift shall be reduced to ninety thousand Pounds; which Sum it shall not be lawful to exceed by -more than five thousand Pounds in the Whole of all the Grants: Nor shall any Penfim, to be granted after the said Reduction, to or for the Use of any one Person, exceed the Sum of one thousand two hundred Pounds yearly, except to his Majesty's Royal Family, or on an Address of either House of Parliament.

XVIII. And whereas it hath been usual that Persons who have served the Crown in foreign Courts have, after the Expiration of their Service, at his Majesty's Pleasure, received such Proportion of their former Appointments as to his i\Lj* fty hath seemrd expedient be it enacted, That nothing io this Act contained relative to Penfi >ns, (h.ijl be construtd to extend to such Allowance, either in proem or m future; provided the Lid Persons d. n't sevenliv ' njoy some Place or other Profit from the Crvvn> to the Amount of the Pension usually allowed in such cases; provided that the Lift of the Lid Pennons shall be laid, in the Manner before mentioned, before Parliament.

XIX. And whereas ttuk b Comufion and Expence d;d arise from having Pension? paid at va-ious Places, and by various Persons; an 1 a Custom hath prevailed of granting Ptnfi rs on a p.ivate Lift Majesty's Pleasure, up n .1 i^pt fi ion that in some Cases it may not be expedient for the Publick (r od ‘-to divulge the Names of the P< rons in the LiJ ] :ft\ cr that it may be difrg’et able to the Persons receiv- ing such Payments to have >t known that their D.ftrcftes ate so relieved, or for saying the Expense or Fees and Taxes o.i fir.all Penfi m*; by Means of which said Usage, feert-t and dangerous Cor Pup non may hereafter be p ncte'ei: And whereas it is no Disparagement for any Persons to be relieved by the ‘ Royal Bounty in their Distress, or for their Desert, but, on the contrary, it is honouiabte* on juit Cause, to be tkoeght worthy of Reward Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1 no

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82.

Pension whatsoever, on the Civil Establishment, shall hereafter he paid but at the Exchequer, and in the same Manner as those Pensions which are now paid and entered at the Exchequer, under the Head, Title, and Description of Pension^ and with the Name of the Person to whom, or in Trust for whom, the said Pension is granted; and that those which are transferred thither by this Act shall be subject to no Taxes or Fees whatsoever, except the Taxes and Fees to which before this Act they were subject; any Statute, Law, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: Nor shall any Pension hereafter to be granted be charged at the Exchequer with further or other Fees than were heretofore paid on Pensions to the Paymaster of the Pensions.

XX. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall restrain, or be construed to retrain, the High Treasurer, or first Commissioner of the Treasury, for the Time being, by his Majesty's Consens, from taking away, or causing to be taken away, from the private List or Lists of Pensions, the Names and Pensions of any Person or Persons which at present are entered on the said private List or Lists, or any of them.

XXI. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for the High Treasurer, or first Commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being, to return into the Exchequer any Pension or Annuity, without the Name of the Person to whom the same is payable, on taking an Oath before the Barons of the Exchequer, or one Baron of the Exchequer, or before the Cursitor Baron, in the Form following:

the Name of the Pensioner, on taking the

265

Provij#,

High Treasurer, See. may return into the Exchequer any Pension, without following Oath

€ T jf, B- do swear, That, according to the best of my Knowledge, Belief, and Information, the Pension

* or Pensions, or Annuity or Annuities, returned without a Name by me into the Exchequer, is or are < not, directly or indirectly, for the Benefit, Use, or Behoof, of any Member of the House of Commons,

or, so far as I am concerned, applicable, directly or indirectly, to the Purpose of supporting or procuring

an Interest in any Place returning Members to Parliament.

'So help me GOD.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, That on taking the said Oath, the Pension or Pensions, Annuity or which Pension,

Annuities aforesaid, shall be paid at tbfc Exchequer to the Order of the High Treasurer, or first Commissioner of the Treasury, for the Time being, and his Receipt shall be accepted and taken as an Acquittance lohls 0tder* for the same.

XXIII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That if any such secret Pension shall continue in the said Oath eo be taken

Lift for more than five Years, the High Treasurer, or first Commissioner of the Treasury, or one of the phc2 *n^r<?.Ciret Secretaries, or one of the Chief Clerks of the Treasury, for the Time being, shall make Oath, before f0eBntin"e in the such Pension shall be paid at the Exchequer, that he does believe that the Person for whose Use the said Lift more this Pension or Annuity hath been granted is living. five Year*.

XXIV. And, for preventing as much as may be, all Abuses in the Disposal of Monies issued under the Payment of

Head of Secret Service Money, or Money for special Service be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Secret Sendee

That it shall not be lawful to issue or imprest from the Exchequer, or order to be paid by a Treasury War-

rant, or under Sign Manual, or otherwise, to any Secretary or Secretaries of the Treasury, or to any n c other Person or Persons whatsoever, from the Civil List Revenues, for the Purpose of Secret Service within this Kingdom, any Sum or Sums of Money which in the Whole shall exceed the Sum of ten thousand Pounds in any one Year.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when it shall be deemed expedient by the CUufe relative Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer, for the Time being, to issue, or in any Foreign Secret

Manner to direct the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money from the Civil List Revenues, for foreign cr?lce Secret Service, the same shall be issued and paid to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or to the first Commissioner of the Admiralty; and the said Secretary or Secretaries of State, or first Commissioner of the Admiralty, shall, for his Discharge at the Exchequer, within three Years from the issuing the said Money, produce the Receipt of his Majesty's Minister, Commissioner, or Consul, in Foreign Parts, or of any Commander in Chief or other Commander of his Majesty's Navy or Land Forces, to whom the said Money shall have been sent or given, that the same hath been received for the Purpose for which the same hath been issued; which said Receipt shall, and is hereby directed to be filed in the Exchequer, in order to charge the said Minister, Commissioner, Consul, or Commander of his Majesty's Land or Sta Forces, with the fame; and the said Receipt, on Proof of the Hand Writing, shall be sufficient to acquit and discharge the said Secretary or Secretaries, or first Commissioner of the Admiralty, in their said Account at the Exchequer.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That any Foreign Minister, Consul, or Commander of his Majesty's Land Foreign Mini-Sea Forces, who shall stand charged at the Exchequer for or by Reason of any Secret Service Money by ftcT8» &c*ro

him received, shall stand discharged and acquitted thereof, if, within one Year after his Arrival in Great ^on! ^withina Britain, he shall either return the said Money into the Exchequer, or make Oath before the Barons of the after their. Exchequer, or one of them, in the Form following: Arrival in Great Britain.

I A.B. do swear. That I have disbursed the Money, intrusted to me for Foreign Secret Service, faith-4 A fully, according to the Intent and Purpose for which it was given, according to my best Judgement,

for his Majesty's Service.

'So help me GOD.

XXVII. Provided always, That whenever it shall be necessary for the Principal Secretary or Secretaries sute^&c! wak. of State, or First Commissioner of the Admiralty, to make Payment of any Money issued for Foreign Se- ing Payment ot cret Service, or for Secret Service in detecting, preventing, or defeating, treasonable or other dangerous any Secret Set. Conspiracies against the State in any Place within this Kingdom, then it shall be sufficient to acquit and Jicf, e y’1 discharge the said Secretary or Secretaries, or first Commissioner of the Admiralty, for such Secretary or rj*" the Disposal

266 C. 82.

The Oatfc*

Wo ft»ted Sum to be allowed for Secret Service Money*

Sums ifloed for any special Service, &c. to be etitered in ». Book,

Crantf of Royal Bounty, when to be reputed-Pensioni,

The Payments

of the Civil List Revt 0ues to be

divided into tc» gulu Classes,

Ko Pension, ftc, 10 be paid out of C auric,

S Janes, Arc. in

/. near lt/r 1^0 Yeaj& :o be ex-

Uug ji/ucii.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Secretaries, or the Under Secretary of State in the Office to which such Secret Service Money hath been paid, or for the first Commissioner of the Admiralty, or the Secretary of the Admiralty, to make Oath, before the Barons of the Exchequer, or one of them, or before the Cursitor Baron, in the Form following:

I A.B. do swear. That the Money paid to me for Foreign Secret Service, or for Secret Service in de-4 A testing, preventing, or defeating, treasonable, or other dangerous Conspiracies against the State [mu- iatis mutandis, as the Case may £<?,] has been bona fide applied to the said Purpose or Purposes, and to no

other i and that it hath not appeared to me convenient to the State that the same should be paid Abroad.

'So help me GOD.’

r XXVIII. And, to avoid all Confusion in Accounts relative to the said Secret Service* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the certain stated Sums of Money now paid to his Majesty's Principal Se-cretaties of State, under the Name of Secret Service Money, but which are commonly reputed and employed as Part of the Salary of the said Office, be no longer entered or paid under that Description or for that Account; but the same, for so long as his Majesty shall please to continue the Whole or any Part thereof, shall be given under (he Name of Salary, Fee, or Allowance: And that hereafter no certain or flated Sum be given or allowed for the said Secret Service out ol his Majesty's Civil List Revenues; but, when any Monies for Secret Service shall be deemed necessary by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, the lame shall be issued, by their Direction, to the Officer or Office;if aforesaid, as the Occasion shall require, according as is herein-before diiecled and provided.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any Sum or Sums of Money shall be issued for the Purpose of any special Service, or shall be given without Provision of annual or other Hated Payment, but in ft gross Sum or Sums, as to any Secretary or Secretaries of the Treasury, or others, to be paid over to or for the Use of any Person or Persons for Special Service, or as of Royal Bounty, the said Sum or Sums of Money, together with the special Service or Services, or as Royal Bounty, to which the same is or are applied, as also the N<»me of the Person or Persons to whom the said Money for Service or of Bounty as aforesaid is paid, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in the Treasury, in order to be produced to either House of Parliament, if required.

XXX. And, for the better Prevention of all Pra<3ice by which such Grants as of Bounty may be made a Colour under which Pensions may be substantially granted, contrary to the true Intent and 4' Meaning of this Act,* it is hereby enacted, That any Sum or Sums of Money so given as of Royal Bounty, to any Person more than once in three Years, the same is and dull be reputed a Pension or Pensions to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXI. And whereas the Establishment of an invariable Order in the Payment of Salaries and other 1 Charges on the Civil List, will enable those who have the Charge thereof the better to provide for the several Services to which the said Civil List Revenues ought to be applied, and will be the Means to prevent the incurring of Debt for the future, and the following Order seems just and equitable for that Purpose; that is to say; First, The Pensions and Allowanc-s of the Royal Family; Secondly, The Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissionerst of the Great Seal, the Speaker of the House of Commons, and Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Plea9, and Barons of the Exchequer, the Chief Justice of Chester, and the Justices of the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of lVaUs\ Thirdly, T he Salaries of the Ministers to Foreign Courts, being resident at the said Courts; Fourthly, The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Laboureis, for any Articles supplied, or Work done, for his Majesty's Service; Fifthly, Theme- nial Servants in his Majesty's Household; Sixthly, The Pension Lift, beginning with the fmaJJert Pen- fions; Seventhly, The Salaries of all other Places payable out of the Civil List Revenues, beginning with the lowest; E'ghthly, The Salaries and Pensions of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the 4 Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Comrr.ifiiuners of the Treasury shall, on or before the fi;th D.iy of. jpvil, one thousand seven hundred and eighty three, draw out a Plan of the Establishments and Payments of the said Civil List Revenues in Oafles, according to the Order herein mentioned, arranging by Estimate the Exprnce of each CJafs, and of each individual Office in each Class; and that such Plan shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and dtp fired with the Clerk of the House of Commons, on or before the said fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and thar, from and after the said fifth Day of April, all Sums of Money which shall become due and payable out of the said Civil List Revenues, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be paid in the Order and according to the Plan herein mentioned.

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted, That it Hull not be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to disguised the Payment of any Salary or Pension whatsoever, to be made under Sign Manual or otherwise, urn* til the Bills, Salaries, and Pensions of all those who are entitled, according to the foregoing Order, are first discharged, or Cash set apart in the Exchequer sufficient to answer the whole Demand in the preceding Chiles: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Commissioners of the Treasury from orde/ing all occasional Payments, for which Warrants are usually granted at the Treasury, and which are not comprc bended in the Classes and Descriptions aforesaid, to bft made according to their. Diferction, and as the Circumstances of the Case may in their Judgement require.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of April\ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, if any Salary, Fee, or Pension, or any Part thereof, shall remain in Arrear at the usual Time of Payment, at the End of a Period of two Years, from Want of Cash belonging to the Civil List Revenue to pay and discharge the same, the said Arrear of Salary, Fee, or

Pension,

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82. 267

Bension, shall not be carried as a Debt to the Account of the Year following, but shall be wholly lapsed and extinguished, as if the same had not been payable.

XXXIV. And whereas it is intended that all Savings from Salaries and Fees of the Offices by this Act ‘ suppressed, should be applied in Aid of the Civil Lilt Expences, which are necessuy, and which, by the Appropriation hereafter made, aie in some Measure (heightened, be it enacted, That all Fees hitherto payable, and by this Act not excepted, on any Payments within the Civil List Revenues, do (till continue to be paid, and remain for the Disposal of the Commissioners of the Treasury.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treaftry shall causea regular Book or Rooks to be kept, for the Charges of each of the Clafils and Articles aforesaid, distmftly and apart; and it is hereby diiefted, that the Result of Payment in the said several Books contained shall, in an orderly Man-and according to the usual Method in which fair Accounts are kept, be entered in a separate Book at

Fees payable to be dispossd of by the Commissioners of the Treasury.

Book* to be kept frr the Chir.»r, of each Clafa.

ner.

Powers granted by thi« A<£> to the ComTmflionrr* of the Treasury, shall be vrfled in the High Trea-fu»er for the Time being.

Recital of the Civ I Lift Debt on April 5, 1782.

the End of each Year and the same being opposed to the Receipt of the Civil List Calb, a Balance shall be struck upon the Whole.

XXXVI. And whereas, upon abolishing the several Offices suppressed by this Act1, sundry Persons, prov;flon to be c who may have held their Offices by Patent for Life, or may have legally, or according to the Course of made for p*rioo# 4 Office, purchased the same for a valuable Consideration, and may fuller Hardship by the Suppression holding Patent

thereof: And whereas others, though not within the same Dcfoription, who have diligently and faith- Places, &c.

fully executed their several subordinate Offices for his Majesty's Service, and by such Suppression will be

reduced to distreisful or indigent Circumstances;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the T. cafury may, and they are hereby impowered, to allow to every Person severally who holds his Office by Patent for Life, or who has purchased his Place in the Manner before mentioned, an Annuity equal to the legal Emoluments of his said Office; and also to allow to other Persons in the subordinate Offices aforesaid, upon Examination info the Circumstances and Behaviour of the said Person?, such Annuities severally as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall think equitable and just, for the Support and Maintenance of such Person or Persons, until he or they shall be provided for in his Majesty's Service, according to his or their Abilities and Merit.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever is directed by this Act to be done or transacted by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, may be, and the same is hereby required and directed to be done and transacted-»by the High Treasurer for the Time being, or by such Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them; and all Powers and Authorities whatsoever, by this Act granted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, are hereby also declared to be vested in the High Treasurer for the Time being, and in such Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them.

XXXVIII. And whereas there was due and owing on the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Expence of his Majesty's Civil Government, the Sum of two hundred ninety five thousand eight hundred and seventeen Pounds, eighteen Shillings, and Four-pence Farthing: And whereas it is expedient, and may facilitate the Introduction of a proper Oeconomy in the future Management of the Civil List Revenues, that the said Sum of two hundred nirety-five thousand eight hundred and seventeen Pounds, eighteen Shillings, and Four-pence Far- thing, should be paid and discharged with all possible Speed, and that the Increase of Debts on his Majesty's Civil Establishment should be prevented for the future: And whereas it hath been resolved, That a Sum not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds be raised for paying off and discharging the Debts due and owing upon the Civil List on the said fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- two: Now, to the End that no Want or Failure may happen or be made in such Grant, and the Application of the same, and for the better supplying the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds in the most effectual Manner for the Purposes aforesaid ;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, by their Warrant or Warrants, to direct or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer any Number of Exchequer Bills, in the same Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the same or like Rules or Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two)^ are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of the said Act, and to be made forth for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think moil proper and convenient, so as all the Principal Monies to be contained in the said Bills, to be made by virtue of this Act, do not exceed in the Whole the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nil and every the Clauses, Provides, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said Act (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two)9 relating to the Exchequer Bills authorised to T w f bijt be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Session extended Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent to those on the Credit of the said Act), shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pur- pursuance of«b»* fuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had Act. been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act; and the Commissioners of the Treasury are hereby authorised and impowered to cause the said Exchequer Bills, to be made out as aforesaid, to be placed as so much Cash in the Chests of the respective Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, and to direct the said Tellers to issue Money for the Purposes of this Act in lieu thereof.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all-the Exchequer Bills which shall be made in The Aid Bills pursuance of this Act, and all the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the same, in any Manner to be charged o«

Exchequer Bill*

to be made out for Payment thereof.

All the Provisoes, Sec. relative to Exchequer B :I!' in tnc Land

G<55g

268 C. 83. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

whatsoever, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the hereditary and temporary Revenues, and any other the Duties and Revenues which do or shall compose the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund> or any of them (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, except the Payments directed thereout by the Ac3s of the first and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign), but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said Fund.

»4, Ucd oar

XLI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be regularly set apart and applied, telly, out of the a* the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the said Duties and Revenues composing the said Fund commonly Aggregate Fund, called The Aggregate Fundy the Sum of twelve thousand five hundred Pounds on each and every quarterly towards paying Day of Payment in the Year; (that is to say,) The Sum of twelve thousand five hundred Pounds on the ©fi the said Billi. tenth Day of October; twelve thousand five hundred Pounds on the fifth Day of January; twelve thousand five hundred Pounds on the fifth Day of April; and twelve thousand five hundred Pounds on the fifth Day of July (the first quarterly Payment to be applied and made on the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two); for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging the said Exchequer Bills,' until the whole Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised in Manner aforesaid, with the Charges attending the same, shall be completely paid off, cancelled, and discharged: And the said Sum of twelve thousand nye hundred Pounds, so to be set apart, issued, and paid each Quarter for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be deemed, taken, and understood to be in Diminution of the respective Annuities of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and of one hundred thousand Pounds, granted to his Majesty out of the said Duties and Revenues, by the said Acts of the first and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; but in case of the Demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve !) before the Whole of the said Exchequer Bills, amounting to three hundred thousand Pounds, be cancelled and discharged, then* such of the said Bills as shall remain uncancelled shall, from the Quarter Day next preceding such Demise, be charged and chargeable upon, and be paid and payable out of, the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown,

---

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS notwithstanding the many Laws now in being for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and the great Sums of Money raised for those Purposes, their Sufferings and Distresses are nevertheless every grievous; and, by the Incapacity, Negligence, or Misconduct of Overseers, the Money raised for the Relief of the Poor is frequently misapplied, and sometimes expended in defraying the Charges of Litigations about Settlements indiscreetly and unadvisedly carried on: And whereas, by a Clause in an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First,

[Recital of 9 Geo. 1, Cap. 7.

intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor, Power is given to the Churchwardens and Overseers, in the Manner therein mentioned, to purchase or hire Houses, and contract with any Person for the Lodging, Keeping, Maintaining, and Employing the Poor, and taking the Benefit of their Work, Labour, and Service, for their Maintenance; and, where any Parish, Town, or Township, should be found too small, to unite two or more for those Purposes, with the Consent of the major Part of the Parishioners or Inhabitants, and the Approbation of a Justice of Peace; which Provisions, from the Want of proper Regulations and Management in the Poor Houses or Workhouses that have been purchased or hired under the Authority of the said Act, and for Want of due Inspection and Controul over the Persons who have engaged in those Contracts, have not had the desired Effect, but the Poor, in many Places, instead of finding Protection and Relief, have been much oppressed thereby:' For Remedy of these Grievances and Inconveniences, and in order to make better and more effectual Provision for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and to introduce a prudent Oeconomy in the Expenditure of the Parish Money; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Part thereof repealed.]

That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, so much of the said Clause as respects the maintaining or hiring out the Labour of the Poor by Contract, within any Parish, Township, or Place, which shall adopt the Provisions of this Act, shall be, and is hereby repealed, and every Contract or Agreement made in pursuance thereof, for either of those Purposes, shall become, and is hereby declared to be, null and void.

[Visitors and Guardians may make Agreements for the Diet and Clothing, &c. of Persons sent to the Poor Houses.]

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Visitor and Guardian, or Visitors and Guardians, appointed as hereafter mentioned, of any Parish, Township, or Place, or Parishes, Townships, and Places, which shall have adopted the Provisions, and complied with the Requisites of this Act, and shall have a Visitor appointed, from Time to Time to make Agreements with any Person or Persons for the Diet or Cloathing of such poor Persons who shall be sent to the House or Houses to be provided under the Authority of this Act, and for the Work and Labour of such poor Persons, so that no such Agreement shall be made for any longer Time than twelve Months, and so that the same shall be, and every such Agreement is hereby declared to be, under the strictest Inspection and Controul of the Visitor, Guardian, and Governor of such Poor House, and also of the Justices of the Peace for the Limit where such Poor House shall be; two of which Justices, upon Proof of any Abuse, shall have Power to dissolve such Contract.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 83. 269

[Conditions on which Parishes shall be intitled to the Benefits of this Act.]

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever two third Parts, in Number and Value, according to the Poor Rate, of the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within any Parish, Township, or Place, qualified as hereafter mentioned, shall, at any Time after the passing this Act, at a publick Meeting to be holden pursuant to the Directions of this Act, signify their Approbation of the Provisions herein contained, and their Desire to adopt them, in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N° I, and shall at such Meeting nominate and recommend to the Consideration of the Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, District, City, Town, or Place, where such Meeting shall be holden, three able and discreet Persons qualified for Guardians of the Poor for such Parish, Township, or Place, and three other fit and proper Persons qualified to be Governors of the Poor House for such Parish, Township, or Place, and fix the Salaries to be paid to such Guardian and Governor respectively, and shall procure the Consent and Approbation of two Justices of the Peace acting for that Limit, to such Agreement and Salaries, by Writing under their Hands, in the Forms contained in the Schedule, N° II, and shall cause such Agreement the be registered pursuant to the Direction of this Act; every such Parish, Township, or Place, shall from that Time be entitled to all the Benefits, Privileges, Powers, Authorities, and Advantages, which can arise or be derived from this Act.

[Two or more Parishes may unite, with the Approbabtion of two Justices, for the Purposes of this Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That where two third Parts, in Number and Value as aforesaid, of the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within two or more Parishes, Townships, or Places, so qualified as aforesaid, shall think fit, with such Approbation as aforesaid, signified in like Manner under the Hands of two Justices of the Peace, and subscribed at the Foot of the said Agreement, in the Form expressed in the said Schedule, N° II, at the End of the Form of the said Agreement, to unite for the Purposes of this Act, and shall signify their Inclination and Desire so to do at a publick Meeting holden in each of such Parishes, Townships, and Places, in the Manner herein-before directed concerning a single Parish, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N° III, an Agreement shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such publick Meetings shall have been holden, be enacted into by the Guardians of the Poor of every such Parish, Township, and Place respectively, or the major Part of them, in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the said Schedule, N° IV, which Agreement shall be binding upon the several Parties; and every such Agreement shall specify the Place where such House or Houses shall be situate, and the Terms upon which such Agreement is made, and shall be entered with the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk of the County, City, Town, or District, in which such Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall be situate, and a Copy thereof lest with him within three Calendar Months after the Time of making such Agreement, in the Form or to the Effect mentioned in the said Schedule, N° V, for which Entry every such Clerk shall receive one Shilling, and no more; and from that Time every such Parish, Township, and Place, so agreed to be united, shall be entitled to all the Benefits, Privileges, Powers, Authorities, and Advantages, which can arise or be derived from this Act.

[Parishes more than ten Miles distant from the Poor House excluded.]

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place, which shall be situate more than ten Miles from any Poor House or Workhouse to be provided under the Authority of this Act, shall be permitted to be united, for the Purposes aforesaid, with the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Places, which shall establish such Poor House or Workhouse.

[Notice for Meetings to be given in the Church, &c.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Notice for every publick Meeting directed by this Act, shall be given in the Church or Chapel of every such Parish, Township, or Place, on three successive Sundays before the Time of such Meeting, immediately after Divine Service, or on such of the said Sundays as Service shall be performed there, and also fixed in Writing on such Church or Chapel Door, or if no Church or Chapel, at some publick Place within any such Parish, Township, or Place, where Notices of Parish Business have been usually given, fifteen Days at least before the Day to be appointed for such Meeting, in the Form or to the Effect mentioned in the said Schedule, N° VI;

[Qualification of Voters.]

and that no Person shall vote at any publick Meeting to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, unless he or she shall be the Owner or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be assessed to the Poor's Rates, within such Parish, Township, or Place, after the Rate of five Pounds per Annum, at the least; nor shall any such Person vote as Occupier, unless he or she shall be assessed or pay to such Poor's Rates: Provided always, That in all Parishes, Townships, or Places, wherein there shall not be ten Persons possessed of the Qualification aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for every Person who shall be assessed, or shall pay to such Poor's Rates, to vote at every such Meeting.

[Justices to appoint a Guardian for each Parish, &c.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for two Justices of the Peace of the Limit where such Poor House shall be, or be so agreed to be situated, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after such Agreement shall have been made as aforesaid, upon Application to them by two or more of the Persons who shall have signed such Agreement, and upon producing the same to them, to appoint one of the Persons so recommended to be Guardian of the Poor for each of such Parishes, Townships, and Places, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N°. VII, or to that or the like Effect;

[Duty and Powers of the Guardian.]

and every such Guardian shall attend the Monthly Meetings hereby directed to be holden, and execute the several Powers and Authorities given to Guardians by this Act, and shall have, and is hereby invested with, all the Powers and Authorities given to Overseers of the Poor by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and shall to all Intents and Purposes, except with regard to the making and collecting of Rates, be an Overseer of the Poor for the Parish or Township for which he shall be so appointed Guardian, and shall be liable to such Forfeitures and Penalties for Neglect of Duty as Overseers of the Poor are mad liable to by this or any other Act of Parliament; and all Notices or Applications directed by this or any other Act of Parliament to be given or made to the Overseers of the Poor, with respect to the Care and Management or Removal of the Poor, shall be given and made to the Guardian of the Poor, where any such Guardian shall be appointed under the Authority of this Act; but in case any Orders of Removal or Notices shall happen, by Mistake, to be given or sent to the Churchwarden or Overseer, the same shall be as valid and effectual as if given to the Guardian; and such Churchwarden or Overseer shall, and is hereby required

270 C. 83. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

forthwith to deliver the same to the Guardian, or shall forfeit forty Shillings for his Neglect: And in all Cases where such Guardian of the Poor shall be appointed as aforesaid, neither the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor shall interfere or intermeddle in the Care and Management of the Poor, but shall continue to have and be invested with the same Powers of making and collecting Poor's Rates as they have at present, and shall be subject to the like Penalties for Neglect or Misbehaviour in making and collecting such Rates as they were at the Time of passing this Act.

[Churchwarden or Overseer to receive the Poor’s Rate.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Appointment of such Guardian as aforesaid, one or more of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township, or Place, which shall adopt the Provisions of this Act, who shall be approved at some publick Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, shall receive the Money to be collected by virtue of such Poor's Rates, and apply the same in Manner following; (that is to say,)

[How to be applied.]

If such Parish, Township, or Place, shall not be united with any other by virtue of this Act, such Churchwarden or Overseer shall pay to the Guardian of the Poor such Sums, from Time to Time, as he shall have Occasion to employ for the Purposes of discharging the Bills, and all other necessary Expences attending such House or Houses, and the Poor belonging to such Parish, Township, or Place, and shall take Receipts from such Guardian for all the Money so paid, expressing in every such Receipt the Purposes for which such Money is wanted; and if the said Parish, Township, or Place, shall be united with any other Parish, Township, or Place, by virtue of this Act, such Churchwarden or Overseer shall pay, from Time Time, to the Treasurer of such united Parishes, Townships, or Places, their due Proportion and Quota of the several Expences attending the Poor and Poor House therein, under the Authority and according to the Direction of this Act, and take his Receipts for such Money; or, if it shall be found more convenient, he shall permit such Treasurer, from Time to Time, to draw Drafts upon him for such Money, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N° VIII, and pay the same when they become due, specifying in every such Receipt and Draft the general Purposes for which such Money is to be applied; all which Payments so to be respectively made, shall be allowed to the said Churchwarden or Overseer, in his Accounts with the Parish, Township, or Place, wherein such Money shall be raised; and the Accounts, as well of the said Churchwarden or Overseer, as of the said Guardian, shall be examined at every Monthly Meeting, and shall be examined and passed quarterly by the Visitor of such Poor House, after they shall have been verified upon Oath before a Justice of the Peace.

[Justices to appoint a Governor of each Poor House.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more Justices of the Peace for the Limit wherein such Poor House shall be situate, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after such Agreement shall have been made as aforesaid for adopting the Provisions of this Act, either by a single Parish or Township, or by two or more Parishes or Townships, upon Application made to them by two or more of the Persons who shall have signed such Agreement, and upon producing the same to them, to appoint one of the Persons recommended for Governor of such Poor House (in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N° VII, or to that or the like Effect), who shall have the Care, Management, and Employment of the Poor Persons to be sent thither, and shall be allowed such Salary or Wages for his Trouble as shall be specified in the said Agreement; and it shall and may be lawful for the Visitor of such Poor House, with the Consent of the Guardians, or the major Part of them, or for two or more Justices of the Peace for such Limit where a Guardian shall be Visitor, to remove the Governor of such Poor House, upon Complaint, and sufficient Proof, of Misbehaviour or Incapacity in the Execution of his Office.

[Directions for the Appointment of Visitors.]

X. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians of the Poor for the several Parishes and Townships which shall be so united as aforesaid, shall meet as soon as conveniently may be after such Agreement shall have been made, to consider of three proper Persons, respectable in Character and Fortune, fit to be put in Nomination for the Office of Visitor of such Poor House; and two or more of such Guardians shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such Meeting, apply to two Justices of the Peace acting for the Limit wherein such Poor House shall be, and produce to them the said Agreement, and the Names of the Persons whom they shall desire to recommend; which Justices shall then, or within three Days after, appoint one of such Persons so recommended to be Visitor, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N° VII, or to that or the like Effect; but if he shall refuse to accept that Office, they shall then appoint one other of the Persons so named; and if he shall decline it, they shall appoint the third Person named in such List; and if he shall decline it, the Guardians of the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places shall, and they are hereby required to serve that Office Monthly by Rotation, subject to the Controul of the Justices of the Limit where such Poor House shall be;

[Visitor may appoint a Deputy.]

And every such Visitor, if not a Guardian, is hereby authorised to nominate some discreet and proper Person to be his Deputy or Assistant, if he shall think fit, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N° IX; and every such Deputy or Assistant shall, in the Absence of such Visitor, and under his Direction, act as Inspector of the several Matters so committed to the Care of the Visitor, and shall make his Report thereof, from Time to Time, to him, for his better Information, and render him all the Assistance in his Power: And every Visitor so to be appointed shall superintend every such House or Houses, and settle and adjust the Accounts between the said Guardians of the Poor and the Treasurer of such House, if any Question or Dispute shall arise respecting the same; and also shall settle and adjust all Doubts and Questions which may arise concerning the Persons which ought to be sent to such House or Houses, according to the Intention of this Act, and by every prudent Means in his Power enforce and promote the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Directions, and Provisions established, enacted, and formed by and under this Act, for the better Accommodation and Relief of the Poor, and the preventing all unnecessary Expences and Burthens on the said Parishes, Townships, and Places;

[Governor, &c. to obey the Visitor.]

And every such Governor, Guardian, and Treasurer, is hereby required to observe and obey the Directions which he shall from Time to Time receive from the Visitor so to be appointed, touching the several Matters aforesaid: And, where any Act shall be required to be done by a Justice of Peace, such Visitor, if not a Justice, or

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 83. 271

his Deputy or Assistant, shall apply to some neighbouring Magistrate to do the same: And every Person to be nominated or appointed Visitor or Deputy Visitor as aforesaid, as an Inducement to his undertaking and executing that Office, shall be freed and discharged from serving the Office of Constable, and all parochial Offices, and also from serving upon Juries at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions, so long as he shall continue in that Office; and a Certificate under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace acting for the Limit wherein he executes such Office, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N° X, shall be admitted as Evidence of his serving the Office.

[Single Parishes may have a Visitor appointed.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That if two-thirds, in Number and Value as aforesaid, of the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within any single Parish, Township, or Place, which shall adopt the Provisions of this Act in Manner aforesaid, shall desire to have a Visitor appointed, and shall nominate and recommend to the Justices of the Limit three Persons properly qualified for that Office, the Justices, upon Application to them in Manner aforesaid, shall appoint one or the Persons so recommended, in the Manner herein-before directed concerning Parishes, Townships, and Places so united as aforesaid.

[A Treasurer to be appointed.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians of the several Parishes and Townships united for the Purposes of this Act, shall recommend to the Justices one of their own Body to be Treasurer of the Poor House; and it shall and may be lawful for two Justices of the Limit to appoint the Guardian to recommended, or any other of the Guardians whom they shall think better qualified, to that Office, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N° VII, or to that or the like Effect;

[His Duty.]

which Treasurer shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of the Justices, to the other Guardians, and their Successors, for his duly accounting for the Money which shall come to his Hands; and shall keep the Accounts, receive the Money to be contributed by each Parish and Township, and pay or discharge the several Bills and Expences which shall be allowed and ordered to be paid by the Guardians, at their Monthly Meeting; and shall lay his Accounts before the Guardians, at every such Meeting, for their Perusal and Approbation; and shall, once in every Year, within fourteen Days before the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, where such Poor House shall be situate, make out, or cause to be made out, a just and fair Account of the Expences attending the same, distinguishing them under the several Heads herein specified; and also an Account of the Number of poor Persons, distinguishing their Age and Sex, with shall be contained in every such House at the Time of making such Account, and how they have been employed, and how such Money hath been earned by the Labour of the Poor in the Year preceding; which shall be laid before the Visitor, and signified under his Hand, if he approves the same, and shall afterwards be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, of such County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, before or at the Time of the said Quarter Sessions, and be by him laid before the Court there for their Inspection: And every such Treasurer shall be allowed, for his Trouble in executing that Office, such annual Sum, not exceeding ten Pounds, as the Visitor, if not a Guardian, shall think fit; and if no such Visitor, as two Justices of the Peace for the Limit shall appoint.

[Vacancies occasioned by Death of Officers, &c. how to be supplied.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Vacancy shall happen in any of the Offices aforesaid, by Death, Resignation, or Removal, Meetings shall be called, and Recommendations offered to the Justices in Manner aforesaid; and they shall proceed, so soon as conveniently may be, in the Manner before directed, to appoint a fit and proper Successor to the Person so dying, declining to act, or so removed as aforesaid.

[At what Time the Offices of Guardian, Governor, &c. shall determine.]

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Offices of Guardian, Governor, Visitor, or Treasurer, to which any Person shall be appointed under the Authority of this Act, shall determine in Easter Week next after the respective Persons shall be appointed thereto, on the Day upon which the publick Meeting for such Parish, Township, or Place, shall be held there; when the Persons, who, according to this Act, are qualified and have a Right to recommend another Person to the Justices, to be appointed to such Office, shall either agree with the Persons who held the same to continue in such Office, or shall proceed to recommend others, in the Manner herein-before directed, as if such Person had died.

[Justices in a different Limit may act in certain Cases.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That if within any such Limit as aforesaid, wherein any Poor House shall be situate, there shall happen to be no acting Justice, or only one acting Justice of the Peace, or if the Justice or Justices of the Peace who usually act in that Limit shall be absent, or by any Means incapacitated to act, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of any other Limit to act in all such Cases.

[Justices may appoint Special Sessions for executing the Powers of this Act.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Limits, to appoint Special or Privy Sessions for executing the several Powers and Purposes of this Act, causing proper Notices to be given of the Time and Place of holding the same, to the several Justices of the Peace, Peace Officers, and Guardians of the Poor, within such respective Limits; and also to adjourn any such Privy Sessions, to be again holden at such Time and Place as they shall judge most proper for discharging the Business required by this Act, and such other Business which may happen to fall under their Cognizance, so as to occasion the least Trouble to themselves, and to afford the greatest Convenience and Accommodation to the Publick, causing the like Notices to be given of every such Adjournment.

[Guardians shall provide Houses, and proper Utensils, &c.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, which shall adopt the Provisions of this Act, shall provide a suitable and convenient House or Houses, with proper Buildings and Accommodations thereto, when wanted, either by erecting new ones on Land to be purchased or rented by them for that Purpose, altering old ones, or hiring Buildings for the Purpose; and shall fit up and dispose the same, with the Advice and Approbation of the Visitor, if any, in such Manner as shall be most conducive to the general Purposes of this Act, at the Expence of such Parish or Township, or Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, in the Proportions herein-after mentioned;

272 C. 83. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

and shall provide such Utensils and Materials as they shall think necessary for their Employment, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

[Poor Houses where to be situated.]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Poor Houses or Workhouses to be built or provided under the Authority of this Act, shall be situate within the Parish or Township for which they shall be used, if single Parishes or Townships, and if several Parishes or Townships shall be united for the Purposes of this Act, they shall be built or provided within one of the Parishes or Townships so to be united, and not in any other Parish, Township, or Place, without the Consent of three fourth Parts, in Number and Value as aforesaid, of such Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the same, first had and obtained, qualified as herein-before mentioned, who shall be assembled at a publick Meeting to be holden in the Manner, and upon the like Notice, herein-before directed for publick Meetings.

[On what Conditions Lands, &c. shall be rented.]

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Houses, Buildings, and Lands, to be hired or rented under the Authority of this Act, shall be hired or rented in such Manner, for such Term or Terms, and on such Conditions, as are specified in the Form of Agreement contained in he said Schedule, N° IV; and all such Houses, Buildings, and Lands, shall be free from all parochial and parliamentary Taxes, except such Taxes, and to such Amount, as they were assessed at the Time they were first taken and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

[Buildings to be paid for by the Guardians.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any such Buildings shall be agreed to be erected, repaired, or fitted up, at the Expence of the Parish, Township, or Place, or Parishes, Townships, or Places, which shall adopt the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, the Expences thereof, and of the Purchase of the Land necessary to be used for that Purpose, shall be paid by the Guardians of the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place, or of the Parishes, Townships, and Places, where they shall unite for those Purposes, in the Proportions to be settled and adjusted by the Persons, and in the Manner, directed by the Agreement to be made as aforesaid;

[Visitors and Guardians impowered to borrow Money.]

and that it shall and may be lawful for the Visitor and Guardian of the Poor of any such Parish, Township, or Place, when such Expences, or their Proportion thereof, shall amount to one hundred Pounds or upwards, to borrow the same at Interest, and secure such Money by a Charge upon the Poor's Rates of such Parish, Township, or Place, in Sums not exceeding fifty Pounds each, for the greater Ease in discharging the same, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N° XI, or to that or the like Effect; which Charge shall continue upon the said Rates until the Money so borrowed, and all Interest for the same, shall be fully paid and satisfied: And the said Guardians and their Successors shall, and they are hereby required duly to pay and keep down the Interest of such Money so to be borrowed, for the Use of their respective Parishes or Townships, as the same shall become due; and that when the Principal shall be called for, they may borrow it from some other Person or Persons, and the lame shall be secured to the Person advancing the same, by an Assignment of such Security indorsed on the Back thereof, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N° XIV, or to that or the like Effect: And that the Poor's Assessments shall continue at the same Rate they were when such Poor House was first established under the Authority of this Act, until the Debt so contracted, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully discharged: And that the said Visitor and Guardian, in order to expedite such Payments, shall, as soon as the Savings in the Poor's Accounts shall amount to a Sum sufficient to pay off and discharge one of the Sums which shall have been borrowed, pay off and discharge such Sum, and in like Manner as to all succeeding Savings, until the whole Debt so contracted and secured shall be discharged.

[Visitors and Guardians to be incorporated.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Visitor and Guardian for the Time being of every Parish, Township, and Place, or of the several Parishes, Townships, and Places which shall be so united as aforesaid, from and after they shall respectively have adopted the Provisions of this Act, shall be, and are hereby respectively declared to be one Body Politick and Corporate,

[Their Name.]

and be called by the Name of Visitor and Guardian, or Visitors and Guardians, of the Poor for the Parish, Township, or Place of in the County, &c. of ________ or of the united Parishes, Townships, or Places of ________ and ________ in the County, &c. of as the Case shall be; and are hereby authorised and enacted by that Name to sue and be sued, and to accept, take, and hold, by Purchase or Lease, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Inheritance, or for Lives or Years, or for Years determinable on the Death of any Life or Lives, not exceeding in any City or Town one Acre, and not exceeding in the open Country twenty Acres of Statute Measure, for the Scite of a House or Houses to be built, and for Lands to be occupied, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Corporation is also hereby authorised and enabled to accept, take, and hold, all voluntary Grants and Donations of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Inheritance, or for Lives or Years, or for Years determinable on Lives, or of personal Property, which shall be made to them for the Use and Benefit of the Poor within such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places.

[Incapacitated Persons impowered to sell Lands, &c.]

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes-covert, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and to and for every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased or rented for the Purposes of this Act, to contract for, sell, and convey, or lease the same, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, not exceeding the Quantity aforesaid, unto the said Visitor and Guardians, their Successors and Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint, for the Use and Benefit of such Poor House, and the poor Persons within such Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, and for all other the Purposes of this Act.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. 273

[Money paid for such Lands, &c. to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, &c. to be settled to the same Uses.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which are to be paid to any Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme-covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person or Persons whose Lands are limited in strict Settlement, for the Purchase of any Lands or Buildings as aforesaid, shall, in case the same exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, by such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, Person or Persons seised of Lands or Buildings so limited in strict Settlement, be laid out, as soon as conveniently may be in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee-simple, and conveyed to or to the Use of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or to and for such other Person or Persons, and for such Estates, and to, for, upon, and subject to such Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Lands for or in respect whereof such Purchase Money shall be so paid as aforesaid were limited, settled, and assured, at the Time such Purchase was made, or so many of such Uses as shall be then existing, and capable of taking Effect; such Purchases and Settlements to be made at the Expence of the respective Parish, or of the several Parishes so uniting, in the Proportions aforementioned, and charged by the respective Guardians of such Parishes, together with the Purchase Money, in their Accounts; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, the said Money shall be placed out by such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, Person or Persons, in some of the publick Funds, of on Government or real Security, in the Name of two or more Persons, the one to be named by the Party or Parties interested therein, and the other by the Guardian, if it respects a single Parish only, and by the Visitor, if it respects several Parishes, Townships, or Places, so united as aforesaid; and the Interest arising and to be produced from such Funds or Securities, and also the annual Rent, where the said Premises shall be rented, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would, for the Time being, be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands or Buildings so to be purchased and settled, pursuant to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act.

[Poor to be maintained at the general Expense of the respective Parishes.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the poor Persons who shall be sent to every such House, by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, shall be maintained therein at the general Expence of the respective Parishes, Townships, and Places, so adopting the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, according to the Terms, and in the Proportions, directed and prescribed by this Act; and that the Treasurer, with the Assistance of the Governor of every such House, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall provide all fit and necessary Provisions for the Maintenance of such Poor, and keep an Account thereof;

[Guardians to meet monthly.]

and that there shall be a Meeting of the Guardians of the Poor of every such Parish, Township, and Place, at such House or Houses, on the first Monday in every Month, at the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, or on such other Day and Hour, in the first Week of every Month, as the said Guardians shall at their first Meeting appoint, to state, examine, inspect, and adjust the Accounts for the preceding Month;

[Treasurer, at each Meeting, to produce an Account of Debt incurred for Utensils, Furniture, &c.]

and that at such Meeting, the said Treasurer shall produce, fairly written, one Account of the Debt incurred in the preceding Month, for Utensils and Materials for the Purpose of Manufacture, and for Furniture, Alterations, or Repairs of the Buildings, and also for the Salary or Allowance to the Governor or Treasurer, and Servants (if any,) in which Account the Rent of such House or Houses, Buildings, and Premises, if the same shall be rented, shall be charged in the Month next after such Rent shall become due, according to the Terms of the Agreement for taking the same; which Account, when settled and agreed to, shall be signed by the said Guardians attending such Meeting: And the Sums to be paid by each of such Parishes, Townships, and Places, on that Account, shall be settled and adjusted at such Meeting, in Proportion to the Sums paid by each such Parishes, Townships, and Places, on Account of their Poor, on a Medium of three Years next preceding the Date of such Agreement (to be settled and ascertained at such first Monthly Meeting, in the Manner to be specified by the said Agreement so to be entered into for uniting as aforesaid, and according to the Mode or Form, and Table, contained or referred to in the said Schedule, N° XV), and in like Manner, and in the like Proportions, at every succeeding Monthly Meeting; and the Money shall be then, or within one Week after, paid into the Hands of the said Treasurer, to be by him applied in Discharge of the several Articles and Debts contained in such Account;

[and also an Account of the Victuals, Beers, &c. used in the Poor House,]

And the said Treasurer shall also at the same Time produce, fairly written, one other Account, of the Victuals, Beer, Firing, and other Necessaries, for the Use and Maintenance of the Poor, and of the Governor, at such House or Houses, and all other incidental Expences; which shall be then accounted for, and proportioned by the said Guardians according to the Number of Persons which shall have been sent from each of the said respective Parishes, Townships, and Places, and for the Time they shall have resided in such House or Houses, within such Month, according to the Mode or Form, and Table, and in the Manner, for that Purpose also mentioned in the said Schedule, N° XVI; and the Sum due from each Parish, Township or Place, shall be specified at the Foot of such Account, which shall, when settled and agreed to, be signed by such Guardians, or the major Part of them, and be afterwards inspected by the Visitor, if not a Guardian, and allowed by him if he shall approve thereof; and in case Default shall be made in Payment of the respective Sums so proportioned to be paid in respect of any such Parish, Township, or Place, for seven Days after the same shall be so settled and proportioned, and the Money demanded, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the Limit where such House or Houses shall be situate, upon Complaint made to him upon Oath of such Default, to levy the said respective Sums, to be settled and proportioned as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Guardian of the Poor for any such Parish, Township, or Place, making such Default; and at the End of every Year the Account shall be finally closed, and the Balances paid and received, according to the Mode prescribed by the said Schedule, N° XVI.

274 C. 83. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

[Penalty on Persons refusing to deliver up Poor’s Rates, &c. after proper Demand.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, Township, or Place, who shall have the Custody of the Poor's Rates, Assessments, or Accounts, for such Parish Township, or Place, shall, and is hereby required to produce the same to the Persons who shall be nominated, in the Agreement contained in the said Schedule for uniting Parishes, on every Request made by them for that Purpose, after four Days Notice thereof, in order to enable them to ascertain the Expences relative to the Poor, on a Medium of three Years, according to the Directions, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act, or in Default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect.

[Penalty on Guardians who shall neglect to attend Monthly Meetings.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Guardian of the Poor for any Parish, Township, or Place, which shall adopt the said Provision as aforesaid, shall not attend each Monthly Meeting hereby directed to be holden, or send some substantial Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place, to attend and answer the Payments for him, in case he shall be prevented by Sickness, or other unavoidable, Accident, from attending in Person, the Guardian for every such Parish, Township, and Place, making such Default, shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, not less than forty Shillings.

[Waste Land adjoining to Poor Houses may be inclosed, with Consent of the Lord of the Manor, &c.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in order to encourage the salutary and benevolent Purposes of this Act, and to afford better Accommodations for the Poor at such Poor Houses, it shall and may be lawful for the Guardians of the Poor, where any such Poor House shall be provided, purchased, or agreed to be erected, to inclose from any Waste or Common Land or Ground lying near or adjoining thereto, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord of the Manor, and the major Part in Value of the Freeholders or Persons having Right of Common thereupon, signified under their Hands and Seals, any Part or Portion of such Waste or Common Land, not exceeding ten Acres, for the Purpose of building upon, or occupying, cultivating, and improving the same, for the Use and Benefit of such Poor House, and the poor Persons within the Parish, Township, or Place, where the same shall be, or within the Parishes, Townships, or Places which shall be united therewith for the Purposes of this Act.

[Persons sent to Poor Houses to deliver an Order signed by a Guardian.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons, to be sent to any House or Houses to be provided under the Authority of this Act, shall, at the Time of his or her entering such House, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Governor thereof, or to his Assistant, if any an Order, signed by one of the Guardians of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, from which such Person shall come, for the Admission of such Person or Persons, in the Form or to the Effect contained in the said Schedule, N° XII; which Order shall be carefully kept by the Governor, and entered by him in a Book to be provided for that Purpose.

[What Persons may be sent to the Poor Houses.]

"XXIX And, to render the Provisions of this Act more practicable and beneficial," be it further enacted, That no Person shall be sent to such Poor House or Houses, except such as are become indigent by old Age, Sickness, or Infirmities, and are unable to acquire a Maintenance by their Labour; and except such Orphan Children as shall be sent thither by Order of the Guardian or Guardians of the Poor, with the Approbation of the Visitor; and except such Children as shall necessarily go with their Mothers thither for Sustenance.

[How poor Children are to be provided for.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Infant Children of tender Years, and who, from Accident or Misfortune, shall become chargeable to the Parish or Place to which they belong, may either be sent to such Poor House as aforesaid, or be placed by the Guardian or Guardians of the Poor, with the Approbation of the Visitor, with some reputable Person or Persons in or near the Parish, Township, or Place, to which they belong, at such weekly Allowance as shall be agreed upon between the Parish Officers and such Person or Persons, with the Approbation of the Visitor, until such Child or Children shall be of sufficient Age to be put into Service, or bound Apprentice to Husbandry, or some Trade or occupation, and a List of the Names of every Child so placed out, and by whom and where kept, shall be given to the Visitor; who shall see that they are properly treated, or cause them to be removed, and placed under the Care of some other Person or Persons, if he finds just Cause so to do; and when every such Child shall attain such Age, he or she shall be so placed out, at the Expence of the Parish, Township, or Place, to which he or she shall belong, according to the Laws in being Provided nevertheless, That if the Parents or Relations of any poor Child sent to such House, or so placed out as aforesaid, or any other responsible Person, shall desire to receive and provide for any such poor Child or Children, and signify the same to the Guardians at their Monthly Meeting, the Guardians shall, and are hereby required to dismiss, or cause to be dismissed, such Child or Children from the Poor House, or from the Cart of such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and deliver him, her, or them, to the Parent, Relation, or other Person so applying as aforesaid: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall give any Power to separate any Child or Children, under the Age of seven Years, from his, her, or their Parent or Parents, without the Consent of such Parent or Parents.

[Idle Persons, who neglect to provide for their Families, shall be prosecuted by the Guardians.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all idle or disorderly Persons, who are able, but unwilling, to work or maintain themselves and their Families, shall be prosecuted by the Guardians of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, wherein they reside, and punished in such Manner as idle and disorderly Persons are directed to be by the Statute made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and if any Guardian shall neglect to make Complaint thereof, against every such Person or Persons, to some neighbouring Justice of the Peace, within ten Days after it shall come to his Knowledge, he shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, one Moiety whereof, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be disposed of as the other Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be applied.

[How Guardians are to proceed relating to poor Persons who cannot get Employment.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be, in any Parish, Township, or Place, any poor Person or Persons who shall be able and willing to work, but who cannot get Employment, it shall and may be lawful for the Guardian of the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place, and he is hereby required, on Application on made to him by or on Behalf of such poor Person, to agree for the Labour of such

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. *7S

poor Person or Persons, at any Work or Employment suited to his or her Strength and Capacity, in any Parish, Township, or Place, pear the Place of his or her Residence, and to maintain, or cause such Person or Persons to be properly maintained, lodged, and provided for, until such Employment shall be procured, and during the Time of such Work, and to receive the Money to be earned by such Work or Labour, and apply it in such Maintenance, as far as the same will go, and make up the Deficiency, if any; and if the same shall happen to exceed the Money expended in such Maintenance, to account for the Surplus, which shall afterwards, within one Calendar Month, be given to such poor Person or Persons who shall have earned such Money, if no further Expences shall be then incurred on his or her Account to exhaust the same. And in case such poor Person or Persons shall refuse to work, or run away from such Work or Employment, Complaint shall be made thereof by the Guardian to some Justice or Justices of the Peace in or near the said Parish, Township, or Place; who shall enquire into the same upon Oath, and on Conviction punish such Offender or Offenders, by committing him, her, or them, to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month.

[Guardians to provide suitable Cloathing for the Persons they send to the Poor Houses.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Guardian of the Poor for any Parish, Township, or Place, adopting the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, shall provide, at the Expence of such Parish, Township, or Place, suitable and necessary Cloathing for the Persons sent by him to such Poor House as aforesaid; and in case of his Neglect so to do, the Governor or one of the Guardians of every such House shall make Complaint thereof to some neighbouring Justice of the Peace; who shall summon the Guardian so making Neglect to appear before him to answer the said Complaint and direct him to provide such Cloathing as shall to such Justice appear necessary; and if such Guardian shall make Default in providing such Cloathing, within ten Days after such Direction, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to direct the Governor of such Poor House, or the Guardian so making such Complaint, to provide the same, and to demand from such Guardian so making Neglect, the Charges and Expences of such Cloathing; and in Default of Payment thereof, upon Demand made, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to levy the same, and the Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Guardian so making Default.

[Rules and Orders contained in the Schedule to be observed at the Poor Houses.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, specified and contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be duly observed and enforced at every Poor House or Workhouse to be provided by virtue of this Act, with such Additions as shall be made by the Justices of the Peace of the Limit wherein such House or Houses shall be situate, at some Special Session; provided that such Addition shall not be contradictory to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations established by this Act, and provided that the same be not repealed by the Justices at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and, for the Purpose of having them more generally known, and more strictly attended to, the Governors of every such House or Houses shall, and are hereby required to cause the same to be printed in plain legible Characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous Part of every such House or Houses.

[Justices, on Complaint that that any Guardian hath refused Relief to any poor Person may direct such Guardian to send the Complainant to the Poor House.]

"XXXV. And whereas, by the said Act of the ninth of King George the First, Directions are given touching the Application to be made by poor Persons, and the Manner in which they are to be relieved, by Orders from Justices of the Peace; but, from a Want of proper Descriptions of the Poor, who are to be the Objects of such Relief, from a Want of proper Accommodations in many Parishes, Townships, and Places, and from a Want of the Means of enforcing the Orders of the Justices for such Relief, the said Act hath not had its proper Effect, and the Poor have been frequently reduced to Hardships and Distresses;" For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, on Complaint made upon Oath, by or on the Behalf of any poor Person belonging to any Parish, Township, or Place, that the Guardian, upon Application made to him, hath refused such poor Person proper Relief, and after enquiring into the Condition and Circumstance of such poor Person upon Oath, either to order him or her, by Writing under the Hand of such Justice, some weekly or other Relief, or direct such Guardian to send such poor Person to the Poor House, in case he or she shall appear a fit Object to be kept and provided for there, according to the true Intent and Construction of this Act; which Order shall be complied with, or sufficient Cause shewn to the contrary, before such Justice, by such Guardian, within two Days after he shall receive the same (and every Person receiving weekly Relief shall wear the Badge directed by the Act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, unless directed otherwise by a Justice of the Peace, upon Proof of very decent and orderly Behaviour); or if it shall appear to such Justice, that the Person so complaining, or on whore Behalf such Complaint is made, is able and willing to work, but wants Employment, in that Case it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to order the Guardian to procure him or her Maintenance and Employment in the Manner herein-before directed; and if any Guardian shall, upon due Notice of any such Order, refuse or neglect to obey the same, he shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds;

[If the Justice shall find that the Complainant is an idle Person, he may commit him to the House of Correction.]

or if it shall appear to such Justice, that the Person making such Complaint, or on whose Behalf such Complaint is made, is an idle or disorderly Person, and has not used proper Means to get Employment, it shall and may be lawful for the Justice, after examining such Person, and hearing the whole Circumstances of the Case, to commit such Person to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month; or if it shall appear to such Justice, upon Enquiry as aforesaid, that the Husband or Father of such Person making Complaint, or on whose Behalf Complaint shall be so made, for Want of Relief, is an idle or disorderly Person, able to work, but by his Neglect of Work, or for Want of seeking Employment, or by spending the Money he earns in Alehouses, or Places of bad Repute, does not maintain his Wife or Children, and suffers them to be reduced to Want, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, in like Manner, to commit the Husband of such poor Woman, or the Father of such poor Child or Children, to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month.

276 C. 83. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

---

[Guardian not to be summoned before the Justice, unless the Complainant shall have applied both to the Guardian and Visitor.]

[Application of Penalties inflicted on Guardians.]

Directioni relative to such poor Personi who shall be ffli&ed with Sickness, &c. when at a Pi fiance from their Parish.

#r#t to alter tba Settlement of ft*jr PcifoB, &c.

Penalty on Person who shall embeitle or waste Goods, committed to their Care ia any Poor House,

Penalty on enticing or removing pregnant Women, &c. from one Parish to another, without an Order firom two JtsC-*C«H

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Complaint or Application shall be made to a Justice of the Peace, for the Relief of any poor Person, within any Parish, Township, or Place, for which a Visitor shall be appointed, such Justice shall not summon the Guardian to appear before him, unless Application shall have been first made, by the Person so complaining, to the Guardian, and, if he refuses Redress, to the Visitor (it being Part of his Duty to adjust Matters of that Sort), who shall orders Relief if he thinks it necessary, either within or out of the Poor House, as he Shall judge right; but if sufficient Relief shall not be so given or ordered, the poor Person complaining, or on whose Behalf such Complaint shall be made, shall be redressed by such Justice in the Manner herein-before directed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Penalty hereby inflicted upon the Guardian for disobeying the Order of a Justice of the Peace for the Relief and Maintenance of any poor Person, so much thereof as the Justice of the Peace who shall convict such Offender shall direct to be paid to such poor Person to whom such Relief was ordered, shall be paid to him or her accordingly, and the Remainder applied in such Manner as the other Penalties are hereby directed to be disposed of.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any poor Person shall be retarded on his or her Passage through any Parish, Township, or Place, in which he or she has no legal Settlement, by Reason of his or her meeting with any Accident, or being afflicted with any dangerous Sickness or bodily Infirmity, without the Means of Subsistence, or of proceeding to the Place of his or her Settlement, the Guardian living near the Place where such distressed Object shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upon Notice thereof, forthwith to provide Lodging, and suitable Nourishment and Assistance (and also Cloathing if necessary) for such Person, until he or she can be removed with Safety; and when such Pension shall be in a State of Health fit to be removed, shall take such Person to some neighbouring Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, where such Person was found, who shall examine him of her upon Oath, touching the Place of his or her Settlement, and make an Order for his or her Removal thither, if they think fit: And the Parish Officer who shall so receive and provide for such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall make a Charge of the Expences attending the same, which, on being allowed and certified by the Justices before whom such poor Person shall be so taken, or some other neighbouring Justices within the Limit where such Person was found, the same shall be paid by the Guardian of the Parish, Township, or Place, where such poor Person shall be settled, in case the same can be discovered, and shall happen to be within that County, on Demand made thereof, and on the Production of such Allowance and Certificate as aforesaid, or in Default of Payment, the same shall be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Guardian so making Default, after due Summons, by Warrant from a Justice of Peace having Jurisdiction there; and if any poor and sick Person circumstanced as aforesaid shall die before he or she can be so examined, or if any poor Person shall be found dead in any Parish or Place to which he or she did not belong, the Guardian of such Parish or Place respectively shall, and is hereby required, in every such Case, to cause such Person to be buried in the Parish, Township, or Place, where he or she so died, or was found dead, and shall make a Charge of the Expences attending the same respectively, which shall be allowed and certified by a Justice of the Peace, after examining into the Place of his or her Settlement, and shall be paid by the Guardian of the Parish, Township, or Place, where such Person shall appear to have been settled, if the same shall be within that County; but in case the Settlement of such poor Persons respectively cannot be discovered, or shall not be within that County, the same shall be paid by the Treasurer of such County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, where such Person was so relieved, on the Production of such Allowance and Certificate, out of the County or Publick Money to be collected within his Limit, and allowed to such Treasurer in his Accounts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or affect the Settlement of any person or Persons whomsoever, or to give any illegitimate Child, who may be born in any Poor House or Workhouse established under the Authority of this Act, a Settlement in the Parish or Place in which such Workhouse or Poor House shall be situated (but every such Child shall be considered as settled in the Parish or Place to which the Mother belongs), or to alter or affect any of the Provisions, Directions, Rules, Orders, or Regulations, established by any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Management and Government of any particular House of Industry, or Workhouse, in any Part of this Kingdom; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any poor Person, who shall be sent to such House or Houses, shall embezzle or wilfully waste any of the Goods or Materials committed to his or her Care, or shall take or carry away, without Permission of the Governor, any Goods or Materials provided for the Use of such House, or belonging to any Person residing there, Complaint shall be made thereof upon Oath to some neighbouring Justice of Peace living ear such House; who shall hear the same, and the Party accused; and such Justice is hereby authorised, upon Conviction, to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than two Calendar Months, as the said Justice shall think fit and direct.

"XLI. And whereas it frequently happens that poor Children, pregnant Women, or poor Persons afflicted with Sickness, or some bodily Infirmity, are enticed, taken, or conveyed by Parish Officers, or other Persons, from one Parish or Place to another, without any legal Order of Removal, in order to ease the one Parish or Place, and to burthen the other with such poor Persons;" For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That when any Guardian, or other Person or Persons, shall so entice, take, convey, or remove, or cause or procure to be so enticed, taken, conveyed, or removed, any such poor Person or Persons from one Parish or Place to another, which shall adopt the Provisions of this Act, without an Order of Removal from two Justices of the Peace for that Purpose, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

3

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. 277

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Visitor, Guardian, or Governor, shall sell or furnish any Materials, Goods, Clothes, Victuals, or Provisions, or do any Work in his Trade for the Use of any Workhouse, Poor House, or poor Persons, within any Parish, Township, or Place, for which he shall be so appointed to act, or be concerned in Trade or Interest with any Person or Persons who shall sell, provide, do, or furnish the same, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, on being duly convicted thereof by a Justice of the Peace.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Guardians of the Poor of any Parish, Township, or Place, which shall adopt the Provisions of this Act, with the Approbation of the Persons within such Parish, Township, or Place, qualified as herein-before mentioned, obtained at a publick Meeting, held for that Purpose, to sell or dispose of any House, Cottage, or Building, which shall have been erected or purchased for the Use of any poor Person or Persons, at the Expence of such Parish, Township, or Place, and apply the Money arising therefrom for the Purposes of this Act; and also to remove, by Order from a Justice or Justices of the Peace, the Person or Persons who shall inhabit the same, or any other House or Dwelling rented or provided at the Expence of such Parish, Township, or Place, if he, she, or they refuse to quit, after receiving fourteen Days Notice for that Purpose.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to or affect, or be deemed, construed, or adjudged to extend to or affect, any Parish, Township, or Place, which shall not agree to adopt the Provisions herein contained, in the Manner hereby directed and prescribed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties inflicted by this Act shall be recovered before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Jurisdiction where the Offender dwells; who shall, upon Conviction, in Default of Payment, after due Summons, and Demand made, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress any Sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice of the Peace to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month; and that every such Penalty and Forfeiture, if not hereby otherwise directed to be disposed of, shall be paid to the Treasurer of every such House or Houses, where any such shall be established under the Authority of this Act, to be applied by him towards defraying the monthly Expences of Victuals, Beer, Firing, and other necessary Provisions for the Poor within such House or Houses.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person aggrieved by the Act of any Justice or Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, in or concerning the Execution of this Act, may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Liberty, Division, Precinct, or District, wherein such Act was done, giving eight Days Notice thereof to the Party against whom the Complaint shall be made, and giving Security, by Recognizance, to be acknowledged before a Justice of the Peace, with a sufficient Surety, to pay the Costs attending such Appeal, if the Matter shall be determined against the Appellant; and the Justices or such Quarter; Sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such Appeal, and to award Costs, for or against the Appellant, as they shall see just Cause so to do; which Determination shall be final, and shall not be removed by Certiorari.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Penalty on Vifi-tori. Guard;ini, and Governors, who shallfurnift Provisions, See. for the Poor House to which they belong. Guardians, with the Approbation of the Parfli-inners, may fell Houses provided by the Parish for the Poor thereof.

This Act not to extend to any Place which shall not adopt Yhe Provisions. thereof.

Penal tier and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Persona aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions;

whose Determination shall be final.

[Publick Act.]

Schedule, containing the Forms of Proceedings referred to by the aforesaid Act.

N° I.

FORM of AGREEMENT at a Publick Meeting, for a single Parish or Township to adopt the Provisions, Rules, and Regulations, of an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

IT is agreed, at a publick Meeting duty holden this Day of at in the County of pursuant to the Directions of an Act made in the twenty-second Year of King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, That the Parish [or Township] of [as the Case shall be] shall from henceforth adopt, in all Respects, the Provisions, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and comply with all the Requisites prescribed by the said Act; and that our Workhouse [if there is one] shall be immediately fitted up and accommodated for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act. [If there is none] We will forthwith provide a proper Workhouse, either by erecting a new one, or hiring, altering, and fitting up Buildings suitable to the Purpose, at some convenient Place within our Parish, etcetera And we recommend to the Consideration of the Justices and as fit and proper Persons for Guardians of the Poor; and and as fit and proper Persons for Governors of the Poor House, for the said Parish, Township, etcetera [as the Case shall be].

Given under our Hands, etcetera.

1C

c. 83.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 178ai

N° II.

FORM of CONSENT and APPROBATION of the Justicei.

FORM of CONSENT and APPROBATION of the Justices.

WE A.B. and C.D. Esquires, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, etcetera, of [as the Case shall be] considering the Parish or Township, etcetera, of within the said County, etcetera, to be of Magnitude sufficient to have a Workhouse provided within it for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, and to adopt the Provisions of the Act (for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor) passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, do hereby give our Approbation and Consent thereto, pursuant to the Directions of the laid Act; and we do also agree to the Salaries fixed by the said Agreement to be paid to the Guardian and Governor.

Given under our Hands, this Day of

N° III.

FORM of AGREEMENT, at the Publick Meeting, for two or more Parishes, Townships, or Places, to unite in adopting the Provisions of the Act, made in the twenty-second Year of King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

IT is agreed, at a Publick Meeting duly held this Day of at in the County of pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, That the Parish [or Township] of [as the Case shall be] shall, from henceforth, in Conjunction with the Parishes or Townships of and [as the Case shall be] adopt in all Respects the Provisions, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and comply with all the Requisites prescribed by the said Act for Parishes uniting for those Purposes; and that a convenient Workhouse, and other Buildings and necessary Conveniencies, shall be immediately provided at or near and properly fitted up and accommodated for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act: And we recommend to the Consideration of the Justices of the Limit wherein such Workhouse will be situate, A.B., C.D., and E.F., as fit and proper Persons qualified for Guardians of the Poor; and G.H., I.K., and I, as fit Persons to be Governors of the Poor House for the said Parish [or, Township, as the Case shall be]; and do agree to allow the Person who shall be appointed Guardian a Salary of per Annum for his Trouble in executing that Office; and to the Person who shall be appointed Governor of the Poor House a Salary of for his Trouble in executing that Office.

N° IV.

FORM of AGREEMENT for uniting the Parishes [or, Townships, as the Case shall be] of A, B, C, and D, for the Purpose of providing a House, or Houses, and the better maintaining and employing their Poor, pursuant to the Statute of the twenty-second Year of King George the Third.

IT is agreed, this Day of by and between the Guardians of the Poor of the Parishes of and and of the Townships of and in the County of (which maintain their own Poor separate and distinct from the other Parts of their respective Parishes) whore Names are hereunto subscribed, pursuant to the Opinion of two third Parts, in Number and Value as aforesaid, of the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, assessed to the Poor's Rates within such respective Parishes and Townships, at Meetings duly held for that Purpose, qualified according to the Directions of the Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, and with the Approbation of A.B. and C.D. two Justices of the Peace, according to the Directions of the said Act, That the said respective Parishes and Townships shall be united for the better maintaining and employing their Poor; and that a convenient House or Houses, with proper Buildings and Accommodations thereto, and with Land fit for Gardens, Orchards, and the keeping of a Cow or Cows, shall be built [purchased, or hired, as shall be found most suitable], at or near for the Reception and Accommodation of the Poor, as soon as conveniently may be, and if hired, the same shall be rented upon such Terms as shall be agreed upon between the Guardians of the Poor of the said (several Parishes and Townships, or the major Part of them, and the Person or Persons owning or being authorised to let such Buildings, Lands, and Premises; but no such Agreement shall be made for a longer Term than twenty-one Years, unless the Guardian or Guardians shall have an Option to vacate it at the End of that Term, on giving twelve Months Notice in Writing of his or their Intentions so to do, not for a shorter Term than three Years; and such Houses shall be fitted up and made convenient for the Purposes aforesaid, at the Expence of the Landlords [or Tenants, as shall be agreed between them]; That the Rents of the said Houses, the Expences of fitting up, making Additions or Alterations [where they shall be agreed to be paid by the Tenants], and of the Furniture thereof, and also the Utensils and Materials to be used for the Purpose of employing the Poor, and the Wages and Allowances to be paid to the Governor of the House, shall be paid by the said several Guardians in their due Proportions, according to the Amount of the Money raised by the Poor's

We, A.B. and C.D. the Justices of Peace mentioned in the within-written Agreement, do hereby give our Approbation to the Parishes and Places herein named being united for the Purposes of the Act within-mentioned.

Witness our Hands, this Day of

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

Rates for their several Parishes and Townships, in respect of their Poor, on a Medium of three Years preceding such Agreement; and that such Proportion shall be ascertained by and whom we have nominated for that Purpose, and shall be paid by the Guardians of the Poor of the said respective Parishes and Townships, to the Person who shall be authorised to receive the same, within seven Days after the same shall be so ascertained; and that the Money earned by the Labour of such Poor shall be brought to the Credit of that Account at the End of every Year: That the Expences of Victuals, Beer, and Firing, for the Poor and the Governor [and for the Assistants, when any shall be found necessary] in every such House or Houses, with all other small incidental Expences, shall be proportioned, at the End of every Month, according to the Number of Poor which shall be sent from each of the said respective Parishes, Townships, and Places, and for the Time they shall have resided there within such Month: That the Guardians of the Poor of any of the hid Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall be at Liberty to withdraw from this Agreement at the End of the first three Years, or any succeeding three Years, on giving twelve Months Notice of such their Intention, if it shall be so determined by three fourth Parts of the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, assessed to the Poor's Rates, and qualified as aforesaid, at a Publick Meeting, summoned by due Notice as aforesaid, specifying the Occasion of such Meeting; and in such Case, they shall receive one Half of their due Proportion, to be ascertained by the Persons above named, or such other Persons as the Parties shall agree upon for that Purpose, of the Value of the Furniture, Stock, Utensils, and Implements, then remaining at such Poor House, after paying their Proportion of the Rent, and of the Salaries to the Governor and other Officers, to the End of the then growing Year: And that the Guardians of the Poor of each Parish, Township, and Place, shall provide suitable and convenient Cloathing for the Poor, to be sent to the said House or Houses, from their respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, and charge the Expences thereof in their Accounts. And we recommend to the Justices of the Limit where such House is to be situated, A.B., C.D., and E.F., as Persons duly qualified for the Office of Visitor of the said Poor House, and I.K., L.M., and N.O., as Persons duly qualified for the Office of Governor of the said Poor House.

We, A.B. and C.D. the Justices of Peace mentioned in the within-written Agreement, do hereby give our Approbation to the Parishes and Places herein named being united for the Purposes of the Act within-mentioned.

Witness our Hands, this Day of

N° V.

FORM of ENTRY to be made by the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk.

BE it remembered, That on the Day of A.B. deposited in my Hands a Copy of the Agreement made between the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes or Townships of and [as the Case shall be] in the County, etcetera, [as the Case shall be] of for uniting in hiring, purchasing, or building Houses, at or near in the said County, etcetera, and providing for the Maintenance and Employment of a certain Description of poor Persons belonging to the said Parishes, Townships, and Places, pursuant to the Statute made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third.

N° VI.

FORM of a NOTICE for the Meeting.

NOTICE is hereby given, That a Publick Meeting, to consult the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, assessed after the Rate of five Pounds per Annum, about hiring, purchasing, or building [as the Case shall be] a House or Houses, and providing for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, pursuant to the Statute of the twenty-second Year of George the Third, will be held at the Day of at in the Forenoon.

N° VII.

FORM of APPOINTMENT of a Guardian.

WE A.B. and C.D. two of his Majesty's Justices of Peace for the County of acting for the Hundred, etcetera, of in the said County, do hereby appoint E.F. of to execute the Office of Guardian of the Poor for the Parish, etcetera, of within the said Hundred, etcetera, for one Year, to be computed from to which he has been recommended at a Publick Meeting holden the Day of pursuant to the Directions of the Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

Given under our Hands, this Day of

[The like Form for Visitor, only varying the Description of the Office, and when appointed for united Parishes, etcetera, name them.]

[The like Form for appointing a Governor and Treasurer, only varying that of a Treasurer, by adding, to which he has been recommended by the Guardians.]

C. 83.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III.

N° VIII.

FORM of a DRAFT by the Guardian on the Churchwarden or Overseer appointed to collect the Poor's Rates.

To A.B. Collector of the Poor's Rates of the Parish [or Township] of [as the Case shall be.]

YOU are hereby authorised and directed to pay to C. D.the Sum of for [Here describe the Occasion of the Payment, whether for House Rent, Cloathing, or for Weekly Relief of poor Persons, etcetera, etcetera, as the Case shall be] and take his Receipt for the same, which will be your Discharge for such Payment. Dated this Day of

E. F.

Guardian of the Poor for the Parish [or Township] aforesaid.

N° IX.

FORM of APPOINTMENT of a Deputy Visitor.

I A.B. Visitor of the Poor and Poor House for the Parish, Township, etcetera, of [or for the united Parishes, Townships, etcetera, of and in the County of do hereby nominate and appoint C.D. to be my Deputy Visitor and Assistant, during my Will and Pleasure, pursuant to the Power given to me by an Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third (intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor), and authorise him to discharge the Duty required of him by the said Act.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

N° X.

FORM of CERTIFICATE of serving the Office of Visitor.

I A.B. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, etcetera, [as the Case shall be] of do hereby certify, That C.D. of in the said County, hath been appointed to, and is now serving, the Office of Visitor of the Poor for the Parish or Township of [or for the Parishes and Townships of ] in the said County, [as the Case shall be] pursuant to the Direction of the Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third.

Dated this Day of .

N° XI.

FORM of SECURITY for Money borrowed.

BY virtue of an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third (intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor), we A.B. Visitor, and C.D. Guardian of the Poor, for the Parish [or Township, as the Case shall be] of E. in the County, City, etcetera, of in Consideration of the Sum of to us in Hand paid by for the Purpose of purchasing, building, erecting, repairing, fitting up, or furnishing, etcetera, [as the Case shall be] a convenient House, Buildings, and Offices, for the Reception, Accommodation, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish or Township, and for providing suitable Stock and Utensils for that Purpose, do hereby charge the Poor's Rates to be hereafter made, and the several Sums of Money to be raised thereupon, within the said Parish, [or Township, as the Case shall be] with the Payment of the said Principal Sum, and Interest after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, half-yearly, as the same shall become due.

N° XII.

FORM of ORDER for Admission of Paupers.

To the Governor of the Poor House at E.

YOU are hereby ordered and required to receive A. B.[Describe his or her Age, and whether married or single] a poor Person belonging to the Parish [or Township, as the Case shall be] of in the County of D. into the Poor House at E. and to accommodate and provide for such Person in a proper Manner, according to the Rules and Establishment of the said House.

Given under my Hand, this Day of

F.G.

Visitor, [or Guardian, as the Case shall be.]

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

N° XIII.

FORM of the JUSTICE's Direction to excuse the Badge.

I A.B. a Justice of Peace for the County [Riding, Division, etcetera, as the Case shall be] of having received Proof upon Oath before me, that C.D. a poor Person receiving weekly Relief from the Parish, [Township, etcetera, as the Case shall be] of in the County, etcetera, of is a Person of very decent and orderly Behaviour, do hereby direct the Guardian [or Overseer, if no Guardian] of the Poor for the said Parish, etcetera, to omit putting the Badge upon the Coat [or Gown, if a Female] of the said C.D. and to excuse his [or her] wearing the same, as long as he [or she] shall continue to behave orderly and decently.

Dated this ________ Day of ________.

N° XIV.

FORM of the TRANSFER of the Security for the Money advanced.

I DO transfer this Security, with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money hereby secured, and to all the Interest now due, or hereafter to be due, unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this ________ Day of ________.

A.B.

Witness, E.F.

N° XV.

MODE of adjusting the first Account mentioned in the Act respecting Utensils, Materials, Furniture, Rent, etcetera.

LET it be supposed that the Parishes or Townships of A., B., C., and D. have agreed to be united under the Authority of the Act; and that E. and F. are the Persons named in the Agreement as Arbitrators, or Referees, to settle and adjust the Proportions which each Parish or Place is to pay.

It will be necessary for E. and F. at their first Meeting, to call upon the Officers of every such Parish, Township, or Place, for their Assessments and Accounts, in order to see what they have paid to their Poor, on a Medium of three Years preceding the Agreement; who are required by the Act to produce them, under a Penalty for Refusal.

When the Arbitrators have got there Materials, it will be necessary to separate and deduct every Matter which does not relate to the Poor; for Instance, Money paid to the County Rates, or for the Expences of the Constable, Headborough, or Militia, which are all now included in the Poor's Rates; and, as some of these Parishes may have had Expences occasioned by Litigations about Settlements and Removals, and others may not, they should exclude all such Expences in the Account.

When the Accounts have been so inspected and examined, and the proper Deductions made, they may be supposed to appear:

That A. has paid 	for the first of the three Years	£65 7 6

	for the second Year	 87 2 —

	for the third Year	 105 — —

---

Making together	257 9 6

A third part of which Sum (being A.'s Medium), will be — 85 16 6

Let B.'s Payments be calculated in the same Manner, which may be supposed to amount, on the Medium of three Years, to — 110 0 0

C.'s D°, — 97 0 0

D.'s D°, — 140 0 0

The Total of the annual Payments will be — 432 16 6

Suppose the Month's Expences paid by the several Parishes under the above Heads, according to the Directions of the Act, should amount to £300l, the Question will be, If £432. 16s. 6d. (the Total Medium of all the Parishes) require £300, what will £85. 16s. 6d. require? When that shall be worked by the Rule of Three, multiplying the Third Number by the Second, and dividing it when so multiplied by the First, the Answer will be,

That A.'s Proportion amounts to	— 59 9 5

B.'s Proportion, when worked in the same Manner, will be — 76 5 0

C.'s D° — 67 4 7

D.'s D° — 97 1 0

Making together the whole Sum expended — 300 0 0

282 C. 83. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

When those Medium Sums shall be settled and proportioned at their first Meeting, there will be no Occasion to repeat that Trouble afterwards, as the first Sum will be the same on all suture Calculations; and to prevent Trouble in adjusting the Proportions at every Monthly Meeting, at every Poor House, soon after the first Medium Proportions shall be so ascertained, there shall be a Table fixed, calculating the Proportions of each Parish, Township, or Place, to any given Sum, from the smallest to the greatest, that is likely to be expended in that District within the Month; which will make every Account clear and easy to the meanest Understanding, and will be liquidated in an Instant.

N° XVI.

Mode of adjusting the second Account mentioned in the Act, respecting the Victuals, Beer, Firing, and other Necessaries.

As soon as the Agreement is made for uniting several Parishes, &c. the Guardians shall meet and consider what will be a proper weekly Sum to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for every Person admitted into the Poor House, estimating it as near as they can to the probable Expence of maintaining them; the Guardians should pay to the Treasurer, at every Monthly Meeting, what shall be due for every such Person, upon that Calculation, for the Time he has been kept there in the Month preceding; and, in order to avoid Fractions, if any Person shall have been there four Days, or more, in any of the Weeks, it should be considered as a full Week, and if less than four Days, no Charge should be made for it: That, in order to avoid Difficulties in adjusting the Account, a Table should be provided, in like Manner as before, and fixed up in the House, with proper Columns for the Number of Persons, the Number of Weeks, and the Total Amount, according to the weekly Sum so agreed upon; by which that Account will likewise be settled without the least Trouble or Difficulty.

The several monthly Sums paid by each Parish on this second Account, and also the gross Sums, should be entered in the Treasurer's Books; and at the and of the Year it should be computed whether the Payments by the several Parishes have amounted to more, or less, than the Sum expended; if to more, the Guardian of each Parish should receive, if to less, he should pay his Proportion thereof to the Treasurer, to be computed according to the first Account, as directed by the Act.

RULES, ORDERS, BYE LAWS, and REGULATIONS, to be observed and enforced at every POOR HOUSE to be provided and established under the Authority of the Act of the Twenty-second Year of King George the Third.

First. THAT the several Persons who shall be sent to any such Poor House, who are capable of doing any Work, shall be employed by the Governor in some Labour which may be best suited to their Strength and Capacity.

Second. That the Governor shall take particular Care to keep the said House, and the several Apartments therein, and also the several Persons who shall inhabit the same, clean and wholesome; and for that Purpose he shall employ such of the said poor Persons who shall be sent thither, whom he shall think most able and best qualified for the Offices, to assist him therein, and also in the providing and dressing Victuals for the Use of such poor Persons; and if any such poor Person shall refuse or neglect to perform the Work or Labour in which he or she shall be so employed, or shall be directed to do by the Governor, every such Person shall be punished by Confinement, or Alteration of Diet, in such Manner as the Governor shall direct; and for a second Offence of the like Sort, Complaint thereof shall be made to some Justice of the Peace for the Limit, who, on Conviction, shall commit such Person to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month.

Third. That the Apartments in the House or Houses to be provided as aforesaid, shall be adapted so as to accommodate the Poor who shall be sent thither in the best Manner they are capable. — That the Governor shall place in the best Apartments such poor Persons who, having been creditable Housekeepers, are reduced by Misfortune, in Preference to those who are become poor by Vice and Idleness; and that separate Apartments shall be provided for the Reception of the sick and distempered Poor, and an Apothecary or Surgeon to be sent for to attend them when there shall appear Necessary for it, at the Expence of the Parish or Place to which such poor Persons belong.

Fourth. That such poor Persons who are able to work, shall be called up by Ring of Bell, and set to work by Six in the Morning from Lady-day to Michaelmas, and by eight from Michaelmas to Lady-day; and continue until four in the Afternoon from Michaelmas to Lady-day, and from Lady-day to Michaelmas till six in the Afternoon (Meal Times and Times for reasonable Recreation excepted); and if any such poor Person shall, refuse or neglect to do such Work as shall be allotted him or her, or wilfully spoil the same, or depart from such House without Leave from the Governor, or shall be guilty of any Disorder or Disobedience to these Rules and Orders, the Governor shall reprove such Person for the same, and punish him or her by Confinement or Alteration of Diet, as the said Governor shall think fit; and if such Person shall be guilty of the like Offence a second Time, the Governor shall complain thereof to the Visitor of such House, who is hereby authorised to order the Punishment of Confinement to be increased to such Degree as he shall think fit.

Fifth. That the Governor shall enter in a Book to be kept by him, an Account of the Household Goods, Linen, Furniture, and Utensils provided for the said House, and also an Account of the Materials bought for Manufacture, and of the Goods manufactured there; which shall be laid before the Guardians at their Monthly Meeting, and before the Visitor whenever he comes to such House.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 84 — 87. 283

for Manufacture, and of the Goods manufactured there; which shall be laid before the Guardians at their Monthly Meeting, and before the Visitor whenever he comes to such House.

Sixth. That the Governor shall visit the several Persons maintained in such House or Houses, and their Apartments, once at least in every Day; and shall take Care that there is no Waste of Fire, Candles, or Provisions; and shall see that the Fires and Candles are put out at the Hours fixed for such Persons going to Bed, which shall be at eight of the Clock between Michaelmas and Lady-day, and nine between Lady-day and Michaelmas.

Seventh. That when any Person shall die in the House, the Governor shall take Care that the Body of such Person be immediately removed into some separate Apartment, and be decently buried, as soon as conveniently may be; and also take Care of the Cloaths and Goods of such Person, and deliver them to the Guardian of the Poor of the Parish or Place to which such Person did belong, who is to pay the Charges of the Funeral of such poor Person.

Eighth. That no poor Person be permitted to go out of the Poor House, nor any Person permitted to come into such House or Houses, except the Persons maintained and employed there, without the Permission of the Governor; and that no Spirituous Liquors be permitted to be drank in such House or Houses; and that no other Liquors shall be brought thither, without the Permission of the said Governor.

Ninth. That the Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws shall be publickly read by the Governor to all the poor Persons kept in such House or Houses, once at least in every Month.

Tenth. That all the poor Persons able to go to Church, shall attend Divine Service every Sunday.

Eleventh. That the Governor shall dismiss from the Poor House, or Workhouse, every Person who shall, in the Opinion of the Guardian or Guardians, be thought improper to continue longer there, and upon an Order from him or them for that Purpose.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for better paying, cleansing and lighting, Part of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and such Part of Old Bond Street as lies within the Parish of Saint James, in the said County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for the Improvement of Portman Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, one made in the eleventh, and the other in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, for paving certain Streets in the Parishes of Saint John of Wapping, and Saint George in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to other Parts of the said rarilhes, and also for opening certain Communications within the said Parish of Saint George.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for paving, and freeing from Nuisances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways and Places, within the Parish of Saint Anne, in the County of Middlesex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, within the said Parish, and for making Ways and Streets into the Street called Risby's Rope Ground, and through or across Shoulder of Mutton Alley, and a Street called Ropemakers Fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the Bridge in the said Street called Risby's Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-third Year of the Reign

of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 23 Georgii III.

1. An Act to permit the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley and all Sorts of Corn, Grain and Meal, upon Payment of the low Duties therein mentioned, for a limited Time.

2. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent His Majesty's Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

5. An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

6. An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; and to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

7. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

9. An Act for allowing the Importation of Rice, Paddy, Indian Corn, Indian Meal and Maize, free from Duty, for a limited Time.

10. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

11. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco; to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages; to repeal such Part of the Proviso in an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish Wines, and other Wines (except French Wines) to be imported in small Casks for private Use; and for taking off the Inland Duty payable upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, upon the Exportation thereof as Merchandize.

12. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

13. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln and Nottingham.

14. An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships into the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada and the Grenadines; and of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom, in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out, on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America.

15. An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade.

16. An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

17. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

18. An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes.

19. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for compelling John Whitebill Esquire to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate and Effects forfeited in consequence of the said Act; and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

20. An Act for building a new Shire Hall and Guild Hall for the County of Salop, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain.

22. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

23. An Act to prevent Prisoners in the King's Bench Prison, or the Rules thereof, or their Families or Servants, gaining Settlements in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey; and for the Relief of the said Parish, with respect to the Families of Prisoners in the said King's Bench, or the Marshalsea Prison, or in the County Gaol, or House of Correction belonging to the said County; for regulating the manner of chusing Overseers of the Poor; and for appointing Collectors of the Poor's Rates, within the said Parish.

24. An Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters so far; as the same relates to the Realm of Great Britain.

25. An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, to sell their Taxes of certain Lands within the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, which have been or may be dug for Turf; and to apply the Money arising from such Sale, towards discharging the Bond Debts of the said Corporation upon Account of those Levels.

26. An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as prohibits Trade and Intercourse with the United States of America

27. An Act to ascertain and establish the Boundaries of and between the Hospital of Bridewell and the Precinct thereunto belonging, and the Parish of Saint Ann Blackfriars, in the City of London, as therein specified.

28. An Act for removing and preventing all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judicature; and for preventing any Writ of Error or Appeal from any of His Majesty's Courts in that Kingdom from being received, heard and adjudged, in any of His Majesty's Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

29. An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk.

30. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors.

31. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys and Passages, within the Parish of Saint Mary, at Rotherhithe otherwise Redriffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

32. An Act for amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish.

33. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey; and a Branch from the said Canal to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the County of Stafford.

34. An Act for removing certain Disabilities and Incapacities, occasioned by the Attainder of David Ogilvy of Airly Esquire.

35. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities; and for establishing a Lottery.

36. An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all Damages, Interest and Losses, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, and to allow further Time for such Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money; and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

37. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue for a limited Time so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and better recruiting His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers.

38. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Isis, at or near Leachblade, to join and communicate with the Stroudwater Canal at Walbridge, near the Town of Stroud; and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal at or near Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

39. An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

40. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia, and of the Clothing for the Serjeants and Drummers of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

41. An Act for impowering Persons navigating Vessels upon the River Trent, between a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to hale the same with Horses.

42. An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

43. An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Anne, and such Part of Cock Lane as lies in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

44. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual, and Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex.

45. An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary, and Circuit Courts in Scotland.

46. An Act for widening the North West End of Fenchurch Street, and the South End of the Old Jewry, within the City of London.

47. An Act for altering and varying the Powers of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Douglas alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to purchase the said River Navigation; for amending the said last mentioned Act; for incorporating and consolidating the said Two Navigations; and for other Purposes.

48. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses.

49. An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand; and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes; and also Stamp Duties on Receipts.

50. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army; and to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

51. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians.

52. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain.

53. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties therein mentioned, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to assess and levy certain Sums for relieving such of the Inhabitants of the said Counties as have been reduced to Indigence by the Failure of the last Year's Crop of Corn; and to enable His Majesty during the next Recess of Parliament, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation of Corn into the said Counties for a limited Time, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated by Foreign Seamen.

54. An Act for providing a proper Workhouse within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish.

55. An Act for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said Town; for regulating the Affairs of Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen and Porters, and the Prices of Carriage of Goods; for altering the time of lighting Lamps; for ascertaining the Breadth of Party Walls, and for preventing certain Nuisances within the said Town, Liberties and Precincts thereof; for amending an Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain Staiths in the said Act described; and for other Purposes.

56. An Act to allow the Drawback of the whole Duty of Customs upon the Exportation of Rice.

57. An Act for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not paid or the Goods exported within a limited Time.

58. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional and new Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and also for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties.

59. An Act to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellor: and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament.

60. An Act for further continuing so much of an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and, Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same, as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective Real Estates.

61. An Act for vesting in Henry Earl of Pembroke, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Hundred of Kynwardston, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Great Bedwyn and Burbage, in the County of Wilts; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

62. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines; and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty's Letters Patent.

63. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Stage Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned.

64. An Act for taking away from the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, the Power of compounding with Persons making Malt not to sell, but to be consumed in their own private Families.

65. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vest as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements and their Dependencies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and for vesting James Fort, in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British Forts and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for securing and regulating the Trade to Africa.

66. An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts and other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

67. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births and Christenings.

68. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

69. An Act to enable the Adjutant General of His Majesty's Forces, and the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

70. An Act for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to the private Distillation of British-made Spirituous Liquors; for explaining such Part of the Act, imposing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes.

71. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

72. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

73. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

74. An Act for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon plain Muslins, unrated Muslins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths.

75. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; and for granting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the Growth of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

76. An Act for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wines in this Kingdom; and to prevent the relanding of Refined Sugar entered for Exportation, to obtain the Drawback or Bounty.

77. An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

78. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

79. An Act for the further encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, in His Majesty's Islands and Plantations in America.

80. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties and Possessions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

81. An Act for preventing the Exportation of Corn, Grain or Meal, with a Bounty, during the Operation of Two Acts, passed in this present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Corn.

82. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer.

83. An Act for granting Relief to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing further time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to the Public, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Christmas One thousand seven hundred and eighty three; and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of Drawbacks on East India Goods.

84. An Act to enable His Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List.

85. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right Honourable Sir George Augustus Elliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country.

86. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, and the Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public.

87. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at Portsmouth; and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of His Majesty's Gunpowder Works and Mills, near the Town of Faversham.

88. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction, to certain Cases not therein mentioned.

89. An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

90. An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

91. An Act for paving and regulating Church Lane, in and near the Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel and Saint George in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues and Places, within the same Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, to raise Money to defray the Expenses incurred in repairing the Parish Church.

92. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from the same, to several Coal Mines; and also a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham.

93. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Sparrows Herne on Buthy Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhampstead, Saint Peter's and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

94. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York.

95. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Fourteenth and Twenty sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge in the County of York; so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge.

96. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford, to Cartgate in Martock, in the County of Somerset.

97. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Ninth and Twenty seventh Years of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water Side at Whitstable, in the County of Kent.

98. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross Houses, Glazeley and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester.

99. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors; and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford.

100. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks.

101. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned.

102. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening and repairing a Road from the North East Side of the Goswell Street Road next Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to The Dog House Bar, and at and from The Dog House Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground.

103. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Wetherby to Knaresborough, in the County of York.

104. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn at Newnham, in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of Newnham and Little Dean, to a Place called Saint White's, adjoining His Majesty's Forest of Dean, in the said County.

105. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford, to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

106. An Act for completing and keeping in Repair the Road from the Ram Inn, in the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through the Town of Tetbury, to Oldfield otherwise Woefield Corner, near the Sixteenth Mile Stone in the Bath Road, and a Road from thence through the Parishes of Cold Ashton and Swanswick, to or near Lambridge, in the Parish of Bath Easton, near the City of Bath; and for continuing the present Road from the said Corner to or near the Monument upon Lansdown, until the intended Road from the said Corner to or near Lambridge be made fit for travelling.

107. An Act to revive and render more effectual an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley otherwise Charnwood Forest, through the Town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate.

108. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for widening, repairing and amending the Road from Hesket, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth; and from thence, by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Keswick, in the County of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by Dummail Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland; and from Plumbgarth's Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the County of Westmoreland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland.

109. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for altering, widening and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton.

110. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, and the Eighth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road; and also of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Road leading to Highgate Gate House and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Management of the Trustees of the said Two first mentioned Acts.

111. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts made in the Second and Twenty fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 23 Georgii III.

1. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Turvey, in the County of Bedford.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields within the Township of Bernard Castle, in the County of Durham.

3. An Act for inclosing Dunnington Heath, within the Manor of Priors Salford, in the County of Warwick.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and a Parcel of Meadow Ground, within the Township of North Deighton, in the County of York.

5. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts.

6. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Frederick Ruete.

7. An Act for naturalizing David Emanuel Fasnacht.

8. An Act for naturalizing Ephraim Rinbold Seebl.

9. An Act for naturalizing Stephen Gideon Renaud and John Francis Daniel Renaud.

10. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing and leasing a Piece of Waste Land called The Marsh, within the Parish and Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford; and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rates of the said Parish and Borough.

11. An Act for naturalizing David Piffard.

12. An Act for vesting the Manor, or reputed Manor of Vininers otherwise Vinters, the Mansion House, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, being Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Lord Ongley, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses.

13. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of several Pieces or Parcels of Land in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there, called Richmond Park or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Thomas Pitt Esquire, and his Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration.

14. An Act for enabling William Pultney Esquire, to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County of Middlesex and City of London.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Stanford, in the County of Berks.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Town Fields, Commons, Moors and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Land, within the Manors of Henshaw and Melkeridge, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Roos in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

18. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Burton Hastings, in the County of Warwick.

19. An Act for dividing, inclosing and improving a certain Common or Waste Ground, within the Parish of Staunton upon Wye, in the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish.

20. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Williams, of the City of Exeter, Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to enable Richard Newman Harding Esquire, and his first and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Newman, pursuant to the Will of Richard Newman Esquire, deceased.

22. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hankey Esquire, with Elizabeth Thompson his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act for naturalizing John Urban Reybaz and Alexander Aubert.

24. An Act for naturalizing John James Tourneisen.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Land within the Parish of Church Lench, in the County of Worcester.

26. An Act to enable John Browne Esquire, and his Issue Male to take and use the Surname of Selby, pursuant to the Will of William Selby Esquire, deceased.

27. An Act for naturalizing Christian Hinrich Ruther.

28. An Act for impowering Nigel Bowyer Gresley Esquire, to lease Part of his settled Estates in Staffordshire, pursuant to an Agreement entered into with George Parker, and others, Iron Masters; and also to grant Leases of Lands and Mines within the same Estates.

29. An Act to enable Charles Duke of Norfolk, and others, to grant Building or Repairing Leases of certain Tenements, Houses and Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and in or near the Town of Arundel, in the County of Sussex.

30. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Dean and Chapter of Saint Paul's, London, and the College of Doctors of Law exercent in the Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Courts, for vesting certain Tenements in the City of London, called Doctor's Commons, held by the said College under the said Dean and Chapter by Leases for Years in the said College in Fee Simple, and reserving thereout a certain yearly Rent to the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors for ever.

31. An Act to enable Sir William Abdy Baronet, to grant Leases of his Estate at Horsey Down, in the County of Surrey.

32. An Act for vesting such Parts of the Real Estates of James Templer Esquire, deceased, as lie in the Counties of Hants, Wilts and Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Luther Esquire, in the County of Southampton, in the said John Luther in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof.

34. An Act to vest in Trustees, and their Heirs, certain Estates of John Hanbury Williams Esquire, situate in the County of Monmouth, in order to be sold, and the Purchase Money applied upon the Trusts and for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Manor and Parish of King Somborn, in the County of Southampton.

36. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs, Waste Lands and Commonable Places within the several Parishes of Odstock, Homington, West Harnham and Netherhampton, and certain Open Lands lying at the East End of the said Parish of Homington, in the County of Wilts.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boilstone, in the County of Derby.

38. An Act for the better ordering and regulating the manner of feeding, using, cultivating and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same.

39. An Act to establish an Agreement for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Waste Grounds, and for enfranchising certain Customary Estates within the Manor of Johnby, in the County of Cumberland.

40. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Andrew Bayntun Esquire, with Lady Maria Coventry his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act for naturalizing Isaac Lewis Miol.

42. An Act for naturalizing Margaretta Phillippina Wale and Mary Pemberton.

43. An Act for confirming, establishing and making effectual the Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford.

44. An Act to effectuate a Partition or Division of certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, heretofore the Estates of Jonathan Power Esquire, deceased.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Vicesimo Tertio GEORGII III. Regis.

---

AT the Parliament begun and Holden at Westminster, the Thirty-first Day of October, Anno Domini 4 AA 1780, in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by 4 JL JL the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland\ King, Defender of the Faith, £sV.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the fifth Day of December^ 17825 being the third Session of the fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain

CAP. I.

An Act to permit the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, upon Payment of the low Duties therein mentioned, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, ReciU| of jj Thar, from and after the fii ft Dav of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, whenever Geo. III. cap,’

the Price of middling British Wheat, at the Ports and Places where Wheat shall be imported into 43«

this Kingdom, shall appear, according to the Methods directed by the several Acts of Parliament fqr ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Corn and Grain imported, or as therein-after directed, to be at qr above forty-eight Shillings per Quarter; or whenever the Price of middling British Rye, Pease, or Bean$,

shall, in like Manner, appear respectively to be at or above thirty-two Shillings per Quarter \ or whenever the Price of middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, shall, in like Manner, appear respectively to bp at or above twenty-four Shillings per Quarter; or whenever the Price of middling British Oats shall,‘ in like Manner, appear to be at or above sixteen Shillings per Quarter; all Customs and Duties payable respectively upon Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Peas, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, and Oats, imported into this Kingdom, shall respectively cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, during the respect tive Continuance of such respective Prices as aforesaid; and, in lieu of the former Duties, a Duty of only Sixpence per Quarter shall belaid upon all Wheat; and a Duty of Two-pence for every hundred Weight of Wheat Flour; and aJDuty of Three-pence per Quarter shall be laid respectively upon all Rye, Peal'?,

and Beans; and a Duty of Two-pence per Quarter shall be laid respectively upon all Barley, Beer, and Bigg; and a Duty of Two-pence per Quarter shall be laid upon all Oats imported into such Ports and Places, during the Continuance of the Prices aforesaid: And whereas it may be expedient to permit the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal,

upon Payment of the said last mentioned Duties, for a limited Time ;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after From Dec. *5, the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall and may be lawful 178a, Wheat, for any Person or Persons to import, into any Part of Great Britain, any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Wheat Flour, Flour, Bariev, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, from any Country or Place Whatsoever, in any jBri- &c

tish Ship or Vessel legally navigated, or in any foreign Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in orneutralVef-Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by foreign Seamen, upon Payment of the fcU, upon Pay-several and respective Duties last mentioned, together with the additional Duties of five Pounds per Centum^ rarnt of the Du-and five Pounds per Centum upon the said Duties; such Duties to be levied, collected, paid, and applied in ?ic’ ment, oned the same Manner as the former Duties were before the making of this Act; and such Wheat, Wheat Flour,

Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Com, Grain, or Meal, shall, in all other Respects not altered the twoaddi-by this Act, be subject and liable to the same Rules and Regulations as the same now are or may be liable tionai 5perCentt to by Law; any Act or Acts of Parliament made for regulating the Importation of Corn or Grain, or any on Duiic*. Restriction, Provision, Regulation, or other Matter or Thing in the same Acts contained, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

* ’by

286

C*rn, Sec. imported before the passing of this Act, end warehoused, may be taken oot, Sec, on Payment of the Duties*

Continuance of

this Act*

[Preamble.]

Recital of It Geo. III. cap* S4*

The recited Act continued to the End of the pre-fefctScftuft*

C. 2 - 5. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

II. And be it farther enacted by the Atrtbomy aforesaid, That any Sort of Corn, Grain, or Floor, which may have been imported before the passing of this Act, and which shall be remaining in any Ware-house in Great Britain, under the joint Locks of the King, and the Importer or Proprietor of such Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall and may, during the Contiauanoe of this Act, be taken out of such Warehouses in order to be used or consumed in Great Britain, upon Payment of the last mentioned low and additional Duties, in like Manner, and subject to the same Regulations as such Corn, Grain, or Flour, would be subject and liable to if the same had been imported alter the said twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

III. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of jlugo/li one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, for that Part of Great Britain called England\ and until the twenty-fifth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. II.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent his Majestys Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain.

[Continued during the present Holiduics.2

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

4 n

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for refraining Sir 4 y, Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going cut of this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the (ransporting or alienating the fame: / And whereas by the said Act (after reciting that a Bill was then depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and high Crimes and Misdemeaners, commuted by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Commitne of the Settlement of Port St, George, on the Coast of Coromandel in the East Indies \ and therefore, to the End that the Persons, and Estates real and personal, of the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter

Perring Esquire, might be secured, so as to answer and be liable io Justice in Parliament), it was enacted, That the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Liquire, or either of them, should

I4 not go or depart out of the Kingdom before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred / and eighty-threev and that they (hcu)d each of them respectively, before the Time by the said Act limited, enter into certain Recognizances with Sureties in Manner and in the respective Penalties therein mentioned and described; upon Condition that if either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, or Peter Perring Esquire, who should enter into such Recognizance, should not go or depart out of this Kingdom before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, then such Recognizance should be void, or otherwise the same should remain in Force and in case either of them, should neglect to enter into such Recognizances within the limited Time, each of them so neglecting^ should be committed to the Prison of the Fleet for the Time mentioned in the said Act; or if either of them should go or depart out of this Kingdom before the said first Day of February, one thousand seven, hundred and eighty-three* each of them lo offending, and all Persons willingly aiding and assisting to such Departure, should forfeit alL their EstatesAnd whereas several Provisions were contained in the said Act for discovering the Estates and Effects of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, and for preventing the transporting, incumbering, or alienating the same, until the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, except as in the said Act was excepted: And whereas the said Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, is still depending in Parliament, and it is therefore expedient ih^t the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, which will be in Force only to the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, should be continued, in order and to the End that their Persons, and Estates real and peifonah may be secured, so as to answer and be liable to

Justic? in Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for njlrnininz Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time* and for

discovering

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6.

discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same, shall, and is herd'/ declared to have Continuance until the End of this preferu Session of Parliament, with respect to all tho Orders, Regulations, Powers, Prohibitions, Disabilities, Restrictions, Exceptions, Matters, and Things, by the said Act directed and provided to be made, had, done,' observed, and performed before the said first Day of February, one’ thousand seven hundred and eiglvy~three; and also with respedi to the more effectual Discovery of the Estates and Effects of the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Pet ring Esquire,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, shall each of them respectively, before the tenth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in due Form of Law, severally enter into one or more Recognizance or Recognizances to his Majesty, with two or more sufficient Sureties each, before the Lord Chief Baron, or one other of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or any Master in Chancery, or any Mafier Extraordinary in Ch^nceiy, in the respective Penalties herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) in the Penalty of one hundred thousand Pounds for the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and in the Penalty of fi ty thousand Pounds for the Sureties of him the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baroner, no one of such Sureties being in a less Penalty than ten thousand Pounds; and in the Penalty of fifty thousand Pounds for the said Peter Peering Esquire, and in the Penalty of twenty thousand Pounds for the Sureties of him the said Peter Perring Esquire, no one of such Sureties being in a less Penalty than five thousand Pounds; which said several Recognizances shall be made upon this Condition, that it either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, or Peter Pening Esquire, who shall enter into such Recognizance, shall not go or depart out of this Kingdom before the End of this present Session of Parliament then such Recognizance shall be void, otherwise the same shall remain in Force; for the taking, entering, and inrolling of which Recognizance or Recognizances, th said Lord Chief Baron or Baron, or Matter or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, shall take ten Shillings, and no more, for each Recognizance, besides the Stamp-duty: And in case the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, or either of them, shall oegle& to enter into such Recognizance or Recognizances before the said tenth Day of February, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, each of them Jo ne-gledling shall, by the said Lord Chief Baron, or any Baron of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, be comm tred to the Prison of the Fleet, there to rema;n without Bail or Mainprize until the End of this present Session of Parliament, or until he the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, shall repetitively enter into such Recognizance or Recognizances with Sureties as aforesaid; and the said Chief Baron or Baron is hereby respectively authorised and required to issue his Warrant or Warrants for that Purpose: And if either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter'Perring Esquire, shall, before the End of this present Session of Parliament, go or depart ouf of this Kingdom, each of them reflectively so offending, and all and every other Person or Persons who shall willingly be aiding and affilling to such Departuie of either of them out of this Kingdom, shall forfeit to the King, his Heirs and Successors, all and singular his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all and fiqgular his, her,' or their personal Estate and Effects, of what Kind or Nature soever.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Continuance of this Act, and the several Provisions herein contained, may be abridged, repealed, altered, or varied, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and be ju dicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

287

Sir Thomas Rumbold rone?. and tcr Perring Esquire, to enter into Recogtr-tmees not tode- part jthe Kingdom before the End of the p*c-sent Session.

On Failure - 3 thereof, to^t w coro*n4.ted-ta the Fleet Piifont'

Penalty dfl their

Departure out of the Kingdom before the End of this present Session.

The Continuance of this Act, &c. may he altered.

[Publick Act.]

CAP. VI.

An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; and to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have,' by Experience, been found useful and bene- fici.il, and are near expiring;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as re- x$o moch dilates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America, and for extending the same to io Geo. UK the Naval Officers there, which was to be in Force from the fir it Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and frventy, for the Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by three Acts made in the twelfth, fourteenth, and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued urril the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session or Parliament;

shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of.

August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session __

[Preamble,

caP* 37-as relttet to regulating the

Fee of Cuf* tom-house Officert in A meric*, further continued until

288

So moeh of. 16 Geo. III. cap. 37.

a* relates to allowing the [Exportation of Wheat, &c« to his Majes* tv’s Sugar Coloniti ill America, further coo-tinned until Way f, 1784,

So much of 17 Geo. III. cap. 43.

as penniti the Exportation of Tobacco* pipe Clay to the Sugar Colonies, further continued until Juie 14,17*7, &c.

20 Geo. III. cap. 15.

farther continued until &?3h 97*6*

[Preamble,

Act 6 Geo. II, cag, *9*

further con$» sued until June 24, 1794.

C. 7-^9. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of «n Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to Elis Majestys Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena,*and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, bay Chalrur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majestys Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles; as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force until the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven 5 and which, by several Acts made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- three; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raiftns, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the Weft l-vli v*, for a limited Time, as permits the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies', which was to continue in Force until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a limited Time*, which was to continue in Force until the thirty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the thirty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Regulation of Lajlage and Ballastage in the River Thames, which was to continue in Force from the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, for five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof for eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, was further continued from the Expiration thereof for eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four* and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. IX.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Rice, Paddy, Indian Corn, Indian Meal and Maize, free from Duty, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS allowing the free Importation of Rice, Paddy, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, into Great Britain, for a limited Time, will be of great Advantage, and may be the Means of encouraging the making of Starch from Rice f may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted 3

C. io, 11.

289

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,^ and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Per- From the passing

son or Persons to import into Great Britain, at any Time or Times before the thirtieth Day of September,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, any Rice, Paddy, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, ptddyj*

from any Country or Place whatsoever, in any British Ship or Vessel legally navigated, or in any foreign duoCo*n, &c.

Ship or Vessel, belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may be imported

navigated by foreign Seamen, without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Imposition whatso- Duty-free;

ever* any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwich-

standing.

il. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Entry shall be made, in such Manner and provided dueFa-Form as were practised or used before the making of this Act, of all Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, try thereof be which shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, by virtue of this Act, before the said thirtieth Day made on impoxt-of September, at the Custom-house belonging to the Port into which the same shall be imported or brought alioa# in; or otherwise, in Default of making such Entry, such Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, shall be liable to such and the same Duties at were payable upon the Importation thereof before the making of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, may be carried coastwise, under such Regulations as Wheat, Wheat Flour, and Pulse, of the Growth of this Kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coastwise, at all Times before the said thirtieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. X.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

[Further continued to March 25, 1784.]

CAP. XI.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco; to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages; to repeal such Part of the Proviso in an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish Wines, and other Wines (except French Wines) to be imported in small Casks for private Use; and for taking off the Inland Duty payable upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, upon the Exportation thereof as Merchandize.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King PretmWc/

George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco; it is, 24. Geo. II. cap. 4 amongst other Things enacted, That no Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks exceeding twenty-four Pounds +1. recited. f> i, Weight, nor any Snuff exceeding ten Pounds Weight, shall be in any Form or Manner whatsoever re-

moved, carried, or conveyed by Land, from any Port or Place of Importation in Great Britain^ to any other i0> I Port or Place within this Kingdom, without a Certificate being first had and obtained from the Collector

l and Comptroller, or other chief Officers at the Port or Place where the Tobacco was imported, that the

V1 Duties thereof were paid or secured in the Manner directed by the said Act: And whereas great Quantities of Tobacco are clandestinely run on Shore at several of the Out Ports of this Kingdom, and such Tobacco,

t 4 and great Quantities of Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff manufactured from Tobacco, so clandestinely run on

oitf i Shore, are afterwards removed from such Out Ports, to other Ports and Places in the Country and from I thence conveyed into London, and Parts adjacent thereto, without the Certificates directed by the said re- cited Act, under a Pretence that such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff, are not removing from the \ii£ \ 4 Port or Place of Importation, whereby the good Purposes intended by the said Act have been and may be*

defeated, to the great Prejudice of the public Revenue and the fair Trader For Remedy whereof, may it

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s rood Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, From March x$, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, exceeding twenty-four Pounds noTobac* Weight, nor any Snuff exceeding ten Pounds Weight, which shall have been removed or carried by Land *°» or Tobacco from the Port or Place of Importation in Great Britain* to any other Port or Place within this Kingdom, shall be afterwards removed or carried to any other Port, Town, or Place whatofever in Great Britain, without a Snuff exceeding Certificate being first had and obtained from the Collector and Comptroller, or the chief Officer of the io!b which hat Customs at the Port or Place from which such Goods are intended to be so removed; but if there ^eenr!moJled is not any Officer of the Customs residing at such Place, from the then Officer of Excise for the Division with nation'

whom the former Certificate was entered, that it appears to them, by the Entries of the Certificate or Cer- ^afier.0’

tificates in their Books upon their former Removal, that the Duties for such Tobacco or Snuff, or that ward* remold the Duties for the Tobacco from which such Tobacco Sulks or Snuff were respectively dripped or manufac- without a proper

lured. Certificate.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

290

Collector of the Custorrf, &c. may ad mini ft cr Oathi.

The Certificate to accompany the Goods.

All Tobacco, Tobacco Siaiki, and Snuri*, removed contrary to this 01 the *e-ciled Act, shall be so, (cited.with the Cartle, Carriages, A r. conveying the lame.

Regulations, &c. of the reci'ed Act to W applied in txecuuon of this Act,

From 5,

178^, no Currants dal I fcc imported inary Ufa Package than Five Hundred Weight,

on Penalty of Forfeiture thereof.

Exception relative to Currants to be con (timed on 8uaid.

C. 11.

A.D. 1783.

tured, as the Case may be, were paid or secured at the Port of Place of Importation; and also by what Carriage such Goode, and every Part thereof, came, and were before removed as aforesaid, and the Time when; and also that the Person or Persons who shall apply to him or them for such Certificate had made Oath to the Truth thereof: And before any such Certificate shall be granted, the Proprietor of such Tobacco* Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, or the Fad' r or Agent applying for the same, shall describe and insert on the Ba^k r>f such Certificate, in a fair and leg ble Manner, the Names of each particular Package in which such Goods are contained, together with the particular hLrks and Nu nbers set on each Package, and also the true and exact Weight ot each particular Species of Goods contained in each particular Package, and the Place from whence the same are to be delivered and to which and by what Carriage ihey are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the Name of the Person or Persons to whom the Goods are consigned; to which such Proprietor, Factor, or Agent, shall fub etibe his, her, or their Name or Names, and make Oath to the Truth thereof: Which respective Oaths hertin-before directed, the Col left r and Comptroller or other principal Officers of the Customs, or the Officer of Fxci'e granting such Certificate, is and are hereby authorize and empowered to administer: And the Certificate lo granted shall express the Number of Days it shall continue in Force; and the Officers granting such Certificate, after writing the same off their Books in a Book to be kept by him or them for that Purpose, are hereby directed to deliver such Certificate to the Person or Persons who shall apply to them for the same, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever for such Certificate, or for administering the Oaths hereby required, on Pain of firfeitin® the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Offence, and to transmit a Duplicate of such Certificate to the Register general of Tobacco at London or Edinburgh respectively: And the said Certificate so granted shall accompany the Goods to the Place where, and be delivered to the Person to whom such Goods shall be consigned, who, upon receiving the same, shall cause such Certificate to be delivered to the chief Officer of the Cullums, if any such there be, and n case there be no Officer of the Customs, then to the Officer of Excise of the Division whereunto such Goods are carried and conveyed; and such Officer is thereby docked to examine the same with the Goods, and if they agree therewith, the Goods may be taken away and disposed of by the Person or Persons to whom of Right they belong; and such Officer is thereupon to enter such Certificate distinctly in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and transmic the original Certificate to the Register-general of Tobacco at London or Edinburgh respectively,

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks exceeding twenty-four Pounds Weight, or any Snuff exceeding ten Pounds We ght, from and after the said twenty fifth Day of Marche shall be removed or found removing by Land or by Water, at the same, Time, either in one or several Parcels or Packages, from any Port or Place whatsoever in this Kingdom, whether it shall be the Port or Place of Importation or not, to any other Port, Town, or Place, in Great Britain, wirnout the Certificate required by this or the before recited Act; or f the Person or Persons removing such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, shall not produce such Certificate to any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise who shall require to see the same, all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, and the Casks, Chests, cases, or other Package, containing the same, together with the Horses, Caere, Carts, Wa gons, Boats, Barges, and all other Carriages whatsoever, cmplo\ ed or in anywise made use of in the removing any Carriage or Conveyance of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, or any or either of them, shall oe forfeited and lost; and the several Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions duelled in, and the several Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishmems inflicted determined by, the said recited Act, wnh respect to or against the Removal of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, by Land, from the Pit of Importation, and the Mode of proceeding therein directed for the Recovery thereof, and punishing the Offenders against that Act, shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution with respect to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, removed or found removing contrary to this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses in the said Act relative thereto had been again repeated and enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And whereas great Quantities of Currants are imported into Great Britain in Rolls and other small Packages, and are condeftinely run on Shore without Payment of the Duties due for the same, to the Diminution of the publick Revenue, and the Prejudice of the fair Trader: for Remedy whereof, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Currants shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any Place beyond the Seas, upon any Pretence whatsoever, otherwise than ioofe in Hogslheads or other Ccfks, each of which shall contain five hundred Weight Avoirdupois of net Currants at the lead, 'and shall not be packed in Rolls, Bagv or in any other Packages, within such Hogshead or Cask, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Curiants as shall be imported, or brought or found‘on Board any Ship or Vessel within any Port, Harbour, or Cieek, within this Kingdfun, contrary to this Act, together with the P ^ck^ge containing the Lmc; and such Currants shall and may be fei^td by any Offi er or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and prosecuted in any Court of Record at Westminster^ or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinbu'gh respectively; one Moiety of which Forfeiture, after dtdufting the Changes of Con- ciemnation anu Sale of such Cui rants, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successora, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall (cize such Currants and prosecute for the same.

IV. Provided nevertheless and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the IV!after of any Ship or Vessel coming from any Port or Place from whence Currants have been and are usually brought into this Kingdom, to import and have on Board any Quantity of Currants not exceeding five hundred Weight, for the Use of and to be consumed on Board such Ship of Vessel, provided such Currants shall be reported at the Custom-house, and (lowed openly in the Ship without Fraud or Concealment, and shall be packed Ioofe in an Hogshead or other Ca/k capable of containing

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 12, 13. 291

tlining five hundred Weight net of Cwnmts, hut not otherwise; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Reettalof 18 Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty JevtraJ additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar Geo. III. cap.

imported into this Kingdom, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Wines of the Growrh or Produce of any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Spain or Portugal* and that no French Wines fibouW be imported or brought into Great Britain in any (mailer Vessel or Cask than what is commonly called an Hogshead, in which such Wines have been usually imported, upon Forfeiture of all such Wines as should be imported contrary to the said Act, together with the Casks, and other Package containing the same (except as therein-after was provided): And whereas by the said Act it was provided that any French Wines may be imported in Bottles, or that any Wines may be imported in fmaHer Casks than is therein-before limited, without Fraud or Concealment, for private Use, and not by way of Merchandize, any Thing in the said Act, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas the said Proviso has induced the Masters of Vessels and other Persons to import great Quantities of Portugal and Spanish Wines in small C<*(ks, and, under the Pretence that such Wines are imported for private Use, great Quantities are clandestinely run on Shore without Payment of any Duty, to the Prejudice of the kevenue, and Detriment of the fair Trader For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, From Marrbit one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the said Proviso in the said Act, made in the eighteenth Year 17 & 3,* Proviso of his Majesty's Reign, herein-before recited, by which it is provided that any French Wines may be in the aid Act imported in Bottles, or that any Wines may be imported in fmailer Casks than is by the said Act before Itpeiled*' limited, for private U'e, and not by way of Merchandize, so far as the same relates to Portugal or Spanish Wines, or any other Wines, except French Wines, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made Exception, void.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- Redtil ofai

tuled. An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain and for granting certain Geo. III. cap*

Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, 55-

and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Cortmnjf oners of Exctfe, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional

Duties imposed on Malt \ and for ref. ifying a Mistake, in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament v

vith respect to the exempting oj Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties,

of Excifit imposed by the said Act; an inland Duty of Eighteen Pence was imposed upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and fn that Proportion for a g eater or letter Quantity, of Cocoa Nuts then im-

Sported or thereafter <0 be imported into this Kingdom-, and by the said Act only Four Fifths of the said Duty are to be repaklon the Exportation of the said Cocoa Nuts, which in Experience hath been found to

4‘ be a D ifeou rage men t to the Exportation of the same For Rcmcdv thereof, be it enacted by the Authority ufortf^id, That, from and after the twenty fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and From March tighty-three, all such Cocoa Nuts as shall then have been, or shall hereafter be, legally imported into this ortedto

Kingdom, and which shall be afterwards exported to any foreign Parts as Merchandize, and which shall beU*u"Pcd the have been duly entered, and for which the several Imports due on the Importation thereof shall have been full Dumc* pay-id or secured ro be pa.d, and which dull have been lodged or secured in such Warehouse or Ware- abieo*import*-

uses as by the above recited Act, or by any other therein referred unto, is directed and required, shall tioa-thereof,

and may, from and after tly* said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, upon due Entry thereof being made by the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Cocoa Nuts, or by such Person or Persons whom they shall appoint for that Purpose, be delivered out of any such Warehouse for the respective Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by him, her, or them, and who shall before such Delivery have duly entered the same for Exportation* without Payment being made of the said inland Duty imposed by the said Act on the Odd Cocoa Nuts; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof in any^wise notwithstanding; such Proprietor or Proprietors, of other Efp0(ffr 10 Person or Persons exporting the said Cocoa Nuts, having first given such and the like Bond*, for the due and g)Ve such Bonds, fair Exportation thereof, and so produce such Certificates, and to make such Proofs, as are required See. »are re-to be given, entered into, produced and made, by the before recited Act of the twenty-first Year of his 8uircd br‘be last Majesty's Reign, on the Exportation of Cocoa Nuts, in pursuance of the D.iieftions of that Act. recacd

CAP. XII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service.of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

£1,000,000%

CAP. XIII.

An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln and Nottingham.

WHEREAS certain Lands and Grounds fituafe within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts pmnbie,1 adjacent, in the Counties of Fork, Lincoln, and Nottingham, having heretofore been subject to be overflowed, several Powers and Provisions have, from Time to Time, been granted and made, for the 1

draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds* under the Conttoul, Management, and Directwn

1 ‘of

292 C. 13*

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Commission-os of Sewers authorised to make a new Draining Sluice*

Bridges to be made over the new Drain, if necessvy.

Power to get Materials*

Recompence to be made for Damages to be ascertained by Arbitrators.

of the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Level and Parts adjacent) and great Progress hath been made therein, and the said Lands and Grounds have been very considerably improved j^but the Powers and

Provisions granted and made as aforesaid, have not been sufficient for effectually draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds: And whereas the said Level and Parts adjacent, might be better drained

and preserved if the said Commissioners of Sewers were impowered to make a new Outfall Drain from a certain Drain or River within the said Level called The North River, to the River Trent, in the said County of Lincoln, and also a Sluice or Clough in the Bank of the said River Trent: And whereas the Lands and Grounds belonging to, or held by or in Trust for the Participants of the said Level, are fub- jed to and chargeable with the Expences of draining and preserving the said Level and Parts adjacent: And whereas the said Participants are willing and desirous that the said new additional Outfall Drain and Sluice or Clough should be made, and that the Expence thereof should be laid and raised in like Manner as the other Expences of draining and preserving the said Level and Parts adjacent, are laid and raised: But, although the making the said new additional Outfall Drain and Sluice or Clough, will

be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors of the several Lands and Grounds situate within the said Level and Parts adjacent, which are liable to be overflowed as aforesaid, the fame

cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Level of Hatfield Chau, and Parts adjacent, or any fix or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised and required, as soon as conveniently may be, to cause a new Outfall Drain to be made, dug, and opened, in such Line or Direction as they shall think proper, from the said North River (at the Distance of about one hundred and twenty Chains above Allhorpe Sluice) through or along the South-east Corner of Crowle Common, in the Township of Crowley in the County of Lincoln 5 and also through or along certain Lands belonging to Joshua Dunn, Esquire j and a Piece of Ground called Kcadby Summe?‘ Pa/lure, belonging to the said JoJlma. Dunn and others; and Lands belonging to Robert Adumjon and Richard Richardson; and a Piece of Land belonging to the Constable of Kcadby called The Constable's Piece, in the Township of Kcadby, in the said County of Lincoln, to join and communicate with the said River Trent, at or near the South End of the Town of Kcadby aforesaid; which said new Outfall Drain shall be at ieaft thirty Feet wide at the Bottom, and the same shall be of such Depth, and shall be floped and battered on each Side, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, shall think neceflkry and proper; and the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, shall, and are hereby also authorised and required to cause a new Outfall Sluice or Clough to be built and erected in the Bank of the said River Trent, for conveying the Water from the said intended new Drain into the River Trent; which said new Sluice or Clough shall be of the Width of sixteen Feet at the Iraft in the Water Way, and the Floor thereof shall be laid six Inches at the lead lower than the Low Water Mark at the Outfall; and also to cause a good and sufficient Bank to be made on each Side of the said intended new Drain two Feet at the least higher than the highest Water Mark in the said Drain; so that the Lands and Grounds within the Town-ships of Crovjle and Keadby aforesaid, shall be thereby secured and defended from any Injury or Damage, by means of the said new Drain and Sluice or Clough.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, by the making of the said intended new Drain and other Works, the Passage of any Person or Persons, or of his or their Cattle or Carriages, to or from the Lands or Grounds of such Person or Persons, shall be interrupted or prevented, the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, shall, and are hereby required, before the said Drain and other Works before-mentioned shall be completed, to cause such Bridge or Bridges to be erected and made across the said Drain, as the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, shall judge proper and convenient for the Passage of the Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds respectively, and of his and their Cattle and Carriages, to and from the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, or any Person or Persons to be by them appointed for that Purpose, to get, dig, take, and carry away, any Earth, Clay, Sand, Gravel, Stones, or other Materials, proper, requisite, and convenient for making, carrying on, and completing the Drain and other Works herein- before directed to be made in, from, or over any Common or Waste Ground, or the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being the Scite of a House, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House) and to place, lay, and depofire any such Earth, Clay, Sand, Gravel, Stonts, or o her Materials, upon any Lands or Grounds lying near to the said intended new Drain; and also to do and perform all such other Works, Matters, and Things, as the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, shall from Time to Time think proper and necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised and required to make such Recompence and Satisfaction for the Loss or Damage which shall be occasioned to such Part or Paris of the said Crowle Common, through, over, or upon which the said Dram, and other Works before-mentioned, shall be made, or in or upon which any Materials shall be gor, carried, laid, or deposited as aforesaid, as shall be ascertained and determined by two disinterestd Persons, to be named and appointed Arbitrators for that Purpose, one by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, at a Court of Sewers to be holden for that Purpose, and the ocher by the Lady of the Manor of Crowle aforesaid, her Heirs or Assigns, or her or their Agent; and also to make such Recompence and Satisfaction to the several Owners and Proprietors of the other Lands or Grounds, through, over, or upon which the said Drain, and other Works before-mentioned, (halite made, or in or upon which any Materials shall be got, carried, laid, or deposited as aforesaid, for the Loss

293

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 13.

or Damage which shall be occasioned thereby* as shall be ascertained and determined by two disinterested Persons, to be named and appointed Arbitrators for that Purpose, one by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, at a Court of Sewers to be holden for that Purpose, and the other by the said Joshua Dunn, Robert Adamson, and Richard Richardson, their respective Heirs or Assigns; and the said Arbitrators (halJ, and are hereby required, by such Ways and Means as they shall think proper, to ascertain and determine the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made as before-mentioned; but in case the Lady of the Manor of Crowle aforesaid, her Heirs or Assigns, and her or their Agent, or the said Joshua Dunn,

Robert Adamson, and Richard Richardson, their respective Heirs and Aligns, shall neglect: or refuse to name and appoint such Arbitrators or Arbitrator respectively, within the Space of fourteen Days next after they shall be thereunto respectively required, by Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, to be delivered to the said Lady of the Manor of Crowle, her Heirs or Assigns, or her or their Agent, and to the said Joshua Dunn, Robert Adamson, and Richard Richardson, their respective Heirs or Assigns, within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Drain and other Works herein-before directed to be made shall be perfected and completed, then such respective Recompence and Satisfaction shall be ascertained and determined by the Arbitrator who shall be named and appointed by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them; and lie is hereby required to ascertain and determine the same by such Ways and Means as he shall think proper.

V. Provided always, That in case two Arbitrators shall have been named and appointed for ascertain- jf the ing and determining any Matter to be referred to them as before-mentioned, and they shall not agree in trators d;f-Opinion concerning the same, then the said Arbitrators shall, and are hereby required, before the Expi- agree »n Operation of three Calendar Months next after they shall have been named and appointed, to nominate and nion> th7 appoint some disinterested Person to act as Umpire between them, which Umpire shall, and is hereby re-

quired, by such Ways and Means as he shall think proper, to ascertain and determine the Matter which a

shall have been referred to such Arbitrators; and the Arbitrators or Arbitrator, or Umpire, making any !such Determination, shall, and are or is hereby required, within three Calendar Months next after they or he shall be named and appointed as aforesaid, to make their or his Awards or Award, concerning the Premises, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, and to deliver the same to the Clerk to the said ‘Commissioners, and also to deliver Duplicates thereof, signed by them or him, to the respective Persons to whom such Recompence and Satisfaction is directed to be paid as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, That if the said Arbitrators or Arbitrator, or Umpire, shall not deliver their or his jf the Arbi-Award or Determination as before-mentioned, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after trators or Um-being so appointed as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, shall, pi* flialinot and are hereby authorised and required to issue a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to ^Uj^acer the Sheriff of the said County of Lincoln, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to impannel, summon, and return a fury of twenty-four honest and the Recorn-indifferent Men, qualified to try Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Weslmi after, to appear before the pence to be said Commissioners, or any fix or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or War- settled by a rants (hdl be appointed, not being less than twenty-one Days after such Warrant shall be served; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, shall cause twelve to be drawn by Ballot, who shall be the fury for the Purpose aforesaid; and all the Parties interested shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, when they come to be sworn; and if by Means of the said Challenges, or other Cause, there shall happen -not to be a sufficient Number of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, to make a Jury of twelve, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any fix or more of them,* and they are hereby required to add a sufficient Number of such honed and indifferent Wen, as shall happen to be present (and who shall also be liable to be set aside upon the lawful Challenges of the said Parties) to the Persons so drawn by Ballot as aforesaid, till they have made up the Number twelve: Which Jury, upon their Oaths, to be administered by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them (w io are hereby impowered to administer the same) shall, by Writing under their Hands, ascertain and determine the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made as before-mentioned; and the Awards and Determinations of the said Arbitrators or Arbitrator, or Umpire, or of the said Jury, to be made as before directed, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, unto and upon all and every the Parties interested.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Recompence and Satisfaction, to be ascertained and deter- Payment of mined as aforesaid, for or in respect of the said CrovAe Common, shall be paid by the said Commissioners Purchase Mo-of Sewers, oc any fix or more of them, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the Town- niy and Rc* ship of Crowle aforesaid and shall be laid out and expended by him or them in repairing such of the High- jon^ence for ways within the said Township, as are chargeable for the Repairs thereof upon the said Crowle Common; rc^fcS end that the Recompence and Satisfaction, to be ascertained and determined as aforesaid, for or in respect of any Lands or Grounds belonging to the said JcJJma Dunn, Robert Adamson, and Richard Richardson,

shall be paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, to the said Joshua Dunn,

Robert Adamson, and Richard Richardson, their respective Heirs and Assigns, according to their respective Rights and interests therein; and that the Recompence and Satisfaction, to be ascertained and determined as aforesaid, for or in respect of the said Keadby Summer Pafiure, shall be paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the Township of Keadby aforesaid, and shall be laid out and expended by him or them, in repairing such of the Highways, within the said Township, as are chargeable for the Repairs thereof, upon the said Keadby Summer Pafiure; and that the Recompence and Satisfaction, to be ascertained and determined as aforesaid, for or in respect of the said Piece of Land, called The Constable's Piece, shall be laid Out and applied by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, for the Benefit of the Constable oi

*94-

Power to »ffef'i the Lands of the Tarti-c’pants for the Pnrpjfet of this Act,

Tenants to pay the Taxes, and drdu£t the same out of their Rents.

No Act of the Commissioners to be fa-lid, unlefr done at a Court of Sewers j and Proceedings to be entered in Books of Records of Sew-

€15.

Works to be repaired and supported by the Participants,

Farmer Securitas not to be atf'e&ed.

Owners of adjacent Lands may make Drains to communicate vnth the said new Drain.

The Lord of the Manor of Keadby may navigate upon the new Drain, and shall be intitled to the Wood upon the Common*

C. 13. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Keadby aforesaid, for the Time being, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and that the Recompence and Satisfaction, to be ascertained and determined as aforesaid, for or in respect of any other Lands or Grounds, shall be paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, to the respective Owners and Proprietors of such Lands or Grounds; and all such Recompence and Satisfaction shall, within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the same shall be ascertained and determined, in pursuance of this Act, be paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, in Manner before directed, out of the Money herein after authorised to be raised and collected; and that the Land or Ground, which shall be flaked or set out as the Line of the new Drain, or other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, shall, from and after the same shall be (b staked or set out, be, and the same is hereby vested in the said Participants, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, to assess, rate, and charge the several Lands and Grounds within the said Level, belonging tt> the said Participants, with such annual Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be sufficient for paying and defraying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and also of carrying on and effecting the several Works herein-before dire3ed, in like Manner as the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any of them, can or may assess, rate, or charge thp fame Lands or Grounds, for the Support and Preservation of the prefect Works of Drainage, within the said Level and Parts adjacent; so that such Sum or Sums of Money, so to be assessed, rated, and charged upon the said respective Lands and Grounds, or upon the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof, in pursuance of this Act, as before-mentioned, do and shall bear an equal Proportion with the respective Sums of Money, heretofore rated and charged upon or in respe3 of the same Lands and Grounds respectively, for the Support and Preservation of the present Works of Drainage, within the said Level and Parts adjacent.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Rates or Sums of Money to be assessed, rated, and charged, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, by virtue of this Act, shall be paid by the respective Tenants or Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds which shall be charged with the fame; and such Tenants or Occupiers shall and may, and are hereby authorised and impowered to retain and deduct the same out of the Rents payable by them respectively to the Owners or Proprietors of such Lands and Grounds; and the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, shall have and exercise such and the like Powers and Remedies, for recovering Payment of the Rates or Sums of Money so to be assessed, rated, and charged by them as aforesaid, when the same shall be in Arrear, as by the Laws now in being relating to Sewers, are granted to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any of them, for the recovering the Arrears of any Taxes, or Rates of Sewers.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any of them, in the Execution of this Act, shall be valid, unless made or done at a Court of Sewers, to be holden for the said Level and Parts adjacent; and all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners of Sewers, made in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in the Book of Records of the Court of Sewers for the said Level and Parts adjacent; and such Orders and Proceedings, when entered, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeals, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings, touching any Thing which shall be done in pursuance of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when the said new Drain, and all other the Works herein-before directed to be made by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any fix or more of them, shall be made and perfected, the same shall be for ever afterwards cleansed, scoured, repaired, maintained, and supported, under the Controul, Direction, Survey, Order, and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Level and Parts adjacent, by and at the Expence of the said Participants, in like Marnier as the other Works of Drainage within the said Level are or ought to be cleansed, scoured, repaired, maintained, and supported by them.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend in fcnywife to affect, impeach, or lessen, any Right or Priority of Claim which any Person or Persons, who is or are entitled to the Money borrowed for the Purpose of draining and preserving the said Level and Parts adjacent, on the Security of the Lands and Grounds belonging to, or held by or in Trust for the Participants of the said Level, now hath or have upon such Lands and Grounds, in respect of the Money so borrowed and advanced, and the Interest thereof; but that such Lands and Grounds shall, in the (lift Place, be subject and liable to the Payment of such Money, and the interest for the fame; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ‘Jnjloua Dunn, Robert Adamson, and Richard Richardson, their respective Heirs and Assigns, and other the Owners and Proprietors of Lands through which the said new Drain shall be cut, to make any Drain or Drains, in or through, and for the Drainage of their respective Lands in the Township of Kcadly aforesaid, to communicate with the new Drain herein-before directed to be made, and for that Purpose to build and erect such Cloughs and Sluices in the Bank of the said new Drain, as they shall think proper: And also that it shall be lawful for the said Joshua Dunny his Heirs and Assigns, at all Times, to boat, fail, or navigate in or upon the said new Drain; and also to take to his and their own use all the Wood which shall be dug up, or cut down, in the said Keadby Summer PoJiure% or in any Commons or W;.fle Lands within the Manor of aforesaid, in making the said new Drain, and to have the exclusive Right of fishing the rein: Provided never-theless, that the said Joshua Dunn, Robert Adamson* and Richard Richardson, their Heirs or Assigns, or any other Person or Persons wh *soever, shall not, in using or exercising any of the Powers or Liberties hereby given, impede or obstruct the Drainage hereby intended, or prejudice or damage the Banks of the said new Drain, ox any other of the Works hereby directed to be made*

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 14. 295

No Persons to life the Banltt as Roads, or cbftruft the Drainage.

The B<nUs of the new Drain \n Keadby to be two Feet above High-water Mark.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Owner or Occupier of any Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Keadby aforesaid, or any other Person whosoever, shall use either of the Banks which shall be made on the Sides of the said new Drain, as a Road or Way, or otherwise prejudice or damage the same, or make any Dams, Lets, or Obstructions, within the said new Drain, or in any Manner hinder, obftnnft, or impede the free Course and Passage of the Water along the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Participants, their several and respective Heirs and Af-signs, shall, and are hereby required to mske, and for ever maintain and support, the Banks to be made on each Side of the said new Drain in the Township of Keadby aforesaid two Feet higher than the highest Water Mark, as before directed; and in case of any Defect of Deficiency in the said Banks, and the said Participants shall refuse or neglect to repair the same in a reasonable Time, after Notice in Writing, to be given for that Purpose, and delivered to their Expenditor for the Time being, or left at his usual Place of Abode, then, and in Arch Case, the said Participants, their several and respective Heirs and Assigns,

shall bi: answerable for any Damage to arise to the Lands and Grounds in Keadby aforesaid, 01 to the Crop or Crops thereon, in consequence of such Defect or Deficiency in the said Banks; the same to be recovered by Action in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, notwithstanding any Thing herein contained to the contrary; and tha% for this Purpose only, the said Participants may, after the Completion of the several Works hereby directed, be sued by and in the Name of The Partuipants of the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Countie$\f York, Lincoln, and Nottingham; and that Process issuing out of any of his Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity, against the said Participants, shall and may be served upon the Expenditor for the Time being, employed by or under the said Participants, and that the same shall be deemed and taken to be good and lawful Service upon the said Participants.

XVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the said Lord of the Manor of Keadby aforesaid, or of the said Lady of the Manor of Crowle aforesaid, or of any future Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof, of, in, or to the said Manors respectively, or of, in, or to any Seigniories, Rights, and Royalties, incident and belonging to the said Manors respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance or Execution of the Powers by this Act given, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by virtue of this Act; and if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and PuWkk AA. shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

Saving of Rights to the Lord of the Minor of Keadby.

Limitation of Actions.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships into the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada and the Grenadines; and of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom, in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out, on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America.

WHEREAS, during the late Hostilities, the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, were taken by the Arms of his most Christian Majesty, and, by the Preliminary Articles of Peace, are to be leftored to this Kingdom; and it may happen that Neutral Ships, laden at foreign Ports in Europe with Cargoes consigned to the said Islands,

may not arrive there before such Islands are so restored as aforesaid, and it is expedient to permit such 1 Ships to land their Cargoes at those Islands, and to bring from thence to Great Britain any Goods of ‘ the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of such Islands;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Neutral Ship or Vessel that shall have cleared out from any foreign Port in Europe before the first Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, with any Goods consigned to the said Islands, or either of th^m, to enter and land such Goods at any of the said Islands, although such Ships may not arrive there till after the said Islands are restored and delivered up to his Majesty; and it shall and may be lawful for such Ships, at any Time before the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to take on Board, and bring back to any Port in Great Britain, any Goods, being the Growth, Produdi#n, or Manufacture of such

[Preamble.]

Neutral Vessels cleared out from foreign Ports to St. Christopher’f, See. before April 11 j7Sj, may land their Cargoes, Sec.

296

Good*, the produce of Tobago or St. Lucia, may be imported during a limited Time, on Payment of Bricifli Plantation Duties. The Importer to make Oath that such Goodj are the Produce or Manufacture of the said IfUnd*.

Certain Goods imported from the aforesaid J(lands while they were possessed by the French, may be taken out of the Warehouses, on Payment of British Plantation Duties. Several Arts for the Encouragement of Trade further <ontmued.

at Geo. HT. <»p. 30. repealed.

[Preamble.]

13 Geo. I. cap. 24. tccited.

The recited Act repra'ed. Penalty un improperly dying Wtfolien Goods for Mather Blacks;

C. 15. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Islands, and such Goods shall and may be admitted to an Entry in this Kingdom, upon Payment of the like Duties, as if such Goods had been imported from any British Island in the West Indies in Britiftj Ships duly navigated; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IL. And whereas the Islands of Tobago uni Saint Lucia arc, by the said Preliminary Articles, to be delivered up to his Aloft Christian Majesty,' it is therefore hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during such Time as shall be allowed by the Definitive Treaty of Peace to the Planters, Merchants, and Inhabitants, to withdraw themselves and their Effects from the said Islands, it shall and may be lawful for such Persons to import, directly from thence into this Kingdom, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, being the Growth, ProductDn, or Manufacture, of the said respective Islands, upon Payment of such Duties as would have been due and payable for such Goods if they had been imported from any of the British JFeft India Planch, in British Ship?.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importer or Importers of such Goods from any of the fatJ Islands herein-before mentioned, Hull make Oath, before the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of Importation in th:$ Kingdom, (which Oath such Collector and Comptroller aie hereby impowered to administer), that, to the btft of his or their Knowledge and Belief, the Goods so imported are really and bona fide the Growth, I\nduction, or Manufacture, of the Paid respective Islands; and on Default of such Oath, the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Payment of the like Duties as they would be liable to if imported from any foteign Heft India liland; and such Goods shall, upon Importation into this Kingdom, be subject and liable to the like Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all other Respects not altered by this Act, as they would be liable to if they were shipped at and imported from any British liland in the H'cji Indies.

4IV, And whereas several Parcels of Sugar, and other Goods, the Produce of some of the before mentioned Islands, have been imported into Great Britain from thence during the Time such 1(1 mds were in the Possession of his most Christian Majesty, and are now secured in several Warehouses in this Kingdom, under the joint Locks of Majesty and the Proprietors of such Goods/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, to permit such Goods to be taken out of such Warehouses by the Importers thereof, upon Payment of the same Duties, and subject to the like Regulations, as such Goods would be subject and liable to if they had been imported directly from any British Island or Plantation in British Ships navigated according to Law; and upon Payment of the said Duty, the said of the Customs are hereby authorised and required to order any Bonds, or other Security given by the Impo. ters for the Duty on such Goods, to be cancelled and discharged.

V. And whereas several Restrictions upon Commerce have been suspended, and Indulgences hive been granted for the Benefit of Trade by various Acts of Parliament lately made, which were to continue in Force during the Hostilities with France^ Spain, or the States General of the United Provinces, or either of them: And whereas it may be impracticable for the Merchants to give Notice to their Correspondent? 4 in foreign Parts of the Ccflation of Hostilities Time enough to prevent the shipping of Goods for this Kingdom before Peace may be concluded and finally established be it therefore lurcher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts of Parliament which have been made since the twenty-sixth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, whereby any such Restrictions have been suspended, or such Indulgences have been granted, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued, and shall remain in full Force until the Expiration of six Calendar Months after the Definitive Treaty of Peace shall be signed.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods of the Grsivth% Produce, or Manufacture, of the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis and Montserrat, into any Ports of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, on Payment of the British Plantation Duties) shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

CAP. XV.

An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade, which said Act hath

been found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended; and in order more effectually to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the dying of Cloths, Bays, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, it is necessary that the said Act should be repealed, and some further and other Powers given for those Purposes May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the abovementioned Act shall be. and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, dye, or cause to be dyed, any Cloths, Bays, or Woollen Goods of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, as or for Mather Blacks

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 15. 297

Penal'y on using Lodwood or Log-wood Liquor in

in London, and within ten Miles thereof.

the same not being dyed throughout in the^ first Place with Woad and Indigo, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the respective Penalties following; (that is to fayj

For every Piece of LoneBacting Bays, containing seventy Yards, or upwards, the Sum of five Pounds;

For every Piece of Colchester Bays, or Short Bays; containing thirty-five Yards, or upwards, the Sum of fifty Shillings;

And for every Piece of other Woollen Goods of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, the Sum of Sixpence per Yard.

And if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, within that Part of Great »nd»\fohr Britain aforesaid, dye, or cause to be dyed, any Woollen Cloth as or for Woaded BJack, the same not being Woided SJackii woaded throughout, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay for every Piece of such Clotl) the Sum of two Shillings per Yard.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tfiat all Cloths, Bays, and other Woollen Mather BUck* Goods, which shall be truly mathered black according to the Directions of this Act, shall be marked with B"«k#!obe

a red Rose and a blue Rose; and all Woollen Cloth which shall be truly woaded black throughout, accord- tinguifted bype-ing to the Directions of this Act, shall be marked with a blue Rose only: And if any Person or Persons cuiurMarka. whomsoever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any of the said Marks, or penalty on coin* shall dye, (lain, imprint, or affix, any such Mark to or upon any such Woollen Cloths falsely and de- terfeitingihofe ceitfully dyed as or for mathered or Woaded Blacks, as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every Marks* such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of four Pounds for every Piece of such Woollen Goods to or upon which such Mark shall be so Pained, impiinted, or affixed, as aforesaid-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, within that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, use, or cause to be used. any Logwood, or Logwood Liquor, in dying Blue any Cloths, Bays or other Woollen Goods of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty couds JBiTc Pounds for every Piece of such Cloth, Bays, or other Woollen Goods, in the dying of which any Logwood, or Logwood Liquor, shall have been made use of as aforesaid.

‘ V. And, for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in the dying of Cloths, Bays, and other Woollen Searchers to be < Goods/ be it enacted, Thar the Matter, Wardens, and Court of Assistants of the Company of Dyers of appointed to London, under the Common Seal of the said Company, together with John Barchard, John Cole, Samuel jq0^Jc cd" Banner, Chamberlain Goodwin* Chamber lain Goodwin, junior, Jacob Mills, John Platt, Edward Sczuard9 Black or Blue, Jcjiph Seward, Richard Still, Thomas Vincent, and Thomas Whitehead, or any three or more of them, shall, t.nd are hereby impowered and required to appoint such Number of Persons as they shall think proper, to be Searchers of all Shops, Warehouses, Workhouses, and Tenter-grounds or Drying-places, of all and every Person and Persons, Companies and Corporations, using or exercising the Trade, Art, or Mystery, of dying of Cloths, Bays, or other Woollen Goods of every Kind or Sort whatsoever; and also of all and every Person and Persons concerned in the dying, diying, or packing of any such Cloths, Bays, or -other Woollen Goods, and also all public Warehouses, and other public Places where any Cloths, Bays, or other Wollen Goods, packed up for Exportation, shall be depolued, ficuate within the City of London, and within the Difhnce of ten Miles of the said City; and from Time to Time to appoint others in the Room of such as shall die, resign, or be removed; and every Searcher so to be appointed as aforesaid is hereby authorised and impowered, at all seasonable Times in the Day-time, to enter into any such Shop, Warehouse, Workhouse, Tenter-ground, or Drying-place, and other Places as aforesaid, and to search for and examine all or any Cloths, Bays, and other Woollen Goods dyed Black or Blue, whether the same be packed or unpacked, and also to cut and take away a Pattern or Sample from either End of every Piece of such Woollen Goods as he shall think proper, for the Purpose of trying and proving the same, such Searcher taking to his Assistance a Constable, or other Peace Officer, of the Paritti or Place wherein such Shop, Warehouse, Workhouse, Tenter-ground, or Drying place, or other Place as aforesaid, shall be situate; and every such Constable, or other Peace Officer, is hereby required to be aiding and affitting to such Searcher in the Execution of this Act, whenever Application shall be made to him for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of the Persons herein-before named, or to be’appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, to act in the Appointment of Searchers as aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to act, the surviving or remaining Persons so named or appointed^ or any three or more of chtm, shall, and are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands from Time to Time, as soon as conveniently may be after such Death or Refusal to act as aforesaid, to appoint another Person (using orexercifuig the Trade of a Dyer of Woollen Goods, and residing within the Limits ah* esaid), in the Room of the Person dying or refusing to act; and every Person so to be appointed shall have the like Power and Authority to act in the Appointment of Searchers as aforesaid, as the Person in whose Place he shall faceted was invested with.

VII. And be it further envicted, That the said Company of Dyers, and the Persons herein-before authorised to a £t in the Appointment of Searchers, or any three or more of such Persons, shall hold their first Meeting for the Appointment of Searchers as aforesaid, at Dyers Hall, in the City of London, upon the seventh Day next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven and Two of the Clock, and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themfebes, and meet at the same, or any other Place or Places within the said City, as often as shall be necessary, for the Appointment of Searchers within ihc E mits aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act; but if at any Meeting appointed to be holden as aforesaid, it shall happen that a sufficient Number of the Persons authorised to act in the Appointment of Searchers as aforesaid shall not attend, or shall omit to adjourn such Meeting, then, and in every such Case, any one or more of such Persons may adjourn such Meeting to such Time and

/Three

On the Death of any of the Persons by this Act impowered to appoint Searchers, others shall be cholen in their Room.

First Meeting of the Persons who are to appoint Seal cher*.

298

In case th* Dyer- Com '.i y fh^li ot c-’d »t an\ M-'e’ing. the »>t\u Persons attending n y appoint searchers.

If the Persona herein-before anrhonled still De^lrfl to ap-p in: 1 proper Nu 1 ter of Sejrcheri, the C^jaTter Stflioni may aptoi<U them.

In all Part! of

BngUnd out of the Li rr. in afore -fa id, the Seaich-cta shall be ap-puin'ec! by the Justices at their General or Charter SetTiOfl i.

Searcher* to be (Worn.

The Oath.

Penalty on obstructing Searcher?.

Penalties and Forfeiture* hew to be recoveitd *."d applied.

y

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 15.

p!2cc within the salt! City as he or they shall think proper; and every such Adjournment shall be 29 vald and effectual as if made or done by ali the Persons ulorctaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case, at any Meeting to be holden for the Appointment of Searchers as a fore Lid, the said Company of Dyers shall not attend, it shall be lawful for the Persons herein-before named, or to be appointed to act in the Appointment ot Searchers as afore-f?.id, or any three or more of th m, and they ate hereby authorised and impowered to appoint such Person or Persons as they fl ail think proper, to be a Searcher 01 Searchers of Woollen Goods within the Limits aforesaid; and every Searcher so to appointed shall have the like Power and Authority in all Respects to act as a Searcher in pursuante of this Act, as if he had been appointed by the said Company of Dyers, and the Persons herein before named, or to be appointed as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it the said Company of Dvers, and the several Persons here:n-before authored to act: in the Appointment of Searcheis, or any inree or more of such Persons, shall retule or neglect 10 appoint and continue a proper Number of Persons to be Searchers as aforesaid, any two Persons using or cxGrcifing the Trade of a Dyer of Woollen Goods may apply to the Justices, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hoiben within the Limits aforesaid, and make C mpLint of such Refusal or Neglect; and it shall be lawful for the Jufhces at such Sessions to make Enquiry touching the Matter of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to them that a proper Number of Searchers for the Purpose aforesaid shall not be appointed, the said Justices shall, and are hereby authoris'd and impowered to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall judge necessary to be a Searcher or Searchers ot Woollen Goods within the Limits aforesaid; and every Searcher to to be appointed shall have the like Power-and Authority in all Refpt &s to act as a Searcher in pu; Dance of this Act, as if he had been appointed by the said Company of Dyers, and the Persons herein-before authorised to act in the # Appointment of Searchers, or by any three or more of such Persons, in Manner before directed.

X. And, in order to prevent the like F rauds and Abuses in the dying of Woollen Cioods within such Places as are not within the Limits aloreftiid, be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, at their respective General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the respective Counties, Cities, Towns, and Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed* (other than within the Limits herein-before mentioned), shall and are hereby required from Time to Time to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall respectively think proper to be a Searcher or Searchers within their respective Jurisdictions; and every Person so to be appointed shall be, and is hereby inverted with the like Power and Authority to act as a Searcher in pursuance of this Act, within the Limits for which he shall be so appointed, as *re herein before given to any Person who shall be appointed a Searcher within the City of London, and within the Distance of ten Miles of the said City.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Searcher in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the Effect following:

T DO swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, execute and perform the Trust re-4 A port'd in me as a Searcher, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reij>n of his IVLjtfty King George the Third, for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of toe thirteenth Year of King George the Firjiy for pr waiting Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade"

Which Oath the Persons By whom he shall be appointed, or any one of them, are or is hereby impowered

to administer.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, in any Manner, oppose, obstruct, hinder, or prevent, any Searcher so to be appointed as aforesaid, in the Executiorfof any of the Powers hereby vested in him, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten

Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act, where the same shall exceed the Sum of five Pounds, shall or may be recovered, in the Name of any Person who shall inform or sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Low, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act, where the same shall not exceed the Sum of five Pounds, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Ciry, Town, or Place, where the Off* nee shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer), be levied and recovered by Distre-s and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Sea! of such Justice, directed to any Constable, or other Peace Officer, of any Ward, Precinct, Panvh, Town, or Place, where the Offender shall inhabit, or can be found (being within the Jurisdiction of inch Justice); and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of inch Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case Diffident Distitfs cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice shall, and is hereby authorised and required to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as such Justices fli3)l think fit, not exceeding three Months; and one Moiety of all Penalties and Forfeiture^ wh ch shall be recovered, by virtue of this Act, from any Person or Persons residing with;n the City of London, or within the Distance of ten Miles of the said City, shall go and be paid to the Informer or Informers and the other Moirty shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as shall from Time to Time be direfird by the Persons attending any Meetings to be holden for the Appointment of Searchers within the City of London, and within ten Miles of the said City, as aforesaid j and the Whole of all

other

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 16. 299

Profecuhms so be corr.mercfd within 40 Day!.

by the Order of any Justice, may appeal ro

Limitation of A CiiOHS,

other Penalties and Forfeitures which shall he recovered by virtue of this Act, shall go and be paid to the Informer or Informers, and Prosecutor or Prosecutors.

XIV. Provided always, That all Prosecutions for Offences against this Act shall be commenced within

forty Days next after the Offences shall be respectively committed or discovered, and nor afterwards, and shall be prosecuted with Effect and without Delay; and if any Person (hill think him or herself aggrieved by the Judgment or Order of any Justice of the Peace, touching the Conviction for any Offence against this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County, City, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, he or she fitft giving reasonable and sufficient Notice of such Appeal to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors; abd the Qjucer Se/Bonr. Judgment and Determination of the Justices at such General Quarter Sessions shall be final and con-clunve upon all Parties 5 and the said Justices dre hereby impowered, upon such Appeal, to allow such reasonable Costs and Charges to either Party as they shall think just; the same to be levied and paid in

such Manner as is usual in other Cases of Appeal from Orders of pny Justices of the Peace to the General Quarter Sessions

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County, City, or Place, where the same shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Ad ion or Suit

may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had General Issue,

thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be commenced was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then, and in every such Ca e, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same Treble Corti. as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Case by Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and shall be judicially PuW,ck Act» taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by two several Acts of Parliament, of the nineteenth and twentieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and fj}ec~ Rcciul of 19 tual Manning of his Adoje/ly s Novys the Commissioners of the Navy are directed to issue Bills for the

Geo III. cap. 67; and 20 Geo. III. cap. >3-

Payment to all Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, who shall have been actually on Board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, at the Time of taking, linking, burning, or othei wife destroying,

any Ships of War belonging to the King, or to the King of Spain, the Sum of five Pounds for every Man alive on beard the Ships so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the Beginning of the*Attack or Engagement: And whereas in the Month of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, an Attack was made upon his Majesty's Garrison at Gibraltar, by ten Battering Ships 4 of VV.tr belonging to his most Catholic Majesty, all which Ships of War were, by the said Garrison, and the Naval Department nt the Port of Gibraltar, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed; and in the Month of October, in the same Year, a Spanish Ship of War, called The Saint Miguel, surrendered to the said Garrison and Naval Department: And whereas by the Arid Letter of the said Acts, the Officers and Men of the said Garrison, and Naval Department, are not intitled to the said Bounty, for burning,

sinking, or otherwise destroying, the said Battering Ships of War. or for taking the said Spanish Ship of War, as aforesaid: And whereas it is highly proper that all due Encouragement should be given to the distinguished Merit of the Officers and Men of the said Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, for their long and gallant Defence of that important Fortress May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Officers and Men belonging to the Garrison at Gibraltar, and The Garrison of tq the Naval Uepartment'at the said Port of Gibraltar, at the respective Times of the Attack being made and

upon the said Garrison, and the Surrender of the said Spanish Ship of War as aforesaid, ftull be inurled to, pa'(mcn(\heV<-and shall receive the said Bounty of.five Pounds for every Man living on board the said Battering Ships of in kled to H=»d War, at the Beginning of the said Attack; and also for every Man living on board the said Spanish Slupof Money iordc-War, at the 'lime of her surrendering to the said Garrison and Naval Department, as afore laid, in as full footing the and ample Manner as the Officers and Men on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War are by the said Btlu*

A<3s. intitled to the Bounty thereby allowed upon the taking or destroying any Ships of War belonging to ne5* c’ the Enemy: And the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy shall, and they are hereby authorised and ^f°^ISioBer# required (upon Proof made, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, by Certificates, or otherwise, tomakeomBUli

7 fw that Purpose,

300

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

Frcitiible,

Recital of iz Leo. Ill, cap*

What shall be deemed sufficient Proof of Baiik-fuptcy.

Directions relative to A rest-runts of Bank* rupts E fleets.

Poinding of Moveables within a certain Time before and after Bankruptcy, not to site Prefer, ence to Poinccr,

C. 17, 18.

A.D. 1783.

of the Number of Men living on board the said Battering Ships of War, and the said Spanish Ship of War, at the Time of the said Attack and Surrender respectively) to make out Bills for the Amount of the said Bounty, directed to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, to be divided amongst the Officers, Soldiers, Seamen, and Marines, within and belonging to the said Garrison and Naval Department, at the respective Times aforesaid, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as his Majesty shall graciously please to order, direct, and appoint; and the Treasurer of the Navy shall, and is hereby authorised and required to pay all such Bills, according to the Course of the Navy, to the said Officers, Soldiers, Seamen, and Marines, or to such Agent or Agents as they shall authorize and appoint to receive the same, without Fee or Reward; and such Agent or Agents shall be subject and liable to the like Regulations and Directions, as any Agent or Agents appointed by virtue of the said Acts are thereby made subject and liable to.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes.

WHEREAS by the Common Law, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the personal

Eibtes of such Debtors as became insolvent were generally carried oft’ by the Ddgence of Ar/eft-

ment and Poinding, executed by a few Creditors, who, from the Nearness of their Kcfidence to and, Connexion with such Debtors, got the e:uliift Intelligence of the Insolvency, to the great Prejudice of Creditors more remote and unconnected, and to the Disappointment of that Hquality which ought to take place in the D (Libutbn of the Eftitcs of insolvent Debtors among their Creditors: And whereas an Act was pallid in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Infhent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrestment and Poinding, and for extending the Piivite^cs of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills avd Promissory Notes, in that Part of Geat Britain called Scotland; which was continued by another Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, but is now about to expire, and hath mot cover been found by Experience to be in some Respedb inefficient for answering the Purposes thereby intended; and it being expedient that the Plan of the said Act should he varied, and that some other Rules and Regulations (huuld be made for putting the Diligence of Creditors upon an equal and proper booting, and preventing unjust References and Accumulation of Expence, and likewise for operating a more speedy Distribution of the Estates of Bank- rupfs boih real and personal, especially where such Estates belong to Persons engaged in Trade and Manufactures;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Actions and Questions arising upon the Construction and Effect of the Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, intituled, An Act for declaring Notottr Bankrupts, when a Debtor is out of Scotland, or not be liable to be imprisoned by reason of Privilege or personal Protection, a Charge of Horning executed against him, toge*theT with either an Arrestmctit of any of his personal Effects not loosed or discharged within fifteen Days, or a Poinding executed of any of his Moveables, or a Decree of Adjudication of any Part of his heritable Eftato, or Sequest; ation by the Act of a proper Court of all or any Part of his Estate or Effects, heritable or moveable, for Payment of Debt, shall, when joined with Insolvency, be held as sufficient Proof of Notour Bankruptcy; and from and after the last Step of such Diligence, the said Debtor, if insolvent, shall be held as Bankrupt.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when a Debtor is made Bankrupt in Terms of the said Act, made in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, as now extended, all Arrestments which shall have been used for attaching any personal Eft’efts of such Bankrupt within thirty Days prior to the Bankruptcy, or within four Calendar Months immediately susbequent, shall be paripajfu preferable; and in order to save, as far as possible, the Expence of a Multiplicity of Arrestment?, it is declared, That where the Effects of a Debtor are arrested by any Creditor, wirhin thirty Days before the Bankruptcy, or within four Months after it, and a Process of Forthcoming or Multiplcpoinding is brought in which such Arrestment is founded on, it shall be competent for any other Creditor, producing his Interest, and making h s Claim in the said Process, at any Time before the Expiration of the said four Months, to be ranked in the same Manner as if he had used the Form of Arrestment; the Expence of railing the Process, and of the Diligence, at the Irftlance of the Creditor who raises it, being always paid out or the common Fund.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Arrestment executed at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, ami Pier and Shore of Leith, in the Hands of any Person out of the Kingdom, without other sufficient Notification, shall not inteipel the Arrestee from paying bona fide to the original Creditor.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Poinding of the Moveables belonging to such Bankrupt, within thirty Days before his Bankruptcy, as aforesaid, or within four Calendar Months thereafter, shall give a Preference to such Poinder over the other lawful Creditors of the Bankrupt, but the Goods so poinded shall be considered as in medio, and the Person receiving the Price of them shall be liable to make the same forthcoming, so as that all the other Creditors of the Bankrupt who are possessed

6 of

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18.

of liquidate Grounds of Debt, or Decrees for Payment, shall be irttitled to their Proportion of the same; provided they make their Claim by summoning the Poioder at any Time before the Expiration of the said four Months, deducing always the Expence of such Poinding from the first End of the Price of such Goods, together with twenty per Cent, on the appraised Value, which the Poinder shall retain to Account of his Debt, in Preference to the other Creditors, reservittg Liberty to him to rank on the remaining Sum for the full Amount of the Debt contained in his Diligence.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Action$ of Sale of Lands, or other Dircaion* re-heritable Subjects, raised or to be raised and purftied at the Instance of Creditors before the Court of Sef- ,?tive fion, upon any of the Statutes in that Behalf made, /halt ptoceed and be carried on to a Conclusion, by atftual Sale, as soon as the necessary previous Steps of a Sale are taken, whether the Ranking of the Cre-, raised at the ditors is concluded or not, unless the Court, upon Application of the Creditors, or any of them, shall instance of find sufficient Cause to delay the Sale; any Law or practice to the contrary notwithstanding: And it shall Creditors be-be lawful to the Purchaser, at any Term of Whitsunday or Martinmas subsequent to the Term of Pay- f<^e‘^eCourt ment of the Price, to lodge the Price, with the Interest due upon it, in the Royal Bank, or Bank of of Session* Scotland, at such Interest as can be procured for it; declaring always, that by so doing, and giving Notice thereof to the Common Agent, who carried on the Sale, he shall be exonerate, the same Way as if the Price had been consigned in the Hands of the Magistrates and Town Council of Edinburgh, as re* ouired by the sixth Act of the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, which AS is so far hereby repealed; and further declaring, That the Court of Session, on the Ap-

Plication of any of the Creditors, shall be impowered to make an Order on the Purchaser to lodge the rice and Interest at any of the said Terms subsequent to the Term of Payment in one or other of the said Banks; sufficient Intimation being always previously given both to the Purchaser and to the common Agent for the Creditors, that such Application is made, in order that all Parties may have an Opportunity to object; and in order to lessen the Number of Adjudications, and consequently the Expence upon a Bankrupt Estate, the Lord Ordinary officiating in the Court of Session, before whom any Process of Adjudication is called, shall ordain Intimation thereof to be made in the Minute Book, and on the Wall, in order that any other Creditors of the common Debtor who may think proper to adjudge his Estate, and are in Readiness for it, may produce the Instructions of their Debts, and be conjoined in the Decree of Adjudication 5 and a reasonable Time, not exceeding twenty Sederunt Days, shall be given for that Purpose, unless there be any Hazard from a Delay, which the Court, or the Lord Ordinary, shall judge of.

VI. And whereas it is for the Interest of Commerce, that the Estates of those concerned in Trade ant) who may H 4 Manufactures, when they are unable to answer the Demands upon them, shouW be disposed of and dif- Bang*

tributed among their Creditors in the most expeditious Manner, without abiding the ordinary Forms of Law/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, being a Merchant or Trader in Gross or by Retail, or a Banker, Broker, or Underwriter, or a Manufacturer, Artificer, or Mechanick, and in general any Person who, either for himself, or as an Agent or Factor for others, deals in the Purchase, or Sale, or Workmanship, of Goode or Commodities other than for his own Use and Consumption, or the Produce of his own Estate, or of any Subject held by him as Lessee or Tenant (and particularly excepting Landholders, and Occupiers or Tenants of Land, '

or other Heritages, Holders of India Stock, or of Stock in any of the Banks established by publick Authority, or in the friendly Insurance Company at Edinburgh against Fire, if such Persons be not otherwise bona fide under one or other of the foregoing Descriptions), shall be under Diligence by Horning and Caption for Debt, and shall either, in virtue thereof, be imprisoned, or retire to a Sanctuary, or fly or abscond for his personal Safety, or defend his Person by Force; or being out of Scotland% or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of Privilege or personal Protection, shall be under Diligence by Charge of Horn-ing, attended with Arrestment, not loosed or discharged within fifteen Days, or poinding of any Part of proceattre his Moveables, or Decree of Adjudication of any Part of his heritable Estate, for Payment of Debt. at the Instance of any Creditor, it shall be lawful to any Creditor of the said Person, whose Debt shall amount to the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or any two Creditors whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or to any three or more Creditors whose Debts amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling, or upwards, at any Time within four Calendar Months of the last Step of the said Dilligence, to apply, by lummaiy Petition, to the Court of Session while the Session is fitting, or to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, for a Sequestration of the said Debtor's Estate, real and personal; and upon Production of the Grounds of Debt aforesaid, and the Creditor or Creditors, at whose Instance the Application is made, swearing to the Verity of their Debts before any Judge Ordinary, or Justice of Peace; and also, that they believe the Party against whom the Application is made to be a Merchant, or otherwise under the Description above let forth, and with and under the foregoing Exceptions, the said Court, or the Lord Ordinary, shall grant Warrant for citing the said Debtor, by delivering to him personally, or by leaving at his Dwelling-house, a Copy of the said Petition 5 or, if the said Debtor is out of Scotland, by affixing Copies upon the Market Crofsof Edinburgh,

Pier and Shore of Leithy and also leaving a Copy at his last Dwe?Ung-house, or House of Business, in Scotland, to appear in Court within the Time specified in the Warrant of Citation, not being less than fix, nor more than forty Days from the Date of the Citation, to (how cause why Sequestration should not be awarded; and at the Time of granting such Warrant of Citation, the Court, or the Lord Ordinary,

shall likewise, if desired, gtant the usual Authority, at the Instance of the Petitioners, for recovering written Evidence of the said Dilligence; and upon Production of such Evidence at the Diet or Appearance, if the Debtor shall not appear either in Person, or by his Counsel or Agent, or To appearing, shall not instantly produce written Evidence of the Debt or Debts being satisfied upon which the Uilligences proceeded, and also pay or satisfy the Debt or Debts due to the Petitioner or Petitioners, or (how other reasonable

1C

302

The Court, 4c to appo'/r a Meeting oi Creditors, who iff to name a Factor*

Factor to gi?« Security.

Coort, upon awarding the Sequestration, may lock up the Bankrupt*! Shop, &c.

Any Merchmt, &c. jointly with a Creditor for looi. may apply to the Court for a Sequestration of his £state*

No Sequestration to be awarded against any Person not residing in Scotland, <&c« Method of Procedure relative to trading Compa-ici*

Petition of Sequestraiion to be recorded io the General Register of Inhibitions

C. 18. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Cause why further Proceeding should not be had, the Court, or the Lord Ordinary, shall immediately award Sequestration of the said Debtor’s whole real and personal Estate.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court or the Lord Ordinary shall, by the same Deliverance which awards the Sequestration, make an Order upon the Creditors to meet upon a certain Day and Hour, being ndt more than three Weeks from that Date, and as much sooner as Circum-ftaoces may permit; the said Meeting to be at a convenient Place, either where the Bankrupt resides, or where his Business is or was last carried on, or as near it as possible, in order to name an interim Factor upon the sequestrated Estate real and personal; which Deliverance the petitioning Creditor or Creditors shall forthwith cause to be advertised in the Edinburgh Newspapers called The Caledonian Mercury, and Edinburgh Evening Courant, otherwise the whole Proceedings to be null and void; and the said Court, or Lord Ordinary, shall at the same Time grant Commission to any resident Magistrate of the Burgh, or to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute of the County or Stewartry where the Meeting is to be held, or, failing them, any Justice of the Peace to be named by the Court, to attend the said Meeting of Creditors, and to receive Production of their Grounds of Debt, with the Oaths thereon after mentioned, and to sign the Minutes of the Creditors, along with the Prefes chosen by them; and all Questions at this Meeting shall be determined by a Majority of the Creditors in Value or Extent of Deb* appearing at the said Meeting, by themselves or others authorised by them, and whose Grounds of Debt and Oaths thereon are so produced.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person chosen at the said Meeting by the Majority aforesaid as interim Factor, shall be intitled to the Office, and shall find Security for his faithful Management, to such Extent as the said Majority shall think reasonable; and the said Factor shall ingross a Copy of the Minutes of this Meeting in a Book of Sederunt, which shall be signed by the said Commissioners and by the Prefes of the Meeting, and kept by the Factor as his Warrant for acting; and the principal Minutes of the said Meeting, at which the Factor is appointed, being signed by the said Commissioner, by the Preles of the Meeting, and by the Factor named and accepting of the Office, shall be transmitted by the Commissioner to the Clerk of the Sequestration, to be kept among the Records of the Court of Session.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon awarding the Sequestration, the Court, or the Lord Ordinary, shall, if desired by the petitioning Creditors, grant Warrant to the said Commissioner to seal up, and cause put under safe Custody, the Books and Papers of the Bankrupt, and to lock up his Shop, Warehouse, or other Repositories, and to keep the ICey9 thereof, till a Factor is named 29 before directed to whom they shall be delivered, and subject in the mean Time to such Orders and Directions as the said Court, or Lord Ordinary, or the said Commissioner, may think proper to give, on the Application of any Party concerned; and it shall be competent for the Court, or the Lord Or- dinary, even from the Date of the Application for Sequestration, to give such interim Orders as the Circumstances of the Case may require, for preventing Embezzlement or Damage to the EffeCls, upon Application of any of the Creditors, and Cause shewn.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant, or other Person described as above, and with and under the aforesaid Exceptions, whether Dilligence has been executed against him or not, shall make a joint Application along with any Creditor whose Debt shall amount to the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or any two Creditors whose Dv’bts shall amount to the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any three or more Creditors whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling, or upwards, and Oath being made as above to the Verity of these Debt9, and the Parties, or their Agent also making Oath, to their Knowledge or Belief, of the Debtor’s being under the Description which he assumes, the said Court, or the Lord Ordinary, are hereby authorised and required to award Sequestration of the Debtor’s Estate, real and personal, in like Manner, and the Procedure shall go on as before directed.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sequestration shall be awarded against any Person having an Estate or Effects in Scotland, who at the Time of the Application does not either reside or has a Dwelling House or House of Business there, or at least had such Residence or Dwelling House or House of Business within a Year previous to the Application, unless the Debtor himself, or those afling for him, concur in the Application.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Estates of all Companies carrying on Business under any of the Denominations or Descriptions above set forth, and with and under the above Exceptions, may be sequestrated upon the Application either of those intitled to act for them, with Con-lent of any Creditor of such Company whose Debt amounts to the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sce/ling, or any two Creditors whose Debts amount to the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any three or more Creditors whose Debts amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling, or upwards; or at the Application of such Creditor or Creditors themselves whose Debts are to the Amount already mentioned; in which last Case it must appear, that Dilligence has been dofie against one or more of the Partners of the Company for Payment of a Company Debt, in the same Way and Manner as is before required to found an Application against Individuals; and in either Cde, the Procedure hereby directed with regard to individual Debtors shall be followed out; and it shall be sufficienc to cite the Company, by leaving a Copy at the House or Shop where their Business is carried on, or where any of their managing Partners rtfide; or if the said Haufes and Shop be (hut up or deferred by them, a Copy shall be affixed at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, and Pier and Shore of Leith.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be necessary for the Party applying for the Sequestration to record the Petition of Sequestration, and the first Deliverance thereon, in the General Register of Inhibitions, within twenty-four Hours after the said Deliverance is pronounced; and the same dull, from the Date of uie Application, be held equivalent to an Inhibition, against the Debtor,

for

e

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 303

for Behoof of the whole Creditors, in case of the Sequestration being finally awarded; and it shall not be in the Power of the Bankrupt, after Sequestration is awarded, to stop Proceedings by paying of P the Debt on which the Dilligence and Petition aforesaid did proceed, nor shall the Proceedings be of any Effect unless the said Petition and Deliverance are so registered.

XIV. Provided always, That if the Debtor, against whom Sequestration has been awarded without his F0 what Case* own Concurrence, or if any Creditor Who has not concurred in, or confen\ed to the Application, shall SequestratKMi apprehend that the Party against whom it is awarded does not come within the Description before given, or falls under any of the Exceptions therefrom, such Debtor or Creditor shall be at Liberty, at any Time wl*d* within thirty Days after Sequestration is awarded, to apply to the Court of Session, if fitting, or to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, setting forth the Grounds upon which the Sequestration ought to be recalled, in respect of the Description not being applicable; and this Petition being intimated to the Party at whose Instance the Sequestration was obtained, or the known Agent of that Party, and a reasonable Time given to make Answers thereto, the Court, or Lord Ordinary, shall determine fumnvarily upon the same, and Oiall grant Commission, if necessary, for taking Proof of the Fails; and if upon Evidence it shall appear that the Person against whom the Sequestration is awarded, does not fall within the Meaning or Terms of this Act, as not being under any of the Descriptions above set forth, or as falling under any of the Exceptions therefrom, the Sequestration shall be recalled 5 or, if the Petition is found to be without sufficient Ground, it shall be dismissed; but in the mean Time, until this Matter is finally determined, the Proceedings under the Sequestration shall go on, as if no such Application had been made.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Fador shall, immediately after Qenmt Meet-being so named, be obliged to publish ah Advertisement in the Two Edinburgh Newspapers before men- ing of the tioned intimating the Sequestration, and that a general Meeting of the Creditors is to be held on such Creditors to Day and at such Place as the Creditors, at the Meeting before mentioned, shall have fixed in their Mi- b' bcld for nutes (the said Day being not less than four, nor more than eight Weeks after the Advertisement), for TrufleV the Purpose of chusing a Trustee; and in the mean Time, the Fador shall enter upon the Management of the Estate, and shall, within two Days after his Appointment, apply to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or SubftUute of the County or Stewartry where the Debtor resides, or where his Business was carried on, who is hereby authorised and required to name one Day in each of the four succeeding Weeks to be set, apart for the publick Examination of the Bankrupt and of his Family, or others acquainted with his Bu- Bankrupt, See, finess, in the Sheriff Court house of the District, a Fee of one Guinea each Sitting being allowed to the tobeexamia-Sheriff or Stewart Depute, if be officiates, or half a Guinea each Sitting to the Substitute; and such pe- ed* jiodical Meetings being fixed, the same shall be immediately published by the Fador in each of the two Edinburgh Newspapers before mentioned, by an Advertisement, inviting the whole Creditors to be present at such Examination, that they may have an Opportunity of putting such Questions as shall be judged of Importance for rendering the Discovery and Surrender more complete; and the said Judge shall, if necessary, issue his Warrant for apprehending the Bankrupt, or any of his Family, or others who are to be examined, if within his Jurisdiction, in order to force their Appearance; or if they be without his Jurisdiction. the Court of Session, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills, shall, on the Application of the Fador, grant such Warrant for apprehending and biinging them before the Judge, who is to take the Examination, as aforesaid; and if any of theie Persons shall happen to be indisposed, or otherwise unable to attend at that Time, the Court, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills, may grant Commission for examining them elsewhere; and it shall be competent for the Factor or for the Trustee to apply at any Time for re-examining those Persons, upon due Advertisement given in Manner aforesaid; and the Court, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills, shall likewise, in case it be necessary, grant a personal Protection to the Bankrupt, at the Application of the Fador or Trustee. for such Time as may be requisite for enabling him to attend the Diets of Examination, or may grant Warrant to Messengers at Arms, or other Officers of the Law, to bring his Person out of Prison, in order to attend such Meetings, and thereafter to carry him back to Prison.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons to be examined appearing, or Bankrupt t* being brought in virtue of the said Warrant, before the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute, and in irake a full Presence of the Fador and such Creditors as chuse to attend, the Bankrupt shall make a full and fair Dif- Discovery of covery of his whole Estate, heritable and moveable, wherever situated, including any Estate in Expedancy his EiUie. which he may have an eventual Right to by Contract of Marriage, Entail, or otherwise, and shall exhibit in Writing a full State of his Affairs; and the Judge shall proceed in the Examination of him and the other Persons aforesaid; and the said State and whole Procedure shall be inserted in the Book of Sederunt, to be subscribed by the said Judt>e Examinator, and by the Bankrupt, and likewise by the Fador, together with a List of Books. Papers, Accounts, Title-deeds, and Documents, found in his Possession, or produced by him, and a Rental of his Lands; all which Books, and other Writings, shall be delivered over to the Fador; and at the laftof these Examinations the Bankrupt shall take and subscribe the following Oath;

I A.B. do, in the Presence of Almighty God, and as I shall answer to God at the great Day of Judge- B>nfcni;t’«

I ment, solemnly swear. That the State r.f my Affairs, subscribed by me, and now delivered up to my O^ih.

Creditors, contains a full and true Account of all the Debts of whatever Nature due to me, and of all ‘ my Estate and Effects real or personal (necessary Wearing Apparel only excepted), as well as of all

Claims which I am entitled to make against any Person or Persons whatsoever, and of all Estate in E^-c pedancy, real or personal, which I have an eventual Right to by Contract of Marriage, Deed of En-

tail, or otherwise, to the best of my Knowledge; and that the said State likewise. contains a full and true Account of all the Debts due by me, or Demands upon me, to far as I know or c*n remembers

c. 18. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

and that I have delivered up the whole Books, Documents, Accounts, and Papers of every Kind be- longing to me, which in any Way relate to my Affairs, and which were in my Possession, or under my PovVer, and have made a full Disclosure of every Particular relating to my Affairs. And further i swear, That I shall forthwith reveal all and every o^her Circumstance or Particular relative to my Affairs, or which may tend to increase or dimini/h my Estate, or in which my Creditors may be interested directly or indirectly, which may at any Time hereafter come tef my Knowledge.

So help me G 0 Z).*

Penalty on swearing or affirming faliely.

The Book of Sederunt to be delivered to the acting Trustee, along with other Books, Accounts, dec.

Cause relative to the Factor and Trustee.

Minutes of the Meeting to be reported to the Court.

Bankrupt, refuting to obey the Order of the Court, may be jwprifunedj Ac.

And if the Person thus called upon is a Member of a Company, and examined upon the Company's Affairs, the Terms of this Oath shall only be so varied by the Judge as to make it applicable to the Case; which Oath being annexed to the foresaid Proceedings in the Book of Sederunt, shall a so he subscribed by the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute; and if the Bankrupt be one of the People called ^akers^ it shall be sufficient to take his solemn Affirmation upon the Matters contained in the said Oath, and likewise in all other Cases where an Oath is required by this Statute: And all Persons convicted of taking the above Oath or Affirmation falsely, shall be held as guilty of Perjury, and of fraudulent Bankruptcy, and punished accordingly, and for ever rendered incapable of holding any Office of Publick Trust or Emolument; declaring also, That if the Bankrupt shall wilfully fail to exhibit a fair State of his Affairs, or to make Oath in Terms above specified, or to make a complete Surrender, he shall be considered as a fraudulent Bankrupt, and punished accordingly, and rendered ever after incapable of holding any Office of Publick Trust or Emolument; and in either Case shall forfeit every Benefit or Privilege arising from the Statute, and be accounted infamous, and incapable of giving Evidence in a Court of Justice, or of fitting or acting on any Assize or Jury.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the General Meeting of the Creditors appointed and advertised as before, for chusing a Trustee, the Factor shall exhibit the said Book of Sederunt, to be delivered over to the acting Trustee along with all the Books, Papers, Accounts, Documents, and Title Deeds in his Hands, relative to the Bankrupt's Estate and Affairs; and the Majority of Creditors in Value or Extent of Debt present at this Meeting shall determine who is to be Trustee; but no Creditor shall he entitled to a Vote at this or any other Meeting, who has not, either then or formeily, exhibited his Grounds of Debt, with an Oath thereon, as herein after mentioned, and got the same marked or entered in the Book of Sederunt; and at the said or any other Meeting it shall be lawful for Agents or Attornies, having Commissions either general or special from any of the Creditors, to appear and vote in all Matters wherein their Constituents themselves if present might have voted; and the Creditors may chuse two or more Trustees to act in Succession, one failing another by Death, Resignation, or Removal.

XVIII. Provided always, That if the Factor named at the first Meeting is not chosen Trustee, he shall be allowed such Gratification for his Trouble, to be retained by him out of the Effects in his Hands, or to be paid by the Trustee, as a Majority of the Creditors in Value at the said Meeting shall think reasonable; and the Trustee shall find Security for his Intromissions and faithful Management, unless the same be dispensed with by four fifths in Number and Value of the said Meeting, the said dispensing Resolution to be always ingrossed in their Minutes; and the Trustee shall be entitled to an Allowance in Name of Commission for his Management, on all Sums of Money which he shall recover, at such Rate per Cent. as shall be adjusted or fixed by a Majority in Value at the said Meeting, or at any after Meeting of the Creditors advertised for that Purpose; and it shall be competent at any Time for one fourth of the Creditors in Value to apply summarily to the Court of Session for having him removed, upon Cause (hown; and a Majority of Creditors in Value, at any Meeting to be advertised for the Purpose, shall likewise be entitled to remove, or to accept of the Resignation of any Trustee; and in either of these cases, or in the Event of the acting Trustee's Death, the next Trustee in Succession shall be entitled to act; and upon Failure of the several Trustees originally named, by Death or otherwise, it shall be competent to any two of the Creditors to apply to the Court of Session, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills, to cause a Meeting of the Creditors be held, upon due Advertisement, for chusing a new Trustee or Trustees in Succession; and in any of these Cases the new acting Trustee shall immediately call to Account his Predecessors in Office, or their Heirs and Representatives, and shall be vested with the same Powers, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as any former acting Trustee.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Minutes of this Meeting of the Creditors electing a Trustee, or Succession of Trustees, shall be forthwith reported to the Court, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills, by the Trustee who is to act, a Copy of them being previously entered in the Sederunt Book; and the Court, or the Lord Ordinary, shall then issue an Order upon the Bankrupt, to execute and deliver, within a certain reasonable Time to be specified in the Interlocutor, a Disposition or Dispositions making over to the said Trustee or Trustees in their Order his whole real and personal Estate, wherever situated, and which shall specially describe and convey the Subjects so far as they are known, or so far as the Trustees shall think it necessary, and contain all proper Clauses for effectually vesting the Right in him, with full Powers of Sale, for Behoof of the Creditors; and if the Bankrupt shall refuse to obey such Order, the Court, or the Lord Ordinary, may punish him by Imprisonment; and in that Case, or in case of the said Bankrupt being absent from Scotland, or for any other Reason not granting such Disposition within the Time that he is ordered by the Interlocutor so to do, the Court, or the Lord Ordinary, shall, upon the Application of the Trustee, issue an Act or Decree, finding the Property of the whole sequestrated Estate and Effects, real and personal, to be in the said Trustee or Trustees in Succession, for Behoof of the Creditors, and adjudging, decerning, and declaring the whole Lands and other heritable Estate within the Jurisdiction of the Court specially enumerated, and which were the Property of the Bankrupt, to pertain and belong to the Trustee or Trustees in Succession irredeemably, to the End that the same may be fold

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18.

and converted into Money for Payment of the Creditors; which Adjudication shall have the same Effod as if the Bankrupt had executed the Conveyance before mentioned; and the Factor rriginally named shall immediately deliver over to the Trustee every Part of the Bankrupt’s Estate or Efteds in his Possession, and all Securities taken for the same, or any Part thereof, and pay such Balance as may appear*to be due by him upon settling his Accounts; declaring always, that if any Part of the Bankrupt’s Property happens to be entailed, the Conveyance to be executed by him, or the Decree of Adjudication to be obtained by the Trustee, shall only be understood to carry that Right and Interest in the Estate which the Bankrupt himself has, and which his Creditors can validly attach.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Disposition of the heritable Estate, together with the Order of the Court, or Lord Ordinary, on which it proceeds, or failing thereof, the Decree of Adjudication of the Court, or of the Lord Ordinary, shall, within Sixty Days of the Date thereof, be registered by the Trustee in the Register of Abbreviates of Adjudications, and shall have the Effect to entitle the Trustee, for Behoof of the whole Creditors, to rank in the same Manner upon the heritable Estate, as if it had been a proper Decree of Adjudication obtained at the Date of the Interlocutor awarding the Sequestration, accumulating the whole Debts Principal and Interest, as at that Period, and adjudging for Security or Payment thereof, Co as to yank paripajfu with any prior effectual Adjudication led within Year and Day of the same; and the said Disposition or Adjudication shall not be reduceable upon any of the Statutes concerning bankrupts, nor struck at by any Inhibition, or other legal Interpellation; saying however, in the ranking upon the Price, any other Effect which such Inhibition or Interpellation may have with regard to Contractions of the Debtor posterior to the Date thereof.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the said Disposition, or Decree of Adjudication, the feudal Titles requisite by the Law of Scotland to vest heritable Property,* shall and may be made up either in the Person of the Trustee, or in the Person of the Purchaser from him, in virtue of such Trustee’s Conveyance, agreeable to the Forms of the Law of Scotland\ and each Trustee succeeding a prior Trustee, through his Death, Resignationx or Removal, unless substituted to him at his first Nomination, shall be vested in the Right either by Disposition from the former Trustee, or by Adjudication obtained by the new Trustee on a summary Application to the Court, or Lord Ordinary, as before; and the Superior shall, if required, be obliged to enter the Trustee or Trustees in the same Manner as.he is directed by an Act made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for abolishing Ward-holdings, without being intitled to more than One Composition for the Whole; and if the Trustee shall afterwards discover any other heritable Subjects belonging to the Bankrupt, and which belonged to him at the Date of the Application for Sequestration, the same shall either be dispoqed or adjudged in Manner before directed, and to the same Effect; and in case the Bankrupt’s own Titles to any Part of the Estate, real or personal, which belonged to him at that Period, or to which he had then succeeded as apparent Heir, neared in Kin, or otherwise, to any Predecessor, have not been so completed as to vest the Right properly in him, the Fador or Trustee shall take the most safe and eligible Method of completing the Bankrupt’s Title, in such Way and Manner as the Law requires; declaring always, that the Rules of Preference or Ranking between the Creditors of the Ancestor, and those of the Heir by the Law of Scotland^ are not meant to be altered by any Thing conrained in this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Estate, whether real or personal, belonging to the Bankrupt at the Period of the Sequestration, shall become a Fund of Division among those who were his Creditors prior to the Date of the Application, and noneelfe, according to their due Order of Preference; and all Payments made by a Debtor to any of his Creditors after such Application, shall be void and ineffectual to the Receivers in the Event of a Sequestration taking place, and the Fador or Trustee shall be intitled to recover the Money so paid as Part of the Bankrupt’s Estate; and all Tran factions of the Bankrupt subsequent to the' Dare of the Application, from which any Prejudice may arise either to the Creditors or to Third Parties, shall be null and void; declaring always, that nothing herein contained shall oblige a bona fide Purchaser of any Part of the moveable Effects from the Bankrupt while in Possession, and for a Price truly paid, to feftore the Effects so puFchafed; nor the Debtor of a Bankrupt, who has paid his Debt to him bona fide without knowing of the Bankruptcy, to pay it a Second Time to the Fador or Trustee.

XXIII. Providing always, That if, after the said Application, and before a final Division among the Creditors, any Estate or Effects, either real or personal, shall devolve upon the Bankrupt, either in the Way of Succession, or otherwise, he shall be obliged, immediately when such Event happens, to make a full Discovery thereof to the Fador or Trustee, and shall, if required, make Oath to the same before any Magistrate of the Borough, or Judge Ordinary of the County of his Residence, in order that the Fador or Trustee may have an Opportunity of taking such Steps as are necessary or proper for the Interest of his Conr-ftituents; and the said Fador or Trustee shall like wife give immediate Notice thereof to the Creditors, either at the first General Meeting, or by advertising a Meeting for the Purpose.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Arrestment of a Debtor’s person ft Estate, or any Part of it, used at any Time within Thirty Days before an Application for a Sequestration under the Authority of this Act, shall give any Preference to the arresting Creditor in the Event of a Sequestration taking place; and the Arrestee shall be obliged to deliver the Effects arrested* or pay what he owes the Bankrupt, to the Fador or Trustee, as if such Arrestment had been used for the whole Creditors; and if the Arrestee has delivered the Effects, or paid the Money arrested to the Arrester, by virtue of a Decree forthcoming, or any other Authority whatever, the Arrester shall be obliged to pay or deliver the same to the Fador or Trustee: And in like Manner no Poinding of a Debtor’s Effects not completely executed thirty Days before such Application, shall give any Right or Preference to the Poinder in the Event of a Sequestt action taking place, but the Poinder shall be obliged to deliver to the Fador or Trustee the Goods poinded,'if not sold or disposed of, when he is required so to do; and if they are then sold or disposed of, 'he shall be

4. liable*

3°5

Disposition of the heikable Estate to be registered in the Register of Abbreviates of Adjudications, &c«

How the Tit'es

r-quifit? to vest her table Property shall be m dc up in the Person of the Trustee, &c.

Bankrupt* whole Estate, at the Period of Sequestration, to be a Fund of Division among his Creditor, prior to that Date.

Efti fls devoir*

ing upon the Bankrupt, after the Application, and before a final Division.

No Arrrftrrent

of a Debtor's persondi Eft«ce, within Days before Application for a Sequestration ftuJl be valid.

3o6 ,

Prorifo.

Trustee to re* ro*er the *holt Estate of the Bankrupt, for the Benefit of his Creditors,

Majority of Creditors in Value to determine relative to the Sale of heritable Bftatos,

Not to bar the Right of any piefeiable heritable Creditor, Creditors,

*hose Claims are objrited to, m>y jointly bring an Action to prove the same.

Trustee to ledge the Money f.c receives agreeably to the Appointmem of a Ger eral Meeting,

An Advertisement to be published by the Trustee, requiring the Creditors to bring in ihcir Claims,

Further Directions to the Trustee.

C. 18. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

liable to account to the said Fa£ior or Trustee for the appraised Value of the Goods poinded, and shall make Part of the Fund to be distributed among the Creditors.

XXV. Provided always, That all Arresters and Poinders who shall be deprived of the Benefit of their respective Diligences in Manner aforesaid, shall be intitled to demand or retain the Expence laid out by them in prosecuting such Diligences.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee, when appointed, shall forthwith proceed to recover, in the speediest and most effectual Manner, the whole Estate under his Management or Power, whether at Home or in Foreign Parts, in order that the same may be distributed among the Creditors; and he shall be obliged to follow those Directions and Rules, with regard to the Recovery, Management, and Sale of the Efhte real and personal, which are laid down by a Majority of the Creditors in Value, convened at the Meeting by which he was appointed, or any subsequent Meeting; and besides the stated annual Meetings herein after mentioned, the Trustee shall, if required at any Time by one-fourth of the Creditors in Value who have produced and proved their Claims, be obliged to call a General Meeting; or he himself may on any Emergency call such Meeting, sufficient previous Intimation of every occasional Meeting, and the Purpose of calling it, being always given, by Advertisement in the two Edinburgh Newspapers before mentioned, Three Weeks at least before the Meeting.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Part of the sequenrated Estate consists of Land, or other heritable Subjects, it shall be optional to a Majority of Creditors in Value to determine, either at the Meeting appointing the Trustee, or at any of the subsequent stated Meetings, or other Meeting called for the Purpose, whether the Trustee is to bring the said heritable Estate to judicial Sale before the Court of Session, or to dispose thereof by voluntary publick Sale; and if the latter Mode is adopted, the Sale made, after such Advenisement, and at such upset Price as shall bi fixed by a Majority of Creditors in Value at any such Meeting, shall he valid and effectual, with and under the Burden of all Debts and Claims heritably secured upon the Estate, in so far as the same are preferable to the Dilpofuion or Decree vesting the said Estate in the Trustee, and the Purchasgr shall have no Concern with the Application of the Price; and if a Majority of Creditors in Value determine for a judicial Sale and Ranking, the Trustee shall be obliged forthwith to proceed in the same, and shall he intitled to carry it on, as to a Part of the Estate, without including the Whole, and without any other Proof of Bankruptcy than the Act of Sequestration; and it shall be enough to call the Bankrupt himself, and his real Creditors in Poffr/Tion, upon a Citation of fifteen Days, whether they are within the Kingdom or nor, and the edical Citations shall be difoenfed with.

XXVIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall bar the Right which any preferable heritable Creditor may have by the Law, as it stands at present, to bring his Debtor’s Estate to a judicial Sale at his own Instance, unless such Sale has been previously brought at the instance of the Trustee.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Process of Ranking and Sale, the Creditors producing their Grounds or Claims of Debt, shall be intitled to prove and constitute the same, if objected to, without bringing separate Actions for that Purpose; but provided always, that the Court shall only allow a reasonable Time for so doing; and the Creditors shall be intitled to d»aw their Shares of the Price, in virtue of the Disposition and Adjudication before mentioned, without the Necessity of any other Adjudication; and no other Adjudication shall be competent after the Date of the Sequdha-tion.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee shall he obli^d to lodge all Mor ncy he receives in such Bank, or with such Banking Company, as a Majority ot Creditors in Value at any General Meeting shall appoint; and, failing such Appointment, in the Royal Bank or Bank of Scotland^ and at such Interest as can be procured for the fame; and never to retain in his own Hands above the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling for the Space often Days, otherwise to be liable to the Creditors for seven and one hal{per Cent, per Annum on whatever exceeds the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, in Name of Interest and Damages.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee shall, within ten Days after his Appointment is confirmed by the Court of Session, cause publish an Advertisement in each of the two Edinburgh Newspapers before mentioned, requiring all the Creditors to lodge with hioi their Claims, and Vouchers or Grounds of Debt, with their Oaths for proving the same, as directed by this Act, within nine Calendar Months after the Date of the Interlocutor awarding the Sequestration; spee fying the Day when the said nine Months expire, and certifying those Creditors who shall neglect to comply with this Requisition, that they shall not be intitled to any Share in the first Distribution of the Debtor’s Estate.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee shall, within one Calendar Month after the Termination of the said nine Calendar Months, mirke up a State of the Bankrupt’s EftV&s that have been converted into Money, and a State of t>he Debts which have been proved, and lodged with him in Manner hef< re required, calculating Interest upon each up to the Date of the Sequtftrati*>i\, with a Scheme or Cast dividing the free Produce of the Money so recovered among the several Creoirors in these Debts according to their due Order of Ranking; which Starts and Scheme, together with a general State of the Bankrupt’s Affairs brought down to that Period, (hill lie open, for the lnfnedion of the Creditors or their Agents, in the Trustee’s Hands for two Months longer, when a stated General Meeting of the" Credi ors shall be held at the Place of the Trustee’s Residence, exactly at the Distance of a Year after the Sequestration, being the same Day twelve Months, or the next lawful Day the> caber, to give such Orders as nnv appear necessary for the future Management, and to receive their first Dividend*; and the Trustee ftull give Notice thereof two Months before by Advertisement in the said two Edinburgh Newspapers; and in case any of the Debts claimed upon shall be objected to, in Whole or in Part, or their Place in the Ranking oi'puted, or any other Objection shall be made to the Scheme, as made by the Trustee, a Share of the said Fund, corrcfp3nding to the utmost Amount of the Sums or Dividends to which the disputed Articles

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18.

tides may be intitled, shall beleft in the Bank or Banking House where the Monies were deposited as aforesaid, till all such Questions are determined by the Court of Session, which the said Courtis hereby authorised and required to do summariiy, on the Application of the Trustee, or any other Person interested, and in such summary Process to allow a Proof of the Debts or of the Objections, if required; and if, in the Event of such Question, the said Sum, or any Part of it, shall remain unapplied to the Debt or Debts for which it was chimed, the same shall go into the Fund for any subsequent Distribution; and the Shares of Creditors not called for at the Time of Distribution, shall again be deposited on their Risque in the Hands of the Banking Company before mentioned, at such Interest as can be got for the same, which Interest so gained shall be for the general Behoof.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within one Calendar Month after twenty-one Calendar Months from the Date of the Sequestration, the Trustees shall make up another Scheme of Division among the Creditors, who, before the End of the said twenty-one Months, have produced in his Hands their Claims and Grounds of Debt, and Oaths of Verity, as before, together with new States of the Funds and Debts, and of the Bankrupt’s Affairs in general, as before directed; which shall in like Manner remain open for Inspection for the two following Months; and the next stated General Meeting of the Creditors for receiving their second Dividends, and for the other Purposes before mentioned, shall be held after the like Advertisement exactly at the Distance of another Year, being on the same Day two Years from the Date of the Sequestration, or on the next lawful Day thereafter; and the like Procedure shall be followed out at the same Intervals of Time thereafter, and until the whole Funds of the Bankrupt are col-lrded and distributed among his Creditors declaring always, that no Creditor shall draw any Share of the different Distributions, unless his Grounds of Debt, and Oath on the Verity thereof, shall have been lodged with the Trustee on or before the respective Days appointed for that Purpose, but he shall be iniitled, in the next Distribution whrrh happens after the Grounds of Debt are so produced and proved, to draw out of the fi ft End of the remaining Fund in the Trustee’s Hands, a Sum equal to the former Dividend or Dividends on his Debt, with Deduction of five per Cent, on the said Dividends, which is to be retained by the Trustee for the Common Behoof, on Account of the said Creditor’s Delay; and further declaring, that in making up the Schemes of Division, all Debts claimed on which are intitled to a Preference by the Law of Scotland^ not altered by this Act, shall be preferred accordingly.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Creditors as claim upon Debts whereof the Term of Payment is not come, may nevertheless, upon discounting the legal interest to the Term of Payment, draw their Shares in Proportion to what remains after such Discount.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Creditors claiming to be Tanked on the sequestrated Estate, real or personal, shall have received any partial Payment out of the Estates of other Obligants, or in confluence of any preferable Security upon any particular Subject belonging to the Bankrupt himself before the Sequestration, the said partial Payment shall be deducted from the total Amount of his Debt, and he shall only be ranked for the Balance after such Deduction; but in case such partial Payment is not recovered till after the Sequestration, he shall be intitled to rank for his full Debt without any such Deduction, butfoas he shall never draw in Whole more than complete Payment of his Debt; and the Creditors of a Company shall be intitled to rank upon the Estates of the Individual Partners for the pebts due to them by the Company, deducing only what they may have received before the Sequestration as before.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the making Production of the Grounds of Debt along with the Oath, shall have the same Effetft as to interrupting Prescription of every Kind from the Period of such Production, as if a proper Action had been raised on the said Grounds of Debt against the 'Bankrupt, and against the Trustee.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Oath the Creditor deponing shall specifyevery Security he holds (or his Debt, whether on the Estate of the Debtor, or other Obligants: And in case any Creditor shall, after the Date of the Sequestration, obtain any legal or voluntary Preference on any Estate or Subject belonging to the Bankrupt directly or indirectly, situated without the Jurisdiction of the Court, he shall be obliged to communicate and assign the same to the Trustee, for Behoof of all the Creditors, before he draws-any Dividend.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Oaths of Verity upon Debts required by this AC1, may be taken before any Judge Ordiriary or Justice of the Peace; and where any Creditor is out of the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or is under Age, or incapable to give an Oath, in all such Cases an Oath of Credulity by the Agent, Factor, Guardian, or other Manager, taken in the same Manner, shall be sufficient; but which Oaths, either by the Party himself, or any other Person acting for him, shall not fupeifede the Necessry of bringing legal Evidence of the Debt, if the same is objedied to as unliquidated, and where such Evidence appears to be necessary in the Circumstances of the Case; and further declaring, that no Fee shall be paid by any Creditor to the Clerks of Court, or any Person whatsoever, for an Oath of Verity or Credulity as to the Debt claimed being due, or for Production of the Interest or Grounds of Debt of any Creditor unless the Debt claimed on exceeds the Sum of Ten Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That four fifths in Value of the Creditors convened, either at the Meeting when the Trustee is chosen, or at any subsequent Meeting, shall be in-ti tied tochufe any three of the Creditors, at whole Sight, and with whose Content, or with the Consent of any two of them, the Trustee shall be impowered to compound and transact, either by Submission or by private Compromise, all doubtful Claims which the Bankrupt may have against others, or all Debts due to the Estate out of the other Bankrupt Subjects, and likewise all doubtful Claims or Demands made against the Estate, where the Suip claimed upon in this last Case does not exceed fifty Pounds Sterling, but not the 1 Order of Ranking and Preference of that or any other Debt upon the Estate; and the same Majority may

5 exempt

307

Court of Session to determine all Questions eU-tive to objected Claims, Sec.

Trustee to mafct up a Scheme of Dtvtfiun for a second Dividend, dec.

Debt! claimed before actually due, shall be paid, on allow* ing Discount. Creditors claim* ing who have received a par* till Payment, the same shall be deduced from their full Debt.

Production of the Grounds of Debr along with the Oath.

Creditor, in his Oath, shall spe-cifjr every Security he huldi for his Debt.

Oaths of Creditors may be taken before ariy Judge Ordinary, or Justice of Peace.

Mee’ing may chuse three

Creditors, who may impo*cr the Trustee ro compound all doubtful Cla-ms of the Bankrupt against other*.'

Goc e

308

E»Tsflf, kc. of the Bankrupt, remaining thre* Ye*r* after the Date of Sequef* tration, to be sold by publick Auction.

Surplu# of Debtor* Estate to be m>de over to him.

Bankiupf, with Concurrence of Trustee, and four Fifths of Creditors, may, before the filial Distribution, apply to the Court for personal Protection from Dtliigence.

And, with the same Concurrence, after the second Dividend, may petition the Court to be dif-chnged of his Debts, so far as they affect his Prison, or his fu ure personal Eflite,

Soeh Discharge not to protect any heritable Property, or Equipage, he. may acquire be-so e his Debts are paid. Allowances to beroadttoBank-

rupti.

Sederunt Book, to contain a Record of the Proceedings of tba.

Tra&ee, ice.

C. 18. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

exempt the Trustee from being liable for Omissions, and may declare whether or how far he shall be^liable for Attornies or Factors appointed by him.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at the Expiration of three Years from the Date of the Sequestracion, any of the Personal Effects of the Bankrupt, or any Debts, whether heritable or moveable, due to him, remain still unuplifted, it shall be in the Power of four Fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, convened at any General Meeting advertised for the Purpose, to direct that such remaining Debts and Effects be fold off by publick Auction, upon three Months previous Notice published in the two Edinburgh Newspapers before mentioned, the Sale cither to be in whole or in Lots, as a Majority in Value of the Creditors shall direct.

XLI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surplus of every Debtor’s Estate real or personal, that may remain after Payment of his Debts, and of the Expence incurred in carrying this Act into Execution, shall be paid or made over to the Debtor, or to his Assignees or Successors.

XLII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Period after the Sequestration, and before the final Distribution, it shall be competent for the Bankrupt, with Concurrence of the Trustee, and four Fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, who have produced and proved their Debts as before, to apply to the Court of Session, or to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, for a personal Protection from Dilligence for such Time as the Court or the Lord Ordinary shall think reasonable; and the same being once obtained, shall be renewed, if applied for in Name of the Bankrupt, with Consent of the Trustee alone, unless any of the Creditors oppose it \ in which Case, the Consent of four Fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value shall be required, as before 5 declaring always, that in this and all other cases, where Consent of Creditors, both in Number and Value, is required, Creditors whose Debts are under twenty Pounds Sterling shall not be counted in the Number, though they are to be counted in the Value.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be competent to four fifths in Number and Value of the Creditors, reckoned as before, at any Time after the Period of the second Dividend, to concur with the Bankrupt in a Petition to the Court of Session, praying that he may be held as finally discharged of all his Debts contrafted before the Application for Sequestration, so far as the same may afftft his Person, or any personal Ellate to be acquired by him after the Date of the Discharge; and this Petition being intimated upon the Wall, and in the two Edinburgh Newspapers before mentioned, the Court shall, at the Distance of not less than three Months thereafter, resume the Consideration thereof; and if no Objection is made, they shall pronounce an Act, or Order, in Terms of the Prayer of the Petition; but if Appearance is made by any of the Creditors, objecting the Discharge ought not to be granted, on Account of the Bankrupt’s not having made a fair Discovery and Surrender of his Estate, or that he has refused to grant a Disposition to the Trustee, as ordered by the Court, or has wilfully not attended the Diets of Examination, or has been guilty of any Collusion, or that his Bankruptcy did not arise from innocent Misfortunes, or Lodes in Business, but from culpable or undue Conduct, the Court shall judge of these Objections, and allow a Proof of them, if it is thought necessary, and shall either grant or refuse the Discharge, as the Nature and Justice of the Case may require; the Bankrupt always taking an Oath before the Court, or upon Commission, when Judgment is pronounced in his Favour, and before the Act can be extracted, that he has faithfully complied with all the Requisites of the Statute, and has used no undue Influence, nor had Recourse to any Compromise with his Creditors, or any of them, to obtain their Concurrence; and if it shall appear that there has been any such Compromise or private Transaction between the Bankrupt and any of his Creditors, the same is hereby declared to be unlawful; and no Action shall lie upon any Bill, or other Security granted in Consequence thereof.

XLIV. Provided always, That if the Bankrupt shall at any Time afterwards cither set up an Equipage, or become possessed of heritable Property, by Succession or otherwise, before he has paid all his Debts, such Equipage or Property shall be liable to be attached by all or any of his Creditors, whether prior or subsequent to the Discharge* as if no such Discharge had taken place; and the same shall only be effectual to protest his Person or other Effects.

XLV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Bankrupt shall obtain a final Discharge, it shall be in the Power of four fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, reckoned as before, convened at any Meeting the reafter, to make him an Allowance of three per Cent. upon the nett Funds divided, but not exceeding the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling in all, if the Dividends amount to less than ten Shillings in the Pound of the Debts, as they stood at the Period of the Sequestration $ and five per Cent. but not exceeding the Sum of two hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling in all, if they amount to ten Shillings, and under twelve Shillings and Sixpence; or seven and an half perCcnt. but not exceeding three hundred Pounds Sterling in all, if they amount to twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and under fifteen Shillings; or ten per Cent. but not exceeding the Sum of four hundred Pounds Sterling in alt, if the Dividends amount to fifteen Shillings in the Pound, or upwards; the said Allowance to be calculated on the nett Amount of the Sums respectively to be divided; and in making the several Dividends, the Trustee shall have in View to deduct so much from each as shall leave a Fund on Hand for answering this Allowance, in case it shall afterwards take place; and if the Allowance shall in the End be refused, a final Dividend shall be made thereof among the Creditors j declaring always, that preferable Creditors who are fully secured, shall not be counted either in the Question about the Allowance, or in applying for the Personal Protection or the Discharge.

XLVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sederunt Book before mentioned shall contain a full Record of all the Proceedings of the Trustee, Minutes of General Meetings, States of Accounts, Schemes of Division^and all other Matters relative to the Trust; and another Duplicate of the whole Papers and Proceedings, ingrossed in the said Book, shall be subscribed by the Trustee, and within

fourteen

t

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 309

fourteen Days after the Proceedings take place, or the Calls, Schemes* and Accounts are made out, shall be transmitted by him to the Clerk to the Sequestration in the Court of Session, to lie among the Records of Court; and the said Book of Sederunt, and the Bankrupt's Books and Papers, and whole other Papers in the Trustee’s Hand's, shall at all Times be made Patent to any Creditor who desires to see the same.

XLVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid*. That when any Application for Sequestration AjijSequfcftrt-shall be made to the Court of Session when fitting, and any Thing shall be left undone at the End of any tip"Wt-1 Session by the Want of Time, the Lord Ordinary on the Bills is hereby authorised and required to do every Thing necessary in Execution of this Act during the Vacation, that he is impowered to do when the Peti- th" Lor<J ordi^ tion for Sequestration is originally presented to him; and in like Manner, when the Application for Se- nary 00 the Bilk guestration is made to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, and any Thing is to bedone to complete the in Time of Session, the Court shall proceed therein in the same Way as if the Petition had been originally presented to themselves.

XLVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any appeal shall be taken against any Court of Session,' Order or Interlocutor of the Court of Session, or against any Ad or Order of the Lord Ordinary upon the ^cndcl",g Bills, in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful and competent to the said Court in Time of Session, makVorTeni for and Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, notwithstanding such Appeal, to make such Orders,* preventing E«-and direct such Proceedings, as shall appear to be expedient for preventing the Estate of the Debtor from bntiement of being embezzled, ferreted, damaged, or dilapidated, while the Aopeal is pendent. Debtor’s Eftatt.

XLIX. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Petition for Sequestration On Death of under the Authority of this Act is presented, it shall be competent for any other Creditor to concur therein, Creditor who and to follow forth the same, even without the Consent or after the Death of the Creditor or Creditors ori- pc'itioVfor ginally petitioning; and the Expence disbursed therein shall be repaid by the Factor or Trustee, out of the Sequestration, first End of the Debtor's Estate, to the Creditor or Creditors by whom the same is disbursed *, and if the any other Credt-Bankrupt shall happen to die in the mean Time, the Proceedings under this Act shall notwithstanding be t0f m*y follow carried on and followed out to their Conclusion, as if he were in Life. forth the same.

L. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Session Court of Sessioa

toeflabiifh such further Regulations as shall appear to them most proper for carrying this Act into effectual ®*y establish Execution according to the tiue Intent thereof, and to publish the same in any Act or Acts of Sederunt, c5fff-cut which shall be in Force in so Dr as is consistent with this Act. ingthi*Act.

LI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at the Meeting held as aforesaid for appointing Meeting ©fCre-

a Trustee on the Bankrupt’s E state, or any subsequent Meeting called for the Purpose, it is determined ditors may ap-

by a Majority of Creditors in Value, that the Estate ought to be v« sted in a Fador accountable to the point* Fatfor Court of Session, and not in the Person of a Trustee j the Person chosen by the Majof^ty in Value aforesaid of*

shall be, by the Court of Session, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills, appointed a Fador on the said Estate, session.* 0 and shall be vested in the same, and obliged to manage, recover, fell, and dispose of the same, and to divide the Proceeds thereof, in the same Way and Manner as the Trustee is directed by this Act, and under such Regulations as the Court of Session may think proper to lay down for his Conduct; and the Bankrupt mayalso in such Case be discharged, and intitled to the same Allowances and Privileges, and subject to the same Conditions as aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be construed by all TMiAfl to e*i Judges in the most beneficial Manner for promoting the Ends hereby intended; and that the same shall be to Women, extended to all Women as well as Men, who fail under the Description before recited*

LIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rates or Duties imposed by any Statutes Auflions under upon Estates or EffedL f-Id by Auction, shall be eligible upon any Estates or Eiteds, real or persona), thisAanot liable fold under the Authority of this Act. to any Duties,

LIV. And whereas Doubts may arise, whether any Proceedings can be held on the Sequestrations that

have been awarded under the said Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued by that of the twemieih’Year of his present Majesty, after the same expires for removing all such

Doubts, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Sequestration has $equest,-,t;on# been or shall be obtained under the said late Ad, before it expires, the same shall continue in Force for fix obtained under Months after the Commencement id* this present Act; during which Time it shall be lawful and compe- the a£ 12 Geo. tent for any Creditor whole Debt amounts to the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or any two Creditors III. t°continue whose Debts amount to the Sum ofone hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any three or more Creditors j^Jn7hse after whose Debts amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling, or upwards, or to the Bankrupt himself, the Commenct-with Consent of one or more of such Creditors, to apply, by summary Petition, to the Court of Session, or ment of this the Lord Ordinary upon the Bills in Vacation, representing that the said Bankrupt is a Merchant, or other- Act; during wife under the Description of this present Act, and therefore praying to have the Sequestration renewed, which Time, with the Addition of ail Lands and other heritable Subjects belonging to the Bankrupt within Scotland \ J and upon Production of their Grounds of Debt, and making Oath a&Vequired in other Cases of Sequtftra- co?urt of Sertion* tion under this Act, the same Regulations shall be followed out as if there had been no previous Se- in order to have questr’ation of the said Bankrupt’s personal Effects, but saving any Right which the Creditors have ac- the Sequestration quired by the said former Sequestration; and in case the Creditors shall name a new Factor or Trustee icnewe^ under this present Act> the former Fadoror Trustee shall be obliged to denude in his Favour, and convey and deliver all Effects, Monies, Papers, Books, Documents, and Writings, of every Kind, in his Hands, in any Shape relating to the sequestrated Estate, to the said new Fador or Trustee, for Behoof of the Creditors; and if the Case does not fall within the Description of this present Act, it shall be lawful and competent for any one or more of the Creditors, but not for the Bankrupt himself, to apply to the said Court, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills, by summary Petition, within the said Time, praying that the Sequestration of the personal Effects shall still subsist, and be carried on under such Regulations as the Vol. XIV. Part III. S« Court

L.00

3io

So flinch of the Aan Geo. III. at relate* to Sills and Promissory Note*, made perpetual.

Commencement and Continuance tf this Act»

[Preamble.]

Recital of It Geo. III. tap

The recited Act repeal.

All ProceelinsB upon the former Act dectar-rd *oH, and Mr. "Whitch* II rffto-red to hit Eilatf 9 dtc.

Mr. Whirehill

restrained from aoinp out «~r the Kingdom *cf«»e Feb.I. 17^4 and to enter into Recognizance for that Purpose with Surturn.

C. 19. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Court shall think proper to deviseor appoint, confidently with the general Plan of the said late Act of Parliament; and to the Effect of obtaining an equal Distribution of such personal Estate, in Terms of the said late Act; which the Court, or Lord Ordinary, may allow, unless sufficient Cause is shewn to the contrary.

LV. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that so much of the said Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes, hath been of great Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandf be it therefore enacted, That so much, and such Part of the said Act, shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual: And that all the Poweis, Authorities, and Regulations contained in this Act, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, shall take Place and have Continuance, from and after the Expiration of this present Session of Parliament, and from thence for and during the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for compelling John Whitehill Esquire, to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate and Effects forfeited in consequence of the said Act; and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for competing John Whitehill Esquire to return into this Kingdom; and for retraining him, in case of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time *, and for discovering his Estate and Effects and preventing the transporting or alienating of the same\) reciting, That the said John Whitehill, then- tofore Governor and President of the Settlement of Fort Saint George on the Coast of Corromandel, in the East Indies, and Member of the Council of the Select Committee of the Settlement aforesaid, appeared, from various Papers and Records of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by reason of his Conduct as Governor and one of the Council and of the Select Committee of the Settlement aforesaid, to be a fit Object of Justice in Parliament; and reciting. That the said John Whitehill was then out of this Kingdom: And to the End that the Person, and Estates real and personal, of the said John Whitehill, might be forthcoming and secured, so as to be liable to Justice in Parliament, it is thereby (among other Things) enacted, That if the said John Wloitehill did not return into this Kingdom within the Time by the said Act limited and appointed for that Purpose, so as to be liable to Justice in Parliament then and in such Case he the said John Whitehill should forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all and singular his Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate, of what Nature or Kind soever: And it is also thereby enacted, That all and every the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Monies, and other personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever, of him the said John Whitehill, which should be forfeited and recovered by virtue of the said Act, should be paid and answered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for the future Disposition of Parliament: And whereas the said John Whitehill hath since voluntarily returned into, and now remains, in this Kingdom, and is amenable to Justice in Parliament; but inasmuch as his said Return was not until after the Expira- tion of the Time limited by the said Act for that Purpose, by reason whereof, and by virtue of the said Act, all and singular his Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts* and personal Estate, became forfeited to his Majesty, subject to the Disposition of Parliament: And whereas the respective Times by the said Act limited for the said John Whitehill to enter into Recognizance for his Continuance in this Kingdom, and for his delivering an Inventory of his Estate and Effects, and for the Examinations therein mentioned touching the same, are expired, and it being just and expedient that further Time be allowed for thofa Purposes :* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and the several Clauses and Provisions therein contained, shall be, and the lame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Proceedings upon the said recited Act, touching the said Fo'feituie, which may have been heretofore commenced, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be null and void; and that the said John Whitehill shall be, and he is hereby restored to all and singular his Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, real and personal Estate, Monies, Debts, and Effects, of whar Nature or Kind soever, which he hath forfeited by the said Act, and that the same shall be vetted in and belo fg to hon, in as large, full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same were veiled in and did belong to him immediately before the passing the said Act, or as if the said Aci had never been made.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That he the said John Whitehill Esquire (had not go or depart out of the Kingdom before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and that the said John Whitehill Esquire shall, within the Space of twezry-eight Days next afrer the passing this Act, in due Form of Law, enter into one or more Recognizance or Recognizances to his Majesty, with two or more sufficient Sureties, before the Lord Chief Baron, or two other

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 19. 311

of the Barons, of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, in the Penalty of fifty thousand Pounds for the said John Whit dill Esquire, and in the Penalty of twenty thousand Pounds for his Sureties, no one of such Sureties being in a less Penalty than five thousand Pounds; which said several Recognizances (Full bemade upon this Condition, That if the said J*hn Whitehill Esquire, who shall enter into such Recognizance, shall not go or depart out of this Kingdom before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, then such Recognizances shall be void, otherwise the same shall remain in Force; for the taking, entering, and enrolling of which Recognizance or Recognizinces, the said Lord Chief Baron or Barons, or other Officer, shall take ten Shillings and no more, defiles the Stamp-duty:

And in case the said John Whitehill Esquire shall neglect to enter into such Recognizance within the Space cafehene-of twenty-eight Days next after the passing this Act, he shall, by the said Lord Chief Baron or Barons, or Renter in any two or more of them, be committed to the Prison of the Fleet% there to remain, without Bail or Main.- B"wof prize, until the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or until he shall the Exchequer enter into such Recognizance, with Sureties as aforesaid; and the said Lord Chief Baron or Barons, or may commit him any two or more of them, are hereby respectively authorised and required to issue his or their Warrant or to, hc Fi<*« *and Warrants for that Purpose: And if the said John Whitehill Esquire shall, before the first Day of February one K^jo^brf'e thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, go or depart out of this Kingdom, he, and all and every Person or Persons who shall willingly be aiding and assisting to such Departure, shall forfeit to the King, his Heirs and h-s AiM^ntt and Successors, all and singular his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all and fin- therein/hail for-gular his, her, or their personal Estate and Effects, oi what Nature or Kind soever. feit their Estate*.

IV. And, in order to a full Discovery of the Estate and Effects of the said John Whitehill Esquire/ be it John Whitehall enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Whitehill Esquire shall, within thirty Days next E^uirr« after the passing this Act, deliver in, on Oath, before the Lord Chief Baron, or two other of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being, (which said Oath the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons dTi?vlr?nt are hereby impowered to administer) two several and exact Particulars or Inventories, both of the same Im- the Court of port and Tenor, of all and Angular the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, Exchequer, un and personal Estate whatsoever, in Europe, the East Indies, China, or elsewhere, which he was seised or 9ath»tw° Par* possessed of, or entitled to, in his own Right, and which any other Person or Persons was or were seised or £4"da?rl possefledof in Trust for him, or to or for his Useor Benefit, upon the first Day of April, one thousand seven memsi Goods, hundred and eighty-one, or at any Time after (his Wearing Apparel, the Furniture of any House or &c.

Houses, and Stock upon any Farm or Farms belonging to him the said John Whitehill Esquire,* excepted): And in case the said John Whitehill Esquire, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, with his Privity, since the first Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, hath conveyed, aliened, transferred, or otherwise disposed of any Part of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels,

Debts, or personal Estate as aforesaid, which he, or any other Person for him, or to his Use, was seised or possessed of, or entitled to, on the said first Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, or at any Time after, then such Particulars Inventories shall contain a true Account of what Part of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate as aforesaid, hath been so conveyed, aliened, or transferred, and to what Person or Persons by Name, at what Time, and whether for any and what Price or Consideration, either paid down, or secured to be paid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Chief Baron, and other the Ba- forom of the ronsof the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being, to whom any such Particular or Inventory, or Par- Exchequer ro ticulars or Inventories, shall be delivered in on Oath, in pursuance of this Act, shall, within convenient Micron* Du-Time after such Particulars and Inventories shall have been delivered in respectively, deliver one Duplicate thereof to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Speaker of the House of Lords for the Time being, syrAlr of to be by him forthwith laid before the House of Lords; and one other Duplicate thereof to the Speaker of the House of the House of Commons, to be by him forthwith hid before the House of Commons, in case a Parliament Lords, the be then fitting, and in case no Parliament be then fitting, then as soon as conveniently may be in the then cthcrktotj/. next Session of Parliament; and if it shall appear, upon Inspection or Perusal of such Particulars or Inven- House of Com-tories, or either of them, by the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, that the mon9, fame, or either of them, are evasive or uncertain, or if Signification shall be made from either House of if the Particu. Parliament, by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Speaker of the House of Lords, or the Ian shall appear Speaker of the House of Commons, respectively, that a further Examination should be thereupon had, or r un*c

if information shall be given upon Oath to any of them the Lord Chief Baron or Barons respectively, of any the VaronTof the Concealment, Omission, or Falfity in such Particulars and Inventories, or either of them, or in any Mat- Exchequer are t« ter or Thing therein contained, then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said examine the-Pe*. Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or metre of them, and they are hereby required, to examine on son* deli^eiing Oath the Persons delivering such Particulars and Inventories as aforesaid, upon such Interrogatories, touch- r, IB€* ing all and Angular the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate whatsoever, and such other Things, as may tend to disclose his Estate, or any fi cret Grants, Conveyances, or Disposition of his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and perfi nal Estate as aforesaid, as they shall think meet; and in order to such Examination, the said Lord InT>eF*urtof Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to summon and Attendance upon call before them the said john Whitehill Esquire, at such Times and Places as they shall think proper 5 and '

in Default of Attendance upon any such Summons, the said Lord Chief Baron and Baron?, or any two or Barors, they more of them, shall and may issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to any fit Person or Persons as they irxyiffbe their shall think meet, to apprehend and bring before them the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or w*rr*nt for ap. more of them, the said John Whitehill Esquire, at such Times and Places as shall be expressed in such War- who.

rant and Warrants; and if thereupon the said John Whitehill Esquire shall refuse to be examined, or to answer fully to every Interrogatory to be administered to him by the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any examined, &c. two or more of them, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of ftuilbecoa-

S s z. tketo-

312

Persons detaining any Pitt f t the Property of John Whitehill Esq. or able to give Informati»>n concerning the same, and who shall refute to come before the said B iront, &c» when 1-wfuiiy ftimm-med, shall be com-jutted.

John Whitehill fclq. d.ltttled from aliening r incumbering his re-tl Estate un'ii Feb. t, *784 j and also from aligning his personal iE’tate, except for certain Put-foieu

This Act not to disable J»hn Whrehill Esq, from riifpofing of his Estate or Eft'c&s in case he shall die bo* fort Feb. i, 1784.

If John White-hill Esquire shall, before

Ecb. I, 1784* convey any of his Monies or Jffedb out of the Realm, (except a* is escepted,) he and his Aiders therein shall be punished as Fclwni*

C. 19. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

them," and they are hereby required, to commit him the said John Whitehill Esqure, so refusing to be examined, or not fully answering, to the Prison of the Fleets tbtie to remain without Bail or Mainprize till he shall submit to be examined, and answer as aforesaid: And in case the said John // hit chill Esquire shall ne-gLd or refuse to deliver in such Particulars or Inventories of his Eftare 01 E dates, teal and personal, in Manner herein-before mentioned, or shall not, within the Space ot eight Days after his being committed, fub-mir m be examined, or fully to answer as aforesaid, or shall be g jilty of any wilful Concealment, Omission, or Falfity, amounting in the Whole to the Value of five hundred Pounds, in any Examination had in pursuance of this Act, then, or in any of the said cases, he the said John ll'hitehill Esquire shall forfeit to the King, his Heirs and Successors, all his, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, and personal Estate, of whac Kind or Nature soever.

VI. And be it furth-r enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being known or suspedied to have rfr detain any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, G >ods. Chattels, or pufonal Estate, of the said John Whitehill Esquire, or to be able to give Information or Evidence concerning the same, or to be indebted to or for the Benefit of him the said John Whitehill Esquire, (hill, after lawful Summons to appear before the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, to be examined concerning the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, and personal Estate, of him the said John Whitehill Esquire, in any Matter or Thing concerning the same, neglect or refuse to come before the Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, at the Time appointed in such Summons, having no lawful Impediment, such as shall be allowed by the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and which shall be signified and made known to the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or an) two or more of them, or shall refuse to be sworn, or to make answer to such Interrogatories as shall be administered to him, her, or them respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act (which said Summons, and Examination on Oath, upon Interrogatories, to be administered to every such Person or Persons, the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to issue, take, and administer), then, and in the Lid respective cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby required, to issue their Warrant or Warrants to such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to apprehend any Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to appear as aforesaid, and to bring him, her, or them, before the said Lord Chiel Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, to be examined as aforesaid, and to commit to the said P/ifon of the Ficet all and every such Person or Persons as shall so refuse to be sworn, or make answer to such Interrogatories as shall be administered as aforesaid, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as the said Person or Persons so refusing to be sworn* or to answer to such Interrogatories as Avail be administered as aforesaid, shall submit him, her, or themselves. to be examined according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Whitehill Esquire shall, until the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred a,pd eighty-four, be, and he is hereby disabled from and made incapable of conveying, aliening, settling, charging, or incumoenng, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to which he, or any Person or Persons m Trust for him, or for his Ufeand Benefit, is, are, or shall be entitled, or hath or have any Right or Title; and also during the Time aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby difubled from aligning, conveying, granting, transferring, or making over any of his personal Estates, in Trust for himself, his Wife, or Children, and alf> from otherwise dnpofing of his personal Estate (except for the Subsistence of himself and Family, or for paying such just: Debts as are or shall be contracted, and due, by him before the twenty-ninth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and except peplhable Goods, and also except with respect to so much of the personal Estate of the said John Whitehill Esquire as shall be fulfiefent to indemnify his Sureties in the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, so to be entered into as herein-before directed).

VIII. Provided always, That this Act shall not disable him the said John Whitehill Esquire from disposing of his Estate or Effects by his last Will and Testament, in case he shall happen to die before the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, subject nevertheless to the Justice and Dif-pofnion of Parliament; nor shall this Act restrain or disable the said John Whitehill Esquire from concurring in any Alignment or Transfer of any Mortgage or Incumbrance aftddting his real Estate on the twenty-ninth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and created for securing Money bona fide & ue and owing on such Mortgage or Incumbrance; ft*, nevertheless, as no further Sum shall be advanced on such Mortgage or Incumbrance, than was actually due and owing on the said twenty-ninth. Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, he the said John Whitehill Esquire shall not transport or convey, or cause to be transported or conveyed, any of his Goods, Chattels, Monies, or Effects whatsoever, of what Nature or Kind soever, out of the Realm, other than Ships or Shares of Ships, whereof he was possessed oir the twenty-ninth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and other than for paying such just Debts as are or shall be contracted and due by him on the said twenty-ninth Day'of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and which Aral) be accordingly paid and farisfied with such Goods, Chattels, Monies, and Effects; and if he the said John Whitehill Esquire Aiall, before the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, transport or convey, or cause to be transported or conveyed, any of his Goods, Chattels, Monies, or other Effects whatsoever, out of this Realm, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then, and in every such Case, he the said John Whitehill Esquire so offending, and every other Person knowingly and willingly aiding and aififting the rein, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And, for the more effectual Discovery of the Estate and Effects of the said John Whitehill Esquire,* be

it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons now being within this Kingdom, or

C. 20.

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio G

RnH'fiTI

ITT

who shall hereafter arrive in th;s Kingdom, who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall conceal or pro'eit any Estate, rea' or personal, of him the said John Whitehill Esquire, and shall not (before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eigbey-four, with respect to such Persons now being in this Kingdom, and within six Calendar Months next after their Arrival in this Kingdom, with respect to such Persons as are now out of the same) truly discover or disclose such Trust and Elta.e, in Writing, to the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them for the Time being shall forfeit Treble the Value of the Estate, real or personal, <b concealed, one Moiery thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the ocher Moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall fuc for the lame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Piainf, or Information, wherein no ElFoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance (in which cases, Costs shall be allowed to the Plaintiff, as in other cases), and shall suffer Imprisonment for one whole Year, without Bail or Main-p] ize.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall, before the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighey-four, voluntarily come before the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and make a true Discovery upon Oath, of any Part of the Estates, real or perfi.nal, of him the said John Whit eh ill Esquire, which shall have been concealed, and not inserted or discovered ny any Particular or Inventory delivered in by the said John Whitehill Esquire, as is above directed, or on his Examination, shall be allowed, after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate or Effe£b so discovered, being in any Part beyond the Seas, and after the Rate often Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate and EffedL so discovered, remaining within the Kingdom; to be paid and allowed to such Person or Persons out of the nett Proceeds of such Estate or Effefls which shall be recovered on such Discovery.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall fend, or cause to be sent, one or more Copy or Copies, duly authenticated, of the Particulars or Inventories herein-before directed to be delivered on Oath to the Lord Chief Baron or Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster for the Time being, to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, and to the Mayor's Court at Fort Saint George^ and Bombay, respectively; which said Copy or Copies the Judges of the Courts aforesaid are hereby respectively required to enter of Record within Eight Days after the Receipt thereof: And that if any Person or Persons mall, within the Space of one Year after such Copy or Copies shall have been entered of Record, make a true Discovery on Oath, in Writing, to the Chier J u ft ice, or the Mayor, or to one other of the Justices, or two or more of the Aldermen of any of the Courts abovemenuoned, of any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, or personal Estate whatsoever, of the said John Whitehill Esquire, which shall have been wilfully concealed, and not inserted in such Copy or Copies, or not disclosed on any Examinations of the said John Whitehill Esquire, had in pursuance of this Act, then and in such Case such Person or Persons so discovering, shall be allowed, after the Rate of twenty Pounds^;* Centum, according to the Value of such Estate or Effects so discovered, to be p^id and allowed out of the nett Proceeds of such Estate or EffVdls which shall be recovered on such Discovery; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George and Bombay, respectively, to sue for and recover the Estate and Effedb so discovered, in the Name of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

XIII. And, for the more effectual Disc' very of such Part of the Estate and Effects of the said John White /;///Esquire, which may now be in the East Indies,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons resident in India, who shall have accepted any Trustor Trusts, and shall conceal or protect any Estate real or personal, of or for him the said John Whitehill Esquire, and shall not, within six Calendar Months after the Copy or Copies of the Particulars and Inventories herein-before mentioned shall have been entered of Record, as is herein above directed, truly discover or disclose such Trust or Estate, in Writing, to the said Chief Justice, or one of the Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, or to the Mayor, or two or more of the Aldermen of the Mayor’s Court at Fort Saint George and Bombay, respectively, for the Time being, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the Estate, real or personal, so concealed; one Moiety thereof to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and the other Moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same; to be recovered by such Action, Bill, or other Proceeding, as is competent in such Courts respectively, for the Recovery of Debts dufc and owing; in which cases, Costs shall be allowed to the Plaintiff; and in case the Offender be a British Subject, shall suffer Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the respective Courts above mentioned, not exceeding one whole Year, without Bail or Mainprize.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Charteis, Monies, and other personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever, of him the said John Whitehill Esquire, which shall be forfeited and recovered by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and answered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for the future Disposition of Parliament, and subject to such Allowance to Discovereis as aforesaid i any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XX.

An Act for building a new Shire Hall and Guild Hall for the County of Salop, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

3*3

Penalty on Persons who ili.il conceal any Estate belonging to John White-hiii Etquiic,

Allowance to be made to Person J making LMco-veries of any Estate or Effca»~ concealed.

East Inttfa Company to fend ail authenticated Copy of the Par-ficuLrs delivered into the Court of Exchequer, to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ben- gal, Arc. Allowance to Pei i ons making. Discovety of concealed Estates qr Este^a in India,

Penalty on Persons in India who ftiali feCrete any Estate. real or personal, after a limited Time.

Forfeited E ft ates^ &c. to be paid into the Exchequer*

[Publick Act.]

C Act

314 C. 21 - 23. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii i III. A.D. 1783.

Preamble«

Buonty to be paid on Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Til-lettings, & c, piinted, stained, or dyed in Great Biittin.

19 Geo. IK »P* 15.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the Manufacture of Linen, Callicoes, and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen,

and the printing, painting, flaining, and dying thereof, would be greatly improved, and the Exportation thereof to Foreign Parts considerably increased, if a Bounty was allowed on the Exportation of all British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, of a certain Value, printed, painted, (Lined, or dyed, in Great Britain:f May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be given and paid, without any Fee, Reward, or Deduction whatsoever, a Bounty for every YarJ of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, and for every Yard of British or Irish Linen, and of British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, of the Breadth of twenty-five Inches or more, which, before the printing, painting, (Lining, or dying thereof, shall be under the Value of Five-pence per Yard, the Sum of one Halfpenny; and of the Value of Five-per.ce per Yard, and under the Value of Six* pence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny; and of the Value of Six-pence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of Eighteen- pence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny; which, from and after the passing of this Act, until the twenty-eighth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be exported out of Great Britain, to Mr tea, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, or the East Indies, in the same Manner, and under the like Provisions, Conditions, Limitations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are mentioned and contained in an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Tarns made of Flax), touching the Bounties thereby given upon the Linens therein mentioned to be exported.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

[Preamble.]

Act 3 Geo. I. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, &c. made since Sept. 29, 1717, to be good in Law, ifinrolled before Sept. 1, 1783. This Act not to extend to Deeds, SsV. the Validity whereof has been brought in question before Jan. 1, 1783. Purchases made by Protestants not to be avoided, on account of the Title-deeds not having been inrolled, tftc. This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Presentation to any Benefice, &c. in Trust for any Papist."

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to prevent Prisoners in the King's Bench Prison, or the Rules thereof, or their Families or Servants, gaining Settlements in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey; and for the Relief of the said Parish, with respect to the Families of Prisoners in the said King's Bench, or the Marshalsea Prison, or in the County Gaol, or House of Correction belonging to the said County; for regulating the manner of chusing Overseers of the Poor; and for appointing Collectors of the Poor's Rates, within the said Parish.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS there are situate within the Parish of Saint George the Martyr in Southwark in the County of Surrey the following Prisons videlicet the King's Bench Prison the Prison of his Majesty's Palace Court called The Marshalsea the common Gaol of the said County of Surrey called

Prisoners »n frier at Frilor.s Jjr-com'* ch^ge-sM<r to ihc P*-

*i&.

The New Gaol, and the House of Correction for the said County, called The New Bridewell: And whereas the Rules of the said King's Bench Prison extend over the Whole of the said Parish, except a small Part thereof j and great Numbers of Prisoners are permitted to live out of the said Prison, but within the said Rules; many of whom, with large Families, and in distrested Circumstances, rent Houses, or Parts of Houses, or Lodgings ready-furnished, which making them liar.lc to be rated, and to pay Parish Rates and Taxes, they would thereby gain Settlements, and many of which Prisoners and their Families have be- come chargeable to the said Parish, anu of course heavy and grievous Burthens on the Inhabitants:

[The Families of Prisoners in the several Prisons become charge able to the Parish.]

And whereas many Persons gain Settlements in the said Parish, by living as yearly hired Servants with Prison- ers residing within the said Prison, or the said Rules, several of which Servants being Women of bad Cha- rafter, become, together with their Bastard Children, chargeable to the said Parish: And whereas the Families of Persons being Prisoners in the Marshalsea Prison, County Gaol, or House of Correction, are frequently sent from the said Prisons sick, or otherwise distrested, to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, for Relief, and are by them supported, and, when able, removed to their respective Places of Settlement, if the same can be found out; which brings many heavy Expences on the said Parish, some of such Places of Settlement having proved to be at very great Distances from the said Parish: And whereas the several extraordinary Expences before mentioned greatly enhance the Distress of the said Parish,

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23.

3l5

Prisoners in King’s Benchf or Rule, nor to gain Settlements St. George’s

Hoafe* or Lodgings, cr being rated to the Poor; nor their Servants.

Relief given by the Parish to Families of Persons who are in the King’s Bench or Msr-

rish, the Poorj of which are very numerous and the Inhabitants chiefly Tenants at Rack-Rent, and

very heavily taxed in all Respects; and the said Parish, being the great Avenue to London* from Pertf-

mouth, Dover, and other Parts* many Travelers, and poor Persons of every Description, flop and ! >dge in the said Parish, in Hous s let by the Owners or Occupiers thereof in Tenements, or in ParceL, to Under Tenants, or in Lodgings or separare Apartments, whereby the Number of casual Po.n ae much encreased: And whereas the Poor of the said PamA), b >th in and out of the Workhouse, might be more properly employed and maintained, if the wfvde Number of Overseers of the Poor were not to be appointed at One and the same Time in every Ye^r; and as the Business of collecting the Money on the Poor’s Rates within the said Parish requires more than ordinary Attendance and Diligence, it wou’d be a great Relief to the Inhabitants serving the laborious Office of Overseer, and might be a Means of the said Rates being more strictly collected, if Power was given to the Vt ftry of the said Parish to appoint Collectors of the Poor’s Rates Wherefore, for the Relief and Convenience of the said Parish, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the TCing's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this A£, no Person or Persons whomsoever, now a Prisoner or Prisoners, or who shall hereafter become a Prisoner or Prisoners in the King's Bench Prison, or the Rules thereof, shall gain or be adjudged or deemed to gain a Settlement in the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark^ in the County of Surrey, by rent-inga House, Part of a House, Lodging, furnished or unfurnisht d, or any other Premises whatsoever, with- P«mfh, by Meant in the said Parish, or by being rated to and paying any Ra’es or Taxes for the same, whilst he, she, or they vf renting shall be such Prisoner or Prisoners; nor shall any Person or Persons g,\in, or be adjudged or deemed to gain, a Settlement within the said Parish, by, or by Renfon or on Account of living, or having lived or relided with any Prisoner or Prisoners, within the said Prison, or the Rules thereof, as or in the Capacity of a hired Servant; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons, being a Prisoner or Prisoners in

the said Prison of the King's bench, or the Rules thereof, or in the Prison of the Marshalsea, or any Person or Persons being a Part of, or belonging to the Family of any such Prisoner, or being a Servant or Servants to any such Prisoner, shall be relieved or supported, or removed to their respective Places of Settlement, by the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr, or shall become anyways burthensome to the said Parish, all such Charges and Expences as shall be actually incurred and paid by the Overseers of the Poor, or Vestry of the to be re-

said Parish, on any of the above Accounts, shall be borne and repaid to the said Overseers, by the respective Parishes and Places to which they shall belong; and shall and may be, by them or either of them, re- r^c,lVCtoVe recovered of and from any Overseer of the Poor of the respective Parish or Place, by Action of Debt, Bill, covered by Ac-Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the City of London

tion of Debt.&c. don* to be commenced and prosecuted by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish,

or one of them; in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; every Account of such Charges and Expences being first examined and signed by a Justice of the Peace, acting in and for the Eastern Half Hundred of Brixton, and Borough of South-work, in the County of Surrey, no‘ being an Inh^bflant of the said Parish.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, belonging to, or being Part of the Family of any Prisoner or Prisoners in the said County Gaol or House of Correction, or any Child or Children, born in either of the said Prisons, shall become chargeable to the said Parish, either for Relief or Maintenance, or to be removed to their Settlement, all Charges and Expences incurred by the said Parish shall be repaid to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, by the Treasurer of the said County of Surrey* out of the Money belonging to the said County; and in order thereto, the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish shall, once in every Year, or ofrener if they shall think fit, make out a clear and particular Account, in Writing, of such Expences as shall, to the Time of making out such Account, have been incurred and paid, or provided for by the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, on Account of the respective Persons who shall have been so relieved or supported by the said Parish, or removed from thence to their Places of Settlement; which Account the said Overseers shall, after signing the same, lay before two of the Justices of the Peace for the Eastern Half Hundred of Brixton, and Borough of Southwark, in the said County of Surrey, not being Inhabitants of the said Parish, who shall, and are hereby required upon Application b.ing made to them for that Purpose, inspect such Account, and, if they think it necessary, examine the Lid Overseers, or any of them, or their Books or Accounts, touching any the Charges in the Account laid before them 5 a»d, unlel's the Lid Account shall appear to such Justices to be fraudulent or unreaf mable, they shall immediately sign and allow the fame; which Account, being produced and delivered to the Treasurer for the said County for the Time being, shall he a sufficient. W,«pant and Authority to him for paying the full Sum thereto contained, and which he is hereby requited to pay on Demand; all which Sums of Money, so to be from Time to Time paid, shall be allowed in Account to him* as Treasurer for the said County of Surrey.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and overy Person and Persons, whether Owner, Lessee, Landlord, Renter, or Tenant, who shall let his or her R u e, Tenement, or other Premises, within the said Parish, ready-fu nished, or in Parcels, or Lp.irte Apartments, or in Lodgings futn shed or unfurnished, shad be deemed »he Occupier thereof, and shall b>e subject to be rated to and njy the Poor’s Rates, mid all other par'chial Rates and Taxes of the said Parish; wh - h Rate or Rates, Assessrr.ent or Assessments, shall be paid determined by the Person or Persons renting o occupying any such ready-furmshed H* use, or any <ui h Parcel or separate Apartments, or re rdv-furnished Lodyi gs; anu the Person or Persons, Occupier or Occupiers, of whom thr fame shall be demanded, is and <re hereby authorised and required ‘o pay m< h Sum ind bums of Money as shall be so rat«-d or affi fled upon the Owner, Lessee, Landlord, Renter, or Tenant, and to deduct the same out of his, her, or their respective Rent or Rents j and such Owner, Lcilee, Landlord,

Relief given by the Parish to the Families ol Prisoners in the County Gaol, or House of Correction, to be repaid by the Treasurer of the County, out of the County Stock.

The Owners of divided Htuft* To be ant wo abl# for the Kites,

3*6

Unner of «p* po'nting Overmen in future.

The Vestry may p^oint Col-Jetfora of the Poor's Rates.

Collrflcri to «c* count.

if they refuse to account,&c. may he committed.

C. 23.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Renter, or Tenant, is and are hereby respectively required to allow such Payment upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rent or Rents; and every such Person or Persons, Occupier or Occupiers, paying such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged, of and for so much of his, her, or their Rent or Rents as the said Rate or Rates, AffciLnent or Assessments, so paid by him, her, or them, shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Pe;son or Persons to whom his or her Rent shall be due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, the same shall be and remain a Charge upon the Premises in respectc whereof the same shall be so rated or assess'ed, and shall or may be recover* d of and from such Owner, Lessee, Landlord, Renter, or Tenant, respectively, by Action of Debt, B 11, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Requests holden in the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to be commenced and prosecuted by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, or one of them; in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

V. And be it further enacted, That on Easter Tuesday, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr, assembled in Vestry, shall nominate four substantial householders to serve the Office of Overseer of the Poor of the said Par»(h, and shall cause a List of the Names of the said four Persons to be delivered to the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Eastern Half Hundred of Brixtony and Borough of Southwark^ in the said County of Surrey, at the next eniuing Petty Session, for their Appointment of two of the said four Persons to be Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish; who shall continue in their said Office until Eajhr Tucfiay, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and until the Petty Session then next following, when two others shall be appointed in Manner aforesaid, to act in their Steads: Provided nevertheless, That two of the prefcm Overseers, videlicet, Joshua Lee^ and Alexander Charnlcy, shall continue in their said Office of Overseer unil two others are appointed at the Time herein after mentioned, and no longer; and that on the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Inhabitants of the said Parish in Vestry assembled, shall nominate four substantial Householders of the said Parish to serve the Office of Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish for the Year ensuing, a id shall cause a Lilt of such four Persons to be delivered to the said Justices at their next Petty Session, who shall appoint two of the Four so nominated, to be Overseers in the Room of the said joshua Lee and Alexander Char nicy; provided that Notice shall be given in the said Parish Church, on the Sunday next before Easter Tuesday, and the twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Year, for the Inhabitants to meet in Veltiy on Easter Tuesday, and the twenty-ninth Day of September, annually, for the ' Purpose ofehufing Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish; and tuat for the future the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish shall continue lobe nominated and appointed at the Times, and in Manner as is herein before directed, and not otherwise: Provided always, That if the twenty-ninth Day of September shall happen to be on a Suttday, then the Nomination to be on the next Day; and that if no Petty Session shall be held within one Month after Easter Tuesday, or within one Month after the twenty ninth Day of September respectively, any two Justices, dwelling within or near the said Parish. shall, upon being applied to for that Purpose, appoint two Persons out of each Lift, asdiredted by this Act to be made, to be Overseers of the Poor of: he said Parish for the Year ensuing; and if any Overseer (h ill die, or remove out of the said Parish, the said Justices may, on Application as aforesaid, appoint another in the Room of him fode-cealed or removed; and that ail Overseers of the Poor of the said Paiith so choien, shall be subject to the several Laws relating to the Office of Overseer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the Iai5 Parish of Saint George tht Martyr, or the Major Part of them, at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose, such maj>r Part not being less than nine, and they are hereby fully aulhonfed and impowered, from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, to chuse and appoint one or more fit Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors of the Poor’s Rates of the said Parish, and such Collector and Collectors is and are hereby authorised and impowered to coll dt and levy the lame accordingly; and for the better enabling him or them so ro do, it shall be lawful f >r such Collector and Collectors to execute all such Warrants of Distress as shall be granted or issued from Time to Time by the Justices of the Peace, against the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Ra^es, in the same Manner, and as fully and efteflually, to all Intents and Purposes, as Overseers of the Poor, by any Law or Laws, cart or may execute like Warrants for recovering the Rates affiffid for the Relief of the Poor; and the said Vest.y, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, at any such Me ting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, from Time to Time, as they think fr, remove any such Person or Persons from being Collector or Collectors of the said Rates, and appoint another or other Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead and shall and may, out of such Rates, make such Allowance to the Collector and Collectors, for his and their Trouble in collecting the same, either by Way of Salary or Poundage, as the said Vestry, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall think fit, so as such Poundage do not exceed Sixpence in the Pound; and they are hereby required to take sufficient Secu'ity of every such Collector, for the faithful accounting for all such Monies as he shall receive by virtue of his said Office; and such Collector and Collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to collect the said Rates, when and as often as any Rate or Assessment shall be made for that Purpose, and from Time to Time to pay over such Monies so by them respectively collected, into the Hands of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, or any two of them, to be applied for the Benefit and Relief of the Poor of the said Parish; and the said Collectors shall respectively make up and render to the said Vestry, four Times in every Year, or oftener, if thereunto required, a full, true, and perfect Account, upon Gath (which Oath the said Vestry, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) of all the Monies so collected and received by them respectively; and if such Collector or Collectors shall refuse or neglect to give in a just Account as aforesaid, qr to pay the Monies remaining in his or their Hands in the Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 24, 25. 317

the Peace for the Eastern Half Hundred of Brixton, and Borough of Southwark, in the said County of Surrey, upon Complaint made to them by any one of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, and Proof thereof by any one or more of them, upon Oarh (which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer) by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Collector or CoJhftors to the Common GaoJ, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have made a true Account, and until such Money, as upon the said Account shall appear to be remaining in his or their Hands, shall be paid and satisfied by such Collector or Collectors, or by his or their Security Or Securities, or shall have compounded for the same, and have paid such Composition Money unto the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish appointed as aforesaid; and which Com-poficion the said Vestry, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, are hereby impowered to make.

VII. And be it father enacted, That the Charges and Expences in and about procuring and passing Expence of this Act, shall be forthwith paid by the Overseers of the Poo^of the said Parish of Saint George the Aiartyr, U»* Aft hovr out of any Parish Money now in, or hereafter tp come into their Hands, which shall be allowed in their tobcP»,d* Account. 1

VIII. And be it further enacted, That ho Nomination, Appointment, Order, Judgement, Conviction, writing to Warrant, or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of or in pursuance of this Act, shall be without

be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever. St*mpt,

IX. And be it further enacted, That ho Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Per- l*ration of son or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of any of the Powers hereby given, or Actioci. ' anyways in relation to thA Precnifes, until twenty-one Days Notice shall have been thereof given in Wjiting to the Vest-y Clerk of the said Parish, nor after Satisfaction or Tender of Amends shall have been mjde; and every such Action or Suit shall h commenced and brought within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the cause of Complaint shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and

nd not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action

brought in the County of Surrey

or ^uir, shall and m ty plead the General Blue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence on General Iflfye. any Trial to be hud thereupon: And if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before twenty-one Days Notice being given as aforesaid, or after the Time herein-before limited in that Btha'f, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, fhen the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonfuired, cr shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the* Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have Treble Cofln afncf be entitled to the like Remedy fop the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

---

[Inhabitants deemed competent Witnesses.]

X. Provided always, That in all such Actions or Suits any of the Inhabitants nf the said Parish, whose Evidence may be necessary, shall be, and are hereby declared to be competent Witnesses, notwithstanding they may be charged to and pay any of the Rates or Taxes within the said Parish.

[Publick Act.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters so far; as the same relates to the Realm of Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

"Cap. 17, of the present Session, continued, within Great Britain, until June 25, 1783; and also the Articles of War."

CAP. XXV.

An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, to sell their Taxes of certain Lands within the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, which have been or may be dug for Turf; and to apply the Money arising from such Sale, towards discharging the Bond Debts of the said Corporation upon Account of those Levels.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of Rp’’al a"

the Fens, called Bedford L<^tJ, Mt was enacted, That JVihi am thi n Earl of Bedford, and the Adventurers Act 15Car. II, and Participants of Francis then late Kail of Bedford, And of the said Earl William, their Heirs and A'-4 signs, in such Manner as therein mentioned, (h.'uld he a LCdy Politick and Corporate, in Deed and Name, and hive Succtfiion for ever, by the N>me of, The Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cenfervutors of tJ?e Great Level of the Fens; an- for the Continuance of the said Corporafton in Succession for ever, the said Governor, Bailiff', and Commonalty, were to be choion annually in Manner fhc;<jin mentioned; and the bid Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any five or more of.

them, whereof the said Governor, Bail ff>, and nftiva’ors, or any of them, were to be two, were thereby empowered to lay Taxes, from Time to Time, on ninety five thousand Acres of Land within

3*8

Cental ef in Act 2oCar.lL for taxing S^oooo Acre* (Parcel of the 95,000) by gradual Acre Tar, and ift.eoo Acres at a Medium of such Tax. The Lands set out into 11 Sor:s or Degrees, according to which the same have since been. Uied.

Th« Great Level divided into Three PtrCSa

By an'A St if

Geo. II. the Nonh Level fe panted from the Mid* die and South Levels*

By i<b Geo. II, new Bonds dirtded to be given by the Corporation for the Debt due on account of the Middle and South Levels*

C. 25. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

the said Level (allotted as a Recompence for draining the said Level), for the Support, Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Levels and to levy the same with Penalties: And, after reciting that twelve thousand Acres, Part of the said ninety-five choufand Acres, had been defigoed and intended for his then late Majesty, and set forth in Severalty, and that his said then late May fly had been'in Pof- session thereof, and had granted two thousand Acres* Parcel thereof, to Jerome Earl of Portland, his Heirs and Assigns, who had fold and granted the lame to other Persons, it was by the said Act enacted, That the said two thousand Acres should be vested in such Persons, subject, with the Residue of the said ninety*five thousand Acres, to all Taxes and Charges necessary and conducing to the Preservation of the said Great Level from drowning: And it was thereby further enacted, That the eighty-three thousand Acres, Remainder of the said ninety-five thousand Acres, should be vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the said Company of Conservators of the said Great Level of the Fens, and their Successors, in Trust for the said William Earl of Bedford, and the Adventurers and Participants of the said Earl Francis and Earl William, their Heirs and Assigns, in such Parts and Proportions as they then held the same, subject nevertheless and liable to the Payment of all Taxes and Charges as aforesaid; and the said ten thousand Acres, whereof his said then late Majesty had been in Possession as aforesaid, were thereby vested in his then Majesty, subject to the like Taxes: And whereas, by another Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twentieth Year of his said late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Taxing and Ajffuig of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Level of the Fens* it was enifled, That all Taxes imposed or to be imposed for Preservation of the said Level should be assessed upon the said eighty-three thousand Acres, Parcel of the said ninety-five thousand Acres, by a gradual Acre Tax of different Sorts and Values of Land; and Surveyors and Valuers were thereby appointed to digest the said eighty-three thousand Acres into a Number of Sorts and Degrees, and to make Returns thereof into the Pen-office, according to which the same were in future to be taxed; and the said twelve thousand Acres, Residue of the said ninety-five thousand Acres, were to be rated at a Medium of the said Tax: And whereas, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, the Surveyors thereby appointed did set out the said eighty-three thousand Acres into eleven Sorts or Degrees of Land, to be rated and taxed in Manner following; that is to say. For a single Tax Four-pence per Acre on the first Sort of Land, Eight-pence per Acre on the second Sort, and so encreasing Four-pence upon every Sort, the eleventh Sort to be taxed at three Shillings and Eight-pence per Acre; and ail greater or lets Sums which the said Corporation should have occasion to levy and raile were to be assessed according to that Proportion; and the said Valuations were returned by the said Surveyors to the Fen office; and the said eighty-three thousand Acres have since been taxed by a gradual Acre-tax, according to the Degrees and Proportions so set out, and the said twelve thousand Acres at a Medium of such Tax: And whereas the said Great Level was divided into three Parts, known and distinguished by the Names of the North Level, the Middle Level, and the South Level: And whereas the yearly Taxes and Revenues of the said Levels having been insufficient for supporting the Works for draining and preserving the same, the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, were obliged to borrow Money at Interest for that Purpose, and by Means thereof contracted very large Debts, some of which were incurred generally upon account of the whole of the said great Level, some upon account of the said North Level only, and others upon account of the said Middle and South Levels: And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the said Corporation was discharged from a Debt of eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen Pounds, eleven Shillings, and Nine-pence, due to the then Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, which had

been incurred upon account of the said North Level; and they were in consequence of the said Act discharged of one thousand eight hundred Pounds, by the said Act provided for discharging the Proportion of the said North Level in a Debt of fourteen thousand three hundred Pounds then due from the said Corporation upon account of the whole of the said great Level; but the said Corporation re- mained liable to a Debt of twelve thousand five hundred Pounds (Residue of the said fourteen thousand three hundred Pounds), and to a Debt of fifteen thousand nine hunderd and forty Pounds (making toge- ther twenty-eight thousand four hundred and forty Pounds), upon account of the said Middle and South

Levels, owing to sundry Persons upon Bonds from the said Corporation under their Common Seal; and the Taxes and Revenues arising from the said North Level were by the said last mentioned Act discharged from the said Debts, and were not to be liable to any future Debts which might be contracted 9 by the said Corporation for or upon account of the said Middle and South Levels; and the Taxes and 9 Revenues arising from the said Middle and South Levels were not to be liable to any Debts thereafter c to be contracted for or upon account of the said North Level: And whereas, by another Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, 9 reciting, (among other Things) That the said Debt of twenty-eight thousand four hundred and forty 9 Pounds had been reduced to twenty-seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, it was enacted, That, during such Time as any Debt should be due upon account of the said Middle and South Levels* 9 all such Parts of the said eighty-three thousand Acres as lie within those Levels, or either of them, should be yearly taxed with a single gradual Acre-tax, and such Parts of the said twelve thousand Acres as lie within those Levels with a Medium of such Tax 5 but it was provided that the said Corporation might assess the same with any future Tax in the same Manner they might have done before the passing of the said Act 5 and it was thereby further enacted, That, in lieu of the then Bonds for securing the said Debt of twenty-seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, the said Corporation should give other Bonds, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, for the respective Sums due to the Persons possessed of the then Bonds, specifying in such new Bonds that the Money secured thereby was due and owing upon account of the said Middle and South Levels; and the Taxes and Revenues of those Le- vels were thereby made a Security for, and charged with the Payment of the Sums mentioned in such Bonds, and the Interest thereof; and the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, were thereby empowered to borrow upon Bonds, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, such Sums of Money

V*

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 25.

as they should judge necessary, for the Use of the said Middle and South Levels, not increasing the

Debt of the said Corporation, upon account of those Levels, beyond the Sum of thirty-two thousand Pounds, declaring, in the Bonds given for such Sums, that the same were due and owing upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels; and the Taxes and Revenues of the said Middle and South Levels were thereby made a Security for the Monies so to be borrowed on Account of those Levels; and such Bonds were thereby made assignable or transferable: And whereas, in pursuance of the last mentioned Act, new Bonds were given by the said Corporation for the said Debt of twenty-seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels, according to the Di- regions of the said Act; and further Sums were borrowed on Bond for the Use of those Levels: And whereas, by another Act of Parliament, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, reciting, or talcing Notice, that the Debt of the said Corporation, upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels, was then encreased to the Sum of thirty thousand seven hundred Pounds, the said Corporation was empowered to borrow upon Bonds, under the Common Seal, any Sums for the Use of the said Middle and South Levels, so as that the Debt of the said Corporation, upon Account of those Levels, including the then Debt of thirty thousand seven hundred Pounds, should not at any Time be made to exceed in the Whole the Sum of forty-four thousand Pounds, declaring in such Bonds that the Money secured thereby was due and owing upon Account of the said Middle andjSouth Le- vels: And it was thereby enacted, That, during such Time as the Debts of the said Corporation,

upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels, should exceed the Sum of thirty-two thousand Pounds, all such Parts of the said eighty-three thousand Acres as lie within those Levels, should be yearly assessed and charged with a Quarter or Fourth Part of a {ingle gradual Acre-tax, over and above the single gradual Acre-tax with which the same were then charged, by the said Act of the twenty- ninth Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and such Part of the said twelve thousand

Acres as laid within those Levels with a Medium of such further Tax; but it was provided that it should be lawful for the said Corporation to charge or assess such further Taxes thereon as they might have done before the making of the said Act; and all the Taxes and Revenues of the said Corporation,

arising from the said Middle and South Levels, were thereby made a Security for the Payment of the aforesaid Debt of thirty thousand seven hundred Pounds, and of such other Sums as should be bor- rowed on Account of those Levels, and the Interest thereof: And whereas, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, several Sums were borrowed for the Purposes thereof, by the said Corporation, upon Bonds under their Common Seal, on account of the said Middle and South Levels, by Means whereof the Debt of the said Corporation, upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, is now cn- creased to the Sum of thirty-five thousand eight hundred Pounds, for which the Taxes and Revenues of the said Corporation, arising from those Levels, are a Security as aforesaid: And whereas the Fuel principally made use of in several Towns, Villages, and Hamlets, within the said Middle and South Levels, is Turf or Pefct dug out of Lands therein; and divers Parts of the said ninety-five thousand Acres of Land, commonly called Adventure Land, so taxed and taxable as aforesaid, lying within the said Middle and South Levels, have been heretofore cut or dug for Turf, and the same, and other Parts

of such Adventure Lands, may be fit to be cut for that purpose; and it will be expedient to enable the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, to fell the said Tax or Taxes, wherewith such Lands as 4 have been so heretofore cut, or now are or hereafter may be fit to cut, for Turf, are now charged by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament aforesaid, or any of them, or wherewith the same might be hereafter charged, by virtue of the Power of Taxation, vested in the said Corporation by the said Acts,

or any of them, and to ?pply the Money arising from such Sale towards Discharge of the said Bond Debts of the said Corporation, upon account of the said Middle and South Levels :* May it therefore please your Majesty, upon the humble Petition of the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level of the Fens, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators of the said Corporation, or any five or more of them, whereof the Governor and Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, to sell and dispose of the said Tax or Taxes, wherewith such Parts of the said ninety-five thousand Acres, lying within the said Middle and South Level?, or either of them, as have been heretofore cut, or now are or hereafter may be fit or proper to cut, for Turf, are now charged or chargeable, by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament aforesaid, or any of them, or wherewith the same Lands might be hereafter charged or assessed by virtue of the Power of Taxation vested in the said Corporation by the said Acts, or any of them, for such Consideration or Considerations in Money as can be agreed upon between the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any five or more of them (whereof the Governor and Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two), and the respective Owners of such Lands and Grounds: And that all and every Sums and Sum of Money, so agreed to be p^id as the Consideration or Considerations of such Sale or Sales, shall be paid to the Receiver general for the Time being of the said Corporation, to be applied in Manner herein after mentioned; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Corporation, and they are hereby empowered and required, by any Instrument or Instruments in Writing under their Common Seal, ab-folulely to convey, icle.tfe, and extinguish the said Tax or Taxes so fold, and the said Power now vested in the said Corporation of taxing the said Lands and Grounds, the Tax or Taxes whereof shall have been so purchased and pa;d for as aforesaid; and then and from thenceforth, as well the said Tax or Taxes wherewith the said Lands are now charged by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament aforesaid, or any of them, as also the Power now vested in the said Corporation of taxing the same Lands, shall, as to, for, and concerning such Lands as shall be particularly specified and described in such Instrument or In

319

By t* Geo. III. the Corporation err powered to borrow further Suma on Accoun' of those Levels*

The Debt of the Corporation, on account of those Levelt, it now 35,800l.

Part of the taied Lands have been cut for Turf9 and other Parti are fit for that Purpose.

The Corporation empowered to fell the Taxes of such Lands at have been, or may be cut for Turf, to the Ownert of such Landt,

struments, and the Tax or Taxes, and Power of Taxation of which shall have been so purchased JfncT

paul 'GVLC

T t a

420

The Money to

be appl-ed towards di scharge-ing the De‘ ti of the Corporation ©n account of the Middle and South Levels,

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble.]

16 Geo. III. «ap. 5,

and 17 Geo. III.

io far at they

prohibit T'^de nd Intercourfa with America, repealed.

[Preamble.]

is Geo. III. cap* jj. recited.

C. 26 - 28. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

paid for as aforesaid, cease, determine, and be extinguished and abolished; any Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sums and Sum of Money whatsoever which shall arise by such Sale or Sal vs as aforesaid, shall (after hi il discharging the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the pa/Ting this present Act, and the Execution thereof) be applied by the said Corporation, so far as the same will extend, towards the Payment and Discharge of the said Bond Debts of the said Corporation upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, and to or for no other Purpose whatsoever: And in case the said Debts of the said Corporation shall at any Time, either by the Means aforesaid, or by any other Means, be wholly discharged, then and from thenceforth the said Power of Sale hereby given shall cease and determine.

III. And be it further evaded and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to repeal so much of two Acts made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits Trade and Intercourse with the United States of America.

WHEREAS it is highly expedient that the Intercoirfe between Great Britain and the United States of America should be immediately opened;’ be it therefore envied and declarer by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with th- Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, pa(Ld in the sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercom)* with the Colonies of New H impshire, Mafiachufeds Bay, Rhode ifLnu, Comiediicut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Loiver Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, dat ing the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respcttiV' ly; for repealing an Art, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Af Je/ly, to d i I continue the Landing and Discharging, Lading or Snipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of Bolton, in the Province of Ale (fetch'fed s Bay, and also two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for refraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Arts rfpertively mentioned-, and to enable any Pei fen or Persons, appointed and authorised?>y his Alje/ly to grant Pardons, to issue. Proclamations, in the Cases anti for the Purposes therein mentioned); and a M'o an Act palL I in the 'cventcerth Yeir of his Majesty's Reign, (inti-uled, An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing the OfAe of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to grant Commissions to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels employed in Trade, or retained in his Majesty's Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vessels, and their Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited Time) \ so far as the said Acts, or either of them, may extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit Trade and In*ercou:fe with th Territories now comp ling the said United States of America, or to authorise any Hostilities ag.nnft the Persons or Properties of the Subjects and Citizens of the said United States, af er the respective Periods set forth in his M j fly’s Proclamation, for the C<.station of H< ftilitits between Great Britain and the United States of America, bearing Date the fourteenth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be, and the same are henceforth repealed.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to ascertain and establish the Boundaries of and between the Hospital of Bridewell and the Precinct thereunto belonging, and the Parish of Saint Ann Blackfriars, in the City of London, as therein specified.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for removing and preventing all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judicature; and for preventing any Writ of Error or Appeal from any of His Majesty's Courts in that Kingdom from being received, heard and adjudged, in any of His Majesty's Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

WHEREAS* an Act of the last Session of this present Parliament (intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the fxlb Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain), it was enacted, That the said lull-mentioned Act, and ail Matters and Things therein contained, should be repealed: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Provisions of the said Act are sufficient to

feaire to the People of Ireland the Rights claimed by them to be bound only by Laws enacted by his Majesty and the Parliament of that Kingdom, in all Cases whatever, and to have all Actions and Suits

at L^w or in Equity, which may be instituted in that Kingdom, decided in his Majesty's Courts therein finally, and without Appeal from thence: Therefore, for removing all Doubts respecting the fame,’ May it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King’s

3 moit

e

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29 - 33,

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Right claimed by the People of Ireland to be bound only by Laws enacted by his Majesty and the Parlia* meflt of that Kingdom, in all Cases whatever, and to have all Actions and Suits at Law or in Equity, which may be initituted in that Kingdom, decided in his Majesty's Courts therein finally, and without Appeal from thence, shall be, and it is hereby declared to be estabh/hed and ascertained for ever, and shall, at no Time hereafter, be questioned or questionable.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ of Error or Appeal shall be received or adjudged, or any other Proceeding be had by or th any of his Majesty *$ Courts in this Kingdom, in any Action or Suit at Law or in Equity, initituted in any of his Majesty's Courts in the Kingdom of Ireland; and that all such Writs, Appeals, or Proceedings, shall be, and they are hereby declared null and void to al! Intents and Purposes; and th tt all Records, Transcripts of Records or Proceedings, which have been transmitted from Ireland to Great Britain, by virtue of any Writ of Error or Appeal, and upon which no Judgment has been given or Decree pronounced before the first Day of June> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall, upon Application made by or in behalf of the Party in whose Favour Judgment was given, or Decree pronounced, in Ireland, be delivered to such Party, or any Person by him authorised to apply for and receive the fume.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors.

" Persons who have onvtted to qualify themselves agreeable to Act 1 Geo. T. Act 13 Car. II. Act 25 Car. IL ct Act 30 Car. II. Act 8 Geo. I. Act o Geo. II, Act j8 Geo. II. and A;r 6 Geo. III. before the passing of this 11 Acts anu who shall. on or before Pee. 2;, 178;, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against Forfeitures. Schoolmasters who h *ve omi»:cd to fuhftri^e the Declaration of Conformity, as required by " an Act, 3 & 4 Car. II. Hi> 11 be inrl mnified, if they subscribe he fame on or before Dec. 2c, 1703. Not u to indemnify-any Person for any P r.a!»y incurred by neglecting to qualify himself. Not to exempt <l Justices acting without Lg >1 Q-Mbfi-anon. Persons producing Appointments and Admissions before 11 Dc "'83. fh ft I be corfii'iml, ’and quft 'fieri to act ?s Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corpora- ti ns, &c ma\ enjoy all Ofift. :nto whir tn<y have been elected; and shall be indemnified fnm all " Penalties and urnr.H by region of Onuffions. Not to extend to 1 eftore Persons to any Office

avoided hv fudgiuetit Persons who first) c.iuie Affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas Term, 1-83,

are indemnifi* d and discharged from Penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified,

may plead the General Issue."

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys and Passages, within the Parish of Saint Mary, at Rotherhithe otherwise Redriffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey; and a Branch from the said Canal to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the County of Stafford.

WHEREAS, by an Act, made in the fix>h Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the 1 County of Derby, to the Kiver M'.rfey, at or near Runcorn Gap), certain Persons therein mentioned and

dftcribed w^re united into one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of T!?e Company of Proprietors: of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey \ with Power and Authority, at their own Cotts and

Charges,

32I

The Right# claimed by the People of Ireland firmly e/Ublish-ed.

No Writ of Error or Appeal from the Court* in Ireland, Oiall be received by any Court in Great Britain.

Act of 4 G<*o. III. for making a Navigable Ca« ail from the Trent to the Mersey, recited*

Z2i C. 33. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Charges, by the Ways and Means therein mentioned, to make, complete, and maintain, such navigable

Cut or Canal, paflabie for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and were enabled to raise and contribute,

amongst themselves, the Sum of one hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, in Manner therein mentioned,

for the Purpose of making and completing the said Cut or Canal: And the said Company are thereby re-

quired, out of the Monies to be raised as aforesaid, during the Time the said Cut or Canal should be

carrying on, and until the same should be completed, to pay to every Person who should subserrbe and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds, or such Sum or Sums of Money as should be demanded in respe&

thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said Navigation, Interest for the same after the Rate of five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds for one Year, from the Time that each of such Sum or Sums

That, in pur- should be so respectively advanced as aforesaid: And whereas the said Company did, in pursuance of the said*a£V and &id Act, raise and comribute amongst themselves, by several Subscriptions, the Sum of one hundred and twooth^of thirty thousand Pounds for the Purposes of making and carrying on the said Navigation: And have also , by 10 and i5 Geo. 4 Virtue of and in pursuance of the Powers of two several other Acts of Parliament, passed in the tenth and ill. the Com. 4 fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, borrowed, on the Credit of the said Navigation, and Eg*" r*ifed the Duties anting therefrom, several Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of one bun-*anous urni# 4 jrC(j an(j ^Qrty thousand Pounds; which, together with the said Sum of one hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, so raised by Subscription amongst themselves, they have expended in the Execution of the said Works authorised to be made by the said full mentioned Act, which they have sometime since finished and and have rvgu. 1 completed: And whereas the said Company have regularly paid the Interest of the said several Sumsfobor-j-owed on the Credit of the said Navigation, from Time to Time, as the same became due; and have IC u 4 also paid to each and every Subscriber to the said Undertaking, Interest for the respective Sums by him

and them respectively subscribed, from the Time of advancing the same respectively, to the eighteenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, after the Rate of five Pounds for one hundred Pounds for a Year, in pursuance of the said first mentioned Act; but the said Company were unable to pay any further Interest during the Time the said Works were carrying on, without obstructing, or materially injuring, the Progress and Execution thereof; so that, from the said eighteenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, to the eighteenth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, being four Years and a Half, the said Interest became, and is now, wholly in Arrear to each and every Subscriber to the said Undertaking, and which amounts to the Sum of twenty- two Pounds and ten Shillings for each one hundred Pounds, or forty-five for each Share or Sum of two hundred Pounds in the said Navigation; and in the Whole, to the Sum of twenty-nine thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds: And whereas it would be a great Convenience to each and every Subscriber to the said Navigation and Undertaking, as well as the said Company in general, if the said Interest so in Arrear, could be brought forward, and either discharged or secured to each Subscriber, separately and apart from his and their respective original Subscriptions or capital Shares, and that the said respective Ca- pitals might be held and enjoyed freed and discharged from the said Arrears of Interest, and all Accounts relative thereto; but the same cannot be effectually done without the Aid of Parliament: And whereas some A.mendments are necessary to be made in the said Acts, for the better conducing and managing the Affairs of the said Navigation May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. New Powers That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, granted. or the Committee for the Time being, to be by them appointed by virtue of the said first recited Act, or

any seven or more of such Committee, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to give and execute, to each and every Subscriber to the said Navigation, or his or their Assignee or Alliances, a Security on the said Navigation for his and their respective Arrears of Interest, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of twenty-nine thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds as aforesaid; and to assign over the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Premises, and the l olls, Rates, and Duties arising by virtue of the said first recited Act, or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of aligning the lame to be paid out of such Toils, Rates, and Duties), as a Security for such Sums respectively, not exceeding as aforesaid, with Interest for the same not exceeding five Pounds for one hundred Pounds for a Year, under the Common Seal of the said Company, by the following Words of Alignment, or by any other Words to the same Effect; videlicet,

Form of Assign- c T)Y virtue of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the neat. 4 jj Third, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Aids Passed in the sixth, tenthy fij-

teenth, and sixteenth Years of the Ref n of his present A if fly, " for making a Navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey; and a Branch from the said Canal to rn»ghail, and a Rail-way from thence to or near Caldon, in the Crunty of Stafford ;* We the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation, incorporated by an Actmadein thelixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, in consideration of the Sum of of Jaw/ul Money of Great Britain, now due and owing

to as appears by the Account hereon indorsed (or here-

under written) do assign unto the said his Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, all and singular the Toils, Rates, and Duties, arising by virtue of the said last mentioned Act; and also the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Pmnilcs thereby authorised, end all the Eihte, Right, Title, and Interest of the said Company, of, in, and unto the lame, to hold unto the said his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of

0 4 together with Interest for the same, aft.r the Rate of per

Centum per Annum, shall be repaid.*

And

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. J3.

And all and every other Person or Persons to whom such Assignment or Assignments shall be made* shall be equally intitled to their Proportion of the Tolls, Rates, Duties, and Premises, according to the respective Sums in such Assignment mentioned, to secure the Repayment thereof with interest as aforesaid, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Alignment under or by virtue of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the several Sums already borrowed, and now due and owing on the said Tolls and Duties, and the Interest thereof respectively j which Assignment or Alignments may be transferred in such Manner as is di-reded with respect to Assignments made in pursuance of the said recited Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and the Assignee or Assignees shall, in like Manner, be intitled to the Money due on such Assignment or Assignments respectively, and the whole Benefit thereof, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner as the AssigneS or Assignees of any Assignment or Assignments made under or by virtue* of the said last recited Act; Entries of such Assignments, and Transfers respectively, where the Confidcia-tion amounts to upwards of one hundred Pounds, being made in such Manner as is directed by the said last mentioned Act.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the interest of the Money which shall be secured or charged on the said Tolls, Rates, and Duties, by virtue of this Act, shall be paid half-yearly to the several Parties intitled thereto, in preference to and before the Dividends which shall be due and payable by virtue of the said several recited Acts, or any of them, to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, for the same Half Yeas, shall be paid, made, or divided; and that all such Transfers, Securities, and Assignments*. stall be free from all Stamp-duties.

III. And whereas, by an Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navi- gable Canal from the said Navigation on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to Froghall,

and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon in the said County; and to make other Rail-way r), the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, were thereby fully authorised and empowered, at their own proper Costs and Charges, as therein after mentioned, to make, complete, and maintain a navigable Cut or Canal,

passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the said Canal so made and completed on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford\ to Froghall, and from thence to make, complete, and maintain, a Rail way for the Conveyance of Coal, Stone, and other Goods, to or near several Lime-works and Limestone Quarries, at or near Caldon, in the said County of Stafford\ and the said Company, or the Committee for the Time being, to be by them appointed, or any seven or more of such Committee, at any of their Meetings assembled, were thereby authorised and impowered to borrow and take up, at legal or less interest, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the Navigation and Undertaking thereby authorised, as to them should seemmeet and convenient^ 4andtoassign over the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Premises, and the Tolls, Rates, and Duties arising by virtue of the said Act now in Recital, or any Part thereof, as a Security for any such Sum or Sumsr of Money to be borrowed with interest, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who should advance the same under the common Seal of the said Company \ the interest of which Money so to be borrowed was,

by the said Act, directed to be paid half-yearly to the Parties intitled thereto, in preference to and before the Payment of any Dividends to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, for the same Half Year: And whereas the said Company have, by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, made and com- pieced the Whole of the said Canal from the said other Canal on the South Side of Harecastle to Froghall aforesaid, and the said Rail-way from thence to the Lime-works at or near Caldon aforesaid, and for the Purpose of making and complying the said Navigation, Rail-way, and other Works thereby authorised,

have, in pursuance of the Powers of the same Act, borrowed and taken up at interest on the Credit of- the said Navigation, and the Tolls and Duties arising therefrom, the Sum of twenty-three thousand six hundred and sixty Pounds, which they have expended in the said Works, and have regularly paid the Interest thereof as it hath become due: And whereas it would be a great Convenience to the said Company,

if the Affairs and Concerns of the said two Canals, and other Works, were united and consolidated, and were made one joint Undertaking \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Canals, Undertakings, and Premises, so bfgun and completed as aforesaid, shall, from henceforth, be united' and consolidated, and shall be and become, and for ever hereafter continue and remain, one joint Concert! and Undertaking in the said Company of Proprietors, and managed and conduced as such by them the said ’ Company, their Successors and Assigns; and that the said several Navigations, Undertakings, and Pre-raises, shall (land, be, and remain* collateral Securities to each other, for the several Sums borrowed and secured upon each of them respectively, and the interest for the fame; subject, nevertheless, to the several and respective Sums originally borrowed and secured, or due upon each of them, and the interest thereof* respectively.

IV. And whereas the said Rail-way, so made and trompleted, from Froghall to the said Lime-works and Limestone (Quarries, at or near CW^tfaforesaid, has been found to be laid and placed in a very inconvenient Course and Direction, and has not answered all the good Ends and Purposes thereby intended: And where- as it appears, that a Rail-way may be made, in a much more easy and convenient Line of Communication,

between Froghall and the said Lime-works and Limftone Quarries; and that if the said Canal at Froghall was extended from its present Termination about the Distance of five hundred and thirty Yards, on a 4 Level, the Publick Advantages of the said former Canals, and other Works, would be further increased */ Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, shall be, and they are hereby fully authorised and impowered, by the Ways and Means mentioned iothe said last recited Act, to extend the said Canal, at Froghall aforesaid, about the Distance of five hundred and thirty Yards on a Level, and to make, complete, and maintain a Rail-way from thence to the said Lime-works and Limestone Quarries, at or near Caldon aforesaid, and to make a Reservoir at some com-tenknt Place, within the Distance of three thousand Yards of the South Side of the Summit of the said'

Canal, v.

323

No Assignee to have any Preference on Account of Priority of Alignment*

Assignments may be traru«-fcried.

rnfereff of the' Money secured by this Act, M9 be paid half*

Recital of 161 Geo. III. cap, j», for making' a Cinal to Frog^ fiall, and a R ail-way toXaUlonr

The Company* have completedr the last mentioned Cantlf-

TBe present*

Rail*way in an1

inconvenient-

Coorfe,

Power granted*

for making a fmatl Eatension of the Canal aQ Froghall, and altering the Co uric of the Rail-way fro^tt thence 10 Cal— dOQr

32

DWers Survey! have been taken, and Boole of Reference made*

Two Part! to be made thereof.

and allowed to be given In Evidence,

Cana] to be made pursuant Co the Plan,

Land-owren

being onrit ed in the Bowk of Reference, not to obdiuft the »aking the Canals, dec.

Weight of Timber ascertained.

Powers of the reeved Acts extended to the Works to be executed ty this

a a.

C. 33. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Canal* at Stanley AIofsy for the better supplying the said Canal with Water, and for the better making such new Rail-way as aforesaid, to remove the Material which form the present Rail-way, or any Parc thereof.

V. And whereas divers Levels and Surveys have been taken, to ascertain the Practicability of making the said Extension of Canal (and a Map or Plan, and a Book of Reference thereto, have been made in confe- quence of such Levels and Surveys), through, across, under, or over the several Estates, Lands, or Grounds, now or late be longing, or reputed to belong, to the several and respeeflive Persons, and uch Roads, Rivers, and Brooks, as are particularly mentioned in the said Book of Reference b* it therefore enacted and declared, That there shall be two Parts made of the said M^p or Plan, and Book of Reference, which shall be certified by the Right Honourahletthe Speaker of the Honourab e th»* Hou'e of Commons, and severally deposited wirh and kept by the Clerk of the Peace for the Couniv of Saifford, and the Cleric to the said Company of Piopriecors for the T me being, to which all Person» shall have Liberty to refoit, and make Extracts and Copies thereof as Occafmn shall require: And the said Mps or Plan1, and Books of Reference, so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be, and are hereby declared to grod Evidence in all Courts of Law, or elsewhere; and the Clerk for the Time being to rh* said Company of P oone jis, upon Six Days Notice to him given for that Purpose, shall, from Time to Time, produce the Lid Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, in his Custody, before the Commissioners appointed, and their Successors, or any Jury or Juries to be impanelled, by virtue of the said former Act, or this Act, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order tfut the lame may he then and there given in Evidence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, in making the said hxrenli >n, shall not deviate more than Sixty Yards from the Course or Direction in the said Map or Plan, and let forth in the uio Bock of Reference; nor cut, carry, and convey the same into, through, acr L, under, or over any other Part or Parts of the several Effaces, Lands, and Grounds, now or I ite hr loin ing, or reputed to belong, to such Person or Persons, and such Roids. Rivets, and Broc ks respective ly, than are mentioned in the Lid B->nk of Reference, without the Approbation and C< n on' m W iting, figmd by the Person or Persons to whom such Effaces, Lands, or Ground', do or shall i«lpe<Tvely belong, or without an Order of the Commissioners, or any /even or more of them, at a Meeting to be lul for ,hat Purpose (of which fourteen Days Notice in Writing, signt-d by the Clerk L>r the Time being to the'fniJ Company, specifying the Uevia:ion desired to be made, shall be given to th^ Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds), and if, at the T.me mentioned in such Notice, the faiu Commtdinners, or any seven or more of them, shall think it reasonable that Inch Deviation therein mentioned ought to be made, it shall and may be lawful for them to ir^ke such Order in the Prerpifcs as to them shall seem proper, and the said Company shall and may make the said Extension of Canal, in the Manner mentioned in such Order.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Company shall and may make the said intended Extension of Canal through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, into whose Fffates, Lands, or Grounds, such Deviations as aforesaid shall extend (although their Name or Names are not mentioned in the said Book of Reference,); or into the Efbtes, Lands, or Grounds of any Person or Persons whose Name or Names shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the fai l Conv.r.ilfioner®, or *nv Lven or morcof them, and be by them certified under thrir Hands, to be by Milbke omitted in the Lid Book of Reference; or that instead thereof the Name or Names of* some e ther Person or Persons to whom such last mentioned Estates, Lands, and Grounds do not belong, have or hath by Milhke been inserted therein, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by the said Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty it was enabled and declared, That fifty Feet of Round, or forty Feet of Square Oak or Ash 'Limber, shall be deemed, rated,

and estimated, as and for one Ton Weight, which Calculation hath been found erroneous \ be it therefore further enacted, That soit> Feet of Oak or Ash Timber shall hereafter be deemed, rated, and estimated as and for one Ton Weight, upon the Lid Canals and Branches made or to be made by the said Company, under the Powers of the said former Acts, or this p:efent Ad; any Thing in the said Act$, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority afo refit id, That for the more easy and effectual making, completing, repairing, maintaining, and ufmgthe Lid proposed Extension of Canal and Rail-way, the said Company, their Agent*, vServanrs, Workmen, and Labourers, and all and every other Person and Persons, Commissioner -md Commissioners Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Colhgiate whatsoever, shall huve and be lei ed *nd paflefled of, and is and are hereby in veiled with such and the like Estates, Authorities, Powers, Abilities, Inttrtfts, Privilege*, and Advantages, and ihal; be, and is and are hereby made subject and liable to such and the .’ike Rules^ Conditions, Directions, Regufarions, Limitations, Reffridtions, Comrouls, Paymenrs, Penalties, Forttiiures, Punishments, and Benefit of Appeal, as are mentioned, directed, given, granted, prescribed, dhbhshed, and infl died in am! by the said Acts made in the sixth, tenth, and sixtec.ith Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to cve.-v Intent ant] Purpose whatsoever; and that the said Acts, and all the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities» Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Rtfiridtions, Prohibitions Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matter5, and Things therein respectively contained (except such Paits of the said Act passed in the lixih Year of the Reign of his Lid Majesty as are varied or altered by the said A<dt passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his prelcm Majesty and also except such Parts of the said Acts of the sixth, tenth, and sixteenth Years of his preert Majesty, as are hereby altered or varied), shall extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall tak; Effect, operate, and be put in Execution in, for, and in respect of the continuing, mdcing, completing, repai-ing, maintaining, and using the Lid proposed Extension of Canal, and the fr.veral Works, Matters, and Things by this Act authorised to be made, done, and performed, and for the Punishment of Offences in relation thereto, and for the selling and conveying of Lands, Tenements, L

w

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34, 35.

VS

and Hereditaments, and ascertaining the Value thereof, and for determining and assessing of Damages, and all other Matters and Things which shall relate to or happen to arise, by or in confluence of the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act, in such and the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the same can or may operate and be executed to, upon, for, or in respect of, the Cuts or Canals, and the several Works, Matters, and Things, in the said former A<9s respectively mentioned, or authorised to be made, done, and performed, and as if all the said Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Prohibitions, Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matters, and Things, were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the said Extension of Canal, Rail-way, and the several other Matters and Things by this Act authorised to be made, done, and performed, or as the same would have been done if the said Extension of Canal, Rail-way, Works, Matters, and Things heie-by authorised to be continued, made, and done, had been authorised to be made, done, and performed by the said former Acts, or any of them.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act 5 PuMkk A6; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for removing certain Disabilities and Incapacities, occasioned by the Attainder of David Ogilvy of Airly Esquire.

Preamble, reciting Act. 19 Geo. II. cap. 26. and Pardon, March 30, 1778. All Disabilities and Incapa- cities, occasioned by the Attainder of David Ogilvy, made void. David Ogilvy, his Heirs, &c-. enabled to hold any Office under his Majesty, to inherit Lands, and commence Suits, 6V. His Attainder not to <l affe&any Entail or Settlement, tffc. made or granted by or to him, or his Heirs. He may fueand be iuedf " plead and be impleaded, General Saving."

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

[Preamble.]

ct 12,000,000l. to be raised by Annuities, and 480,000l. by a Lottery. Contributors to the M Sum of 12,000,000l. to be entitled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon a Fund to be established this Session, and collaterally on the Sinking Fund. Every Contributor of i,ooc/. shall, u upon Payment of 40l. more, be intitled to four Lottery Tickets. Preamble; reciting that Books have been opened at the Bank, and Deposits made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons.

All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for all Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Subscriptions, shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subscribers to the 12.000,coo/, in-u titled to certain Annuities. Annuines to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, iffc

Cashier of the Bank to give Receipts to Contributors for Money received; which shall be assign.

Cafhter to give Security, to the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. A Book to be provided in the Accountant-general's Office, in which Contri- butors Names shall be entered, fsV. After Contributors shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will be entitled to receive the Annuities granted by this Act; which shall be Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part and not completed, shall be forfeited to the Publick. As soon as Contributors have completed their Payments, the Sums subscribed shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit; and shall be assignable. Annuities charged on the Fund to be established for Payment thereof. Governor,

bfc. of the Bank, to appoint a Chief Cashier, and Accountant-general. Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the Chief Cashier, for Payment of Annuities created by this Act. Accountant-general to examine Receipts and Payments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate. Books to be kept by the Accountant-general, wherein shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced on this Act.

Persons possessed of Stock may devise the same by Will, isfe. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. T he 3 per Cent. Annuities granted by this Act shall he added to the 3 per Cent. Consols. transferable at the Bank.

The per Cent. Annuities granted by this Act, shall be added to the same Fund as the \ per Cents. grant-M ed by the Lottery Acts of 20, 21, and 22 Geo. III. The Annuities of 13J. 4 d. per Annum for 77 Years,

14 to be added to the ronfolidared Long Annuities of 1, 2, 4, 20, and 21 Geo. III. hut to be paid out of the Fund to be estab'ished this Session. The Bank to continue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities. 480,00 T. to be raised by a Lottery; the Prizes whereof to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Guardians having the Disposal of Infants Money, may contribute to the Loan,

Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books. Ticket. Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Calhiefs of the B^nk, taking a Receipt for the fame. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an A< count of Monies paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer.

Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up, and fattened with Thread or Silk; and cut oft imJcnt- wife into a Box marked with the Letter (A)* Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 4^,000 Tickets are to be printed. The Nuosber and Value of

326

C. 36. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

c< the fortunate Tickets.* 500l. to each first-drawn Ticket of the first twelve Days; 1,000l. to ditto the u 15th Day; 5,;co/. to ditto the 19th Day; 2,000l. to ditto the 22d day; 7,00 cl. to ditto the 25th and 44 28th Days; and 1,000l. to the last-drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned Books to be roiled up and tied. Publick Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov, 17, 44 17^3. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate Tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjured by the Managers. Persons forging Tickers guilty of Felony. Of- fenders (not in Prison) discovering Persons guilty to receive a Pardon, and 50l. Reward. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the bums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book, giving a Note for 4' the fame; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 10l. (o paid. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Limes limited, forfeit their Dcpolits with respect to the Lottery 5 and the TVkets for such Sums to be delivered into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, (s7. as they shall think fit. The 480,000l. for the Payment of the fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March 1, 17S4, CV. Managers to give Notice of the Times for exchanging 44 T ickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, C7. and signed, £57. No Fee to be taken for receiving mr paying Contribution-money, or for any Receipts, L7- on Penalty of 20l. Persons faed in Execution of this Act may plead the General Blue, and recover Treble Costs."

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all Damages, Interest and Losses, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, and to allow further Time for such Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money; and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

arable.

Fecit.t of 2 t Geo. III. c^p.

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants o f England trading to the East Indies, Hand indebted to his Majesty, for Customs on Goods imported, in fundi y hums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of three hundred ninety-six thousand four hundred and sixty-six Pounds, two ShfN 4 lings, and Sixpence, after making certain Deductions and Allowances, to winch by Law the said Company are intitled, on due Payment of the said Customs on or before the respective Days on which the same become due; which said Customs became due at the femal and respective Times herein after mentioned; that is to say, the Sum of one hundred sixty-three thousand three hundred and sixty- seven Pounds, twelve shillings, and four-pence, put thereof, on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundj^d and eighry-one; the Sum of one hundred ninety-one thousand tight hundred and sixty- eight Pounds, four shillings, and eight pence, other part thereof, on the twenty-third day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of fifteen thousand nine hundred thirty-one Pounds, and seven teen Shillings, other Part thereof, on the twenty-second day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, four Shillings, and Sixpence, other Part thereof, on the twenty-third Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds, and four Shillings, Residue thereof, on the twenty-sixth Day of Feb? uay, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- two: And whereas the said United Company also became indebted to his Majesty for Customs, on the twenty-first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, after such Deductions and Allowances as aforesaid, in the further Sum of forty-two thousand one hundred and five Pounds, six Shillings, and Ten-pence; and will become further indebted to his Majesty, for other Customs on Goods, before the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in further Sums of Money, to the Amount of two hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas, by Means of the said Customs already due, and hereafter to become due, nut being paid at the respective Times the same became due, or shall become due, as aforesaid, the said Company, besides losing the Benefit of the said Deductions and Allowances, are and will be liable to pay interest for the same, at and after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum: And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his preft-nc Majesty, intituled, An Act for eftaldfung an .4 Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England turning to the EMI Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uje of the Pnb.uk, in full Discharge and Sntifaction of ail Claims and Demands of the Publick ft cm the Time the Pend Debt f the said Company %vas reduced to one million five hundred thousand Pounds, until the fiJl Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; in respect of the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and also for ficuring to the Publick in respect thereof for a Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company, and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the

Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds should, by the said United Company, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at the Times, and in the Proportions therein mentioned, the 1 a ft of which Payments was of the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, and was to have been made on the first Day of December^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one* for the Use of the Publick, as therein is

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 36. 327

mentioned; and in case the said United Company should make Failure in any of the said Payments,

on or before the Days therein mentioned, then the Money, whereof such Failure in Payment should be made, should be recovered to his Majesty's Use, by such Action or Suit fcs therein is mentioned; and upon such Action or Suit there should be further recovered to his Majesty's Use, against the said United

Company, Damages after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the respective Monies so unpaid contrary to the said Act, together with full Costs of Suit: And it was thereby further enacted,

That, from and after the first: Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eigluy-onr, for and during so long Time as the said United Company, under the Authority of that Act, should be intitled to the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade and Traffick in, to, and from th0 East Indies, and Places aforesaid,

the whole clear Profits arising from the said territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attending the same, together with all the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company, after providing for the current Payments of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges and Expences of the said Company, should, from Time to Time, be disposed of and applied in Manner therein and herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) It should be lawful for the said United Company to set apart and retain, in the first Place, in each and every Year, such Sum as should be equal to eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the capital Stock of the said United Company of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds; and in case there should remain a Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits, above the said Sum of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, so to be retained by the said United Company as aforesaid, three fourth Parts of such surplus Profits should be let apart, and applied for the Use of the Publick, and the remaining fourth Part thereof should bo reserved and retained by the said United Company for their own Use: And it was thereby further enacted, That it should be lawful for the said United Company to apply such Money as they were therein before authorised to retain to themselves, and also other Money mentioned in the said Act, in the Payment of Dividends to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said United Company, not exceeding the Rate of twelve Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, provided the Bond Debt of the said United Company did not at any such Time exceed one million five hundred thousand Pounds; and provided that they did not increase the present Dividend of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, more than at the Rate of one Pound per Centum in each and every Year: And whereas the Payment of the said Sum of three hundred ninety-six thousand four hundred sixty-six Pounds, two Shillings, and Sixpence, which became due for Customs at such federal Times as herein-before are mentioned, and of the said Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, which became due on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*

one, hath been postponed; and further Time allowed for the Payment thereof, until the first Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, by the Lords of his Majesty's Treasury, pursuant to Power to them for that Purpose given in and by an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament (intituled, An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants a/'England Recital of

trading to the East Indies, from ail Damage, Intereji, and Lofes, in respect to their having made Default in Geo. III. cap.

certain Payments due to the Publick, on such Payments being made at a future Jiipuiated Time; and to enable S1*

the said Company to continue a Dividend of eight Pounds per Centum, to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year): And whereas, besides the said Debs due to the Publick, the said United Company have Veen obliged to poflpone many of their commercial Debts: And whereas by Means of the Expences of the Wais and Hostilities in India, and the horaeward-bound Ships of the said Company not having duly arrived, the said Company is become much (lift relied in their Affairs at Home, and have applied to Parliament for Relief: But, in regard such Application cannot be fully considered, and an adequate Relief applied in due Time in respect to some of the Debts owing by the said Company, it is necessary that a temporary Relief should be granted tov the said Company, and that they should be allowed to continue their present Dividend at Midsummer next, at the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it Commissioners shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time of the Tieafurf being, or any Tree or more of them, to poflpone and allow further Time for the Payment of the said way allow the Sum of thtee hundred ninety-six thousand four hundred sixty-six Pounds, two Shillings, and Sixpence, Time*or Hay- which became due, for Customs, at such several Times as herein-before are mentioned; and of the said ment of certain Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, which became due on the first Day of December, one thousand Sums doe to the seven hundred and eighty-one; and to allow Time for Payment of the said Sum of forty-two thousand Publick; one hundred and five Pounds, six Shillings, and Ten-pence, which became due the twenry-first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and of such Sums as shall become due (or Customs before the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or any Part or Parts of the said feveuU Sums respectively, unto such Time or Times as they shall think fit, not exceeding the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred ami ei?hry-thrce: And if the said United Company do and shall pay the said Sums respectively, at such Time or Times to which the said Payments, or any Part thereof re(peftivtly, shall be postponed as aforesaid, the lame shall be accepted and received in like Manner as if the said Sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective Days on which the said Sums became due, or shall become due, resptflively; and the said United Company, upon onPjvment such Payment, at such postponed Time or Times* shall be freed and discharged from all Damages, thereof the Interest, and Loftes, which they became or shall become liable to by Means of not having made the said Lcrn?'nv Payments respectively at the several Times on which the lame became due, and shall be intitled unto, and bc lDtcainihc have the same L (counts, Allowances, md Ad.antages, as it the said Sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and relpechve Days on which they became due; any T hing in the said recited Acts, or liny other Act or Acts o: ParliamcnU in any wise notwithstanding.

328

Company fro* powered to in* create their pre* feat Bond Debt;

and m make a

Dividend of per Cent.atMKJ-fu miner next*

[Preamble.]

Recital of to Geo. III. cap.37r

he recited Act XCpeaied*

[Preamble,

C. 37. 3^. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

II. And, it* order to give a temporary Relief to the said United Company in respect to their Commercial Debts f be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company to borrow Money upon, and issue Bonds under their Common Seal, as the Affairs Of the said Company may require, not exceeding the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds beyond the Amount of the Company's present Bond Debt.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Compiny to set apart and apply, at Midsummer next, so much Money as shall be equal to four Pounds per Centum on the Capital of three Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, as and for a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company for half a Year, from the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*three, to the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three*

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to repeal an A6V, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and better recruiting his Majestfs Land Forces and Marines as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers.

WHEREAS an Act was ma(*c *n the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Titne, so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and better recruiting his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the passing of this AdT, the said AdT, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, repealed and made void.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Isis, at or near Leachblade, to join and communicate with the Stroudwater Canal at Walbridge, near the Town of Stroud; and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal at or near Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Canal, with a proper collateral Cut, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the River Thames* or ljis, at some Place at or near Leacblade, in the County of Gloucester, to join and communicate with a navigable Cut or Canal, now made between the Town of Stroud and the River Severn, in the said County of Gloucester, will open an easy Communication between the interior Parts of the Kingdom and the Port of London, which will be of great Advantage to many of the Sea Ports of this Kingdom, and to several different Manufactories in the interior Parts of the Kingdom, and will afford a Supply of Coal to those Parts of the Country through which the intended Canal and collateral Cut. are proposed to be made, and will also be of great public Utility: And whereas the several Persons herein after particularly named are desirous, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to begin, carry on, complete, and maintain, the said navigable Canal and collateral Cut, intended to be made by virtue of this Act; but the same cannot be effected, without the Aid and Authority of ParliamentWherefore, for obtaining and perfecting the good Ends and Purposes aforesaid, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, 5v.

The Proprietors are incorporated; with the usual Powers. Not to use the Springs at Sapperton, but under Lord Bathurf's Direction. To carry a Feeder through Lord Bathurf?s Gardens; and lay a Water Pipe from the Feeder into Lord Batburjt\ Matifion House. Lands may be entered for making Survey. Leve’s and Surveys have been taken, and a Book of Reference made. Two Parts to be made thereof, and authenticated by the Speaker of the House of Commons; and allowed to be given in Evidence. Canal and Cut not to deviate more than sixty Yards from the Course in the Plan. Land-owners being omitted in the Book of Reference, not to obstruct the making of the Canal and Cut. The Line of the Cahal through Mr. Eliot's Lands described; and through several Yards and Gardens. Breadth of the Canal and Towing Paths. Bodies Politick, iAc. impowered to sell and convey Lands. Satisfaction to be made in Gross, or by annual Rent. If Rents, &c. are not regularly paid, how to be recovered. of Rights to be preserved. Commissioners appointed, who shall determine Differences, and settle Recompences. If Parties refuse to submit to, or are dissatisfied with the Determination of the Commissioners; or refuse to accept the Purchase Monies; or to treat, or shall not agree; a Jury shall be impannelled to assess the Purchase Monies, or Recompence. Witnesses may be examined on Oath. Jury to assess Damages. Verdict of the Jury, tffc. to be final. Sheriff, £sV. making Default, to forfeit $ /. Juries under the same Regulations as in the Courts at Westminster. Expences of Juries how to be paid. Persons re-auefting Juries, to enter into Bond to prosecute. Notice of Injury to be given to the Proprietors, before Complaint to the Commissioners. Persons giving false Evidence shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, Manner of making Satisfaction for Damages done in getting Materials. Verdicts fot Value of Lands,

4U

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. 339

w and Money for Damages, to be ascertained separate. Upon Payment or Tender of Monies, Proprietors to enter to make Canal and collateral Cut. Verdins to be recorded, and Land to become vested io the Company. Purchase-monies to be laid out to the same Uses. Commissioners to settle the Proportions u of the Money to be paid to the several Persons interested. Clause for Recovery of Purchase money for €€ Lands. The Company not to enter upon Land without Consent of Occupiers, if Owner out if the Kingdom, or under any Disability to act. Persons destroying the Works shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, u Proprietors may raise 130,000l. among themselves. Application thereof. The Money to be raised to be divided into 1,300 Shares, at ico/, each. Shares deemed personal Estate. If 130^00l. not sufficient, Company may borrow 60,000l.; and assign the Navigation, t$c. as a Security. Form of Alignment.

Assignments to be entered into a Book; and may be transferred. Form of Transfer. Transfers to be entered by the Clerk. The Interest of the Money borrowed to be first paid. 3 per Cent. to be paid to the Proprietors, till the Works are completed. Subscribers to have a Vote for every Share by them- selves or Proxies. General Assemblies for chusing a Committee. Committee subject to controul of General Assembly. Books to be kept. General Assemblies to consist of ;oo Shares. Power of General u Assemblies. Subscriber forfeiting his Share, shall have personal Notice, and the Forfeiture mail be ic declared at a General Assembly. General Assemblies may make Bye-laws. On the Death of Subscrib- ers before Share completed, Executors may do it. Shares may be disposed of After a Call, no Share M to be sold till the Money paid. Form of the Sale. Officers to be appointed. The Clerk’s Duty. Pro- ceedirtgs of the Commissioners to be entered in a Book; and to be admitted as Evid nee. Rates allowed to be taken, viz. For Tonnage and Wharfage upon Coal, between the Stroud Canal and Sapper- /<7H.Tunnel, one Shilling and Three-pence per Ton; between the West End of Sapperton Tunnel and Cirencester% one Shilling per Ton; and between the Cirencester Branch at Siddington and Leach lade two Shillings per Ton: And for Iron, SaltOres, Salt Rock, Lime-stone, Chalk, Crates of Potteiy, Crates of Black Glass, Timber, Flint, Brick, Stone, Clay, Copper, Brass, and Tin, and Tin Plates, Lead, 14 Spelter, and Pot Metal, Window Glass, and Plate Glass, Two-pence per Ton per Mile: And Three- pence per Ton per Mile upon all other Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or any greater or less Distance than a Mile. Rates how to be recovered. Further Allowance for Goods remaining upon a Wharf above 24 Hours. Matters of Boats to give an Account in Writing to the Collectors of the Particulars of the Goods; on Penalty of 10 j. per Ton. What Quantity of Timber shall be deemed a Ton. In case of Difference concerning the Weight of Goods, Collectors may weigh them, iffc. Power to the Proprietors to regulate and fix the Price*of small Parcels, under 10clb. Weight. Navigation to be free upon Payment of Tolls. Boats of less Burden than the Thames and Severn. Boats not to pass without Leave. A Clause allowing the Owners of Lands to use Peafure Boats on the Canal. From such Time as the new intended Canal shall be com-14 pleted from Wallbridge to the Distance of one hundred and fifty Yards above the high Road which erodes the Line of the said new Canal, at Brimfcambe, (at which Spot there will be a Bridge over the said new Canal), in Manner diffident for the Pa(Lge of Boats, and for so long Time as the same Canal shall be so continued, the Proprietors of the Stroudwater Navigation, shall, in lieu of the present Rates, demand the following, viz. For Coal carried from the Commencement of the Navigation at the River Severn, to the Termination at Wallbridge, and puffing from thence into the said new Canal, and going thereon any Distance not further than one hundred and fifty Yards above the aforesaid Road, two Shillings and Three-pence per Ton; but for Coal g dng more than one hundred and fifty Yards above the said Road, and not afterwards returned back again below the said Boundary of one hundred and fifty Yards from the said Road, one Shilling per Ton, in lieu of the said two shillings and Three Pence per Ton; but if 41 at any Time such Coals or Merchandise, having paid the one Shilling per Ton only to the Stroud Canal Company, shall be landed at any Place between Wallbridge and the Distmce of one hundred and fifty Yards above the said Road at Brimfcombe, or shall be so brought back again from above the Lid Boun- dary of one hundred and fifty Yards from the said Road, then five Shillings per Ton shall be paid to the Stroud Canal Company, by the Matter of the Boat, out of which such Coals or Merchandize shall be so landed or returned.—For Flint, Brick, Stone, Clay, Chalk, Salt Oies, Salt Rock, and Lime-stone, 14 passing from the said Stroudwater Navigation into the new Canal, and going thereon more than one hundred and fifty Yards above the said Road, and not afterwards returned back again below the Lid Boun- dary of one hundred and fifty Yards from the said Road, or going out of the said new Canal into the

Stroudwater Navigation, and having previously at any Time patted along any Part of the said new Canal above the said Boundary of one hundred and fifty Yards from the said Road, one Halfpenny person per Mile; and for Timber, Black Glass Bottles, and Phials, and Crates of Pottery, one Penny per Toa per Mile; and for Iron Callings, and Wrought Iron, and all other Goods and Merchandizes whatso- ever, one Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity

than aTon, or any greater or less Distance than a Mile; hut for any of such enumerated Articles, or

of such other Goods or Merchandize passing from the said Stroudwater Navigation into the said new

Canal, and not going thereon further than one hundred and fifty Yards above the said Road, or going

out of the said new Canal into the said Stroudwater Navigation, and not having previously at any Time passed along any Part of the said new Canal above the said Boundary of one hundred and fifty Yards from the said Road, two Shillings and Three-pence p*rTon, in lieu of such several Rates before mentioned.

Free Communication between the intended Canal and the River Severn, on Payment of the Rates*

Rates to be taken by the Thames and Severn Company in consequence of the above, viz. For Coal car- Fted upon the Stroudwater Navigation, from the Commencement thereof at the River Severn to the Termination at Wallbridge, and patting from thence into the new Canal, and going thereon no further than one hundred and fifty Yards above the aforesaid Road, one Shilling and Three-pence per Ton; but for Coals going more than one hundred and fifty Yards above the said Road, and not after wards returned

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

33°

C. 39.

A.D. 1783.

back again below the fa;H Boundary of one hundred and fifty Yards from the said Road, then such Sum as the Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Navigation, shall think proper; and for all such before enumerated Articles, except Coal, passing from the Stroudwater Navigation into the new Canal, and not u going thereon further tn in one hundred and fifty Yards above the aforesaid Road, or going out of the said new Cana! into the Stroudwater Navigation, and not having previously at any Tunc parted along <l any Part of the said new Canal above the said Boundary of one hundred and fifry Yards from the hid 4< Road, one Shilling per Ton; but for such enumerated Articles, except Coal, passing from the Stroud-li water Navigation into the new Canal, and going thereon more than one hundred and fifty Yards above the said Road, and not afterwards return, d back again below the said Boundary of one humired and fifty Yards from the hid Road, or going out of the said new Canal into the Stroudwater Navigation, and having €i previously at any Time parted along am Part of the said new intended Canal above the said Boundary ofone hundred and fifty Yards from the said Ro^.d, thru lu h Sum as the Proprietors of the Than.es and&^wi Navigation shall think proper When the 7horecs and Snurn Company lower their Rates, the Stroudwater Company are to lower their Rates. The Powers or the Stroudwater Company within their own Limits, not altered; unless they reduce their Rates taken at ITalihridie. Mater.als fi r making and repairing the respective Can ils to pass free mutually. Persons navigating Tlu.n^s and Sd’crn Canal notto land Goods on JyaUbridge Wharf without Leave; except Materials whiill the Navig?tion is making. Boatmen to shew their Pals Tick*, ts. Drains to be made in the Canal to convey the Water from the Lands adjoining, and how the same lh.dl be maintained. Land-owners aggrieved by the O tt; uftion of the Company’s Water- couriers, may cleanse them, at the Company’s Expence. When Cattle deprived of Watering Places, others to be provided. CUufe for fencing of} Towing Path, and making Bridges, V. If the Company do not fence of}' the Towing Paths, and make Bridges, L*c. Land-owners may do it at the Company’s Expence. If Bridges, &c. made by the Company are inefficient. Land-owners may make others at their own Expence. The Company enabled to cleanse the adjoining Watercourses at the Land-owners Expence, if they neglect. Land-owners may ercitt Warehouses, etc- on their own Lands. Matters to put 4t their Names on the Outsides of their Boats, and fufter them to be measured, on Penalty of forty Shillings. Boat-matter or Owner made accountable for Damages d*ne by the Crew. Proper Places to be made for 444 Boats to turn or lie in, for other Boats to pass by. Vessels lying so as to obstruct the Navigation to be re- moved. VeiEls sunk to be weighed up. Persons overload’ng and obttnutting the PafTige of the Canal, 444 to forfeit 5l. Persons throwing Ballall into tue Canal to forfeit 101. Persons opening the Locks, or doing other Damage to the Navigation, to forfeit a Sum not more than $/. nor less than 20s. at the Discretion of the Justice. Regulation of Vessels passing the Locks.* Vessels pitting Locks with less than fix 144 Tons, to pay a Lock Due, and Tonnage for fix Pons. Canal not to be under the Power of Com-*44 missioners of Sewers. Proprietors to be taxed for Lands and Buildings in the same Proportions as ad- joining Lands and Buildings. Land-rwrters are allowed to carry Manure Toll-free. Righ s or Lords of Manors and Land-owners to the Fishery reserved. Persons on boaid having Nets, Uc. not being qualified, forfeit t;/- Stones to be erected every HilfMile. Mode of electing new Commissioners. Their Qualification. Commissioners acting, not being qualified, to forfeit Commissioners to give

Notice of their Meetings. Commissioners to be (worn. The Oath. Commissioners may a<tt as Justices. No Commissioner to act as such while he possesses any Place of Profit. General Meeting or Commission* 44 ers. Meetings upon Request, m *y be summoned at any Time. No Meeting to deteitnine Dilpuies, 44 &c. but within five Miles of the Canal. Writings to be exempred from S'amp-duties. Security to be taki n from the Treasurer, tsT Clause to compel Payment of Subscriptions Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Persons aggrieved by any Irregularity in Distress, to recover only the Special Damage. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter hellions/’

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

[Preamble.]

No Manifest, &c. required from an> American V (Tel on cominjt into or cleari £ out of ny British Port, except Exportation Bonds.

For discharging Bunds given for find r g Goods in America.

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the Purpose of opening aCommercial Intercourse with the Inhabitants of the United (States of America, that certain Restrictions attesting the same should be removed, and that certain Powers should be given, for a limited Time, to his Majesty in Council, for regulating the said Commercial Intercourse / be it therefore emitted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Manifest, Certificate, or other Document whatsoever, shall be required for any Ship or Vessel belonging to the said United States of America arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port in this Kingdom, for any Port or Place within the find United States, excepting such Bonds as are required to be taken, duly to export and not to relard any Goods intitled to a Drawback or Bounty, ot which are pro* hibited to be used or worn in this Kingdom; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where a Certificate is required to discharge any such Bond, entered into for the due landing such Goods within the said United States, such Bond shall and may be discharged, upon a Certificate under the Hands and SeaE of any Ulricas who are or may be appointed by the said United States, or any of them, fox that Purpose j and if it

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40 - 42. 3JJ

shall happen that there shall not be any Officer so appointed, then, and in such Case, such Bond shall and may be discharged, upon a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of any IVLgifirate of the said United States, or any of them, certif ying that there is no such Officer at such Port or Place, and that Oach hath been made before such Magistrate, by the Matter, or other Person having the Change of such Ship, that the Goods for which such Certificate in required were duly landed by him within the in id United States.

III. And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act? it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty in Council, by Order or Orders to be itt'ued and published from Time to Time, to give such Directions, and to make such Regulations, with respect to Duties, Drawbacks, or otherwise, for carrying on the Trade and Commerce between the People and Territories belonging to the Crown of Great Britain and (he People and Territories of the said United States, as to his Majesty in Council shall appear mott expedient and salutary; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That this Act, and the Powers and Authorities hereby given to his Majesty, and all Orders issued and published in consequence thereof, shall continue and be in Force until the twentieth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and no longer.

CAP. XL.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia, and of the Cloathing for the Serjeants and Drummers of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for impowering Persons navigating Vessels upon the River Trent, between a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to hale the same with Horses.

Preamble, reciting 10 & n Gul. III. cap. 21. Lord powered to make and keep in Repair Towing Paths for Horses. Towing Paths confined to one Side of the River. Four Plans and Books of Reference to be produced, Towing Paths to be made over Lands, though Owners Names not inserted in Book of Reference; but not to be made on the opposite Side. No Deviation to be made in the l owing Path. If any Alteration in the Banks, so as to va/y from the Plan, Commissioners may alter the Boun- daries. Vtttcls not to be haled with Horses until Towing Path made- Gates, Bridges, tic. to be made across ibe Towing Path. In case of Neglect, Owners, tic. to make the fame; who shall be paid their Expences. Fords not to be made deeper than t8 Inches. Fords to be deepened according to those in the River Trent between ITilden Ferry and Gainsborough. Power given to enter Lands to make the Towing Path, making Satisfaction for Damages. Method of ascertaining Damages. Annual Rent to be paid for Haling Path. The Right of Soil of the Haling Path reserved. Conveyance to be inrolled, and true Copies allowed to be Evidence. Copyhold Rights prefetved. Damages not provided for to be settled by the Commissioners. Commissioners to settle Disputes between the Undertaker and Proprietors relating to the Purchase of Land, or Damages. In case of Refusal to agree, to be settled by a Jury.

Jurors may be challenged. Commissioners may examine Witmttes. Verdict of Jury, tic. to be final.

Witneilcsor Jurymen neglecting to attend, to forfeit a Sum not less than 40 j. or more than 5l. De- crees of the Commissioners to be filed with the Clerk of the Peace for the respective Counties. Purchase Money due to Corporations and TrufEes to be laid out to the same Uses. In Default of Payment,

Rates to be liable, or to be recovered at Law. Satisfaction being made or tendered, the Company may enter and proceed in their Works. No Agreement with Tenants or Lessecs to be binding longer than the Possession shall continue. 7 ow ing Path may be fenced from the adjoining Lands, but so as not to ob-

firudt the Passage. Houses may be built, so as not to obstruct Towing Path. Power given to dig Gra-

45 vel,£>Y. to make Towing Path, in Waste Grounds, gralis; or in private Grounds, making Satisfaction for the fame. Bargemen, tic. having on board Dogs, Guns, or Nets, for destroying Fish or Game, to forfeit $ /. Clause for preventing Trespasses upon the Lands by the Horses haling vett'els. Ownets of VfiTels answerable for Damage done by their Servants; but may recover from their Servants. Names £4 of Owners to be put on Vessi Is, tic* Persons damaging Towing Path, Gates, tic. to forfeit from $ /. to 41 4cr. at the Discretion of the Justice. Towing Path may be used as a BtiJIe-wiy, tic. by Occupiers of Land; but shall not obstruct the Horses towing. Power to take a reasonable Tonnage for Vessels to de- fray the Expence of the Towing Path. No TolI to be taken for Vessels p ’fling between IVilden Ferry and 4< Castle Bennington; or for Gravel, Dung, Soil, Marl, or Lime. Upon Request of Owners or Occupiers,

€l a Meeting of Commissioners to be had. Any three Commissioners may summon Meetings. Clause for preserving the Water for the Use of Mills; and for prefirving the Salmon Fishery. Penalties and For- feitures how to be recovered and applied. Proceeding* not to be subject to Stamp-duties. Clause for compelling Subscribers to pay in their Subscriptions. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sef-4t fions. So much of 10 tl 11 Gul. III. cap. 20, as restrains Persons from making Wharfs, tic, between 44 IVilden Ferry and Nottingham Bridges y repealed."

CAP. XLII.

An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

His Majesty ?nv* powered to make Regulation* for carrying on Trade with America.

Confinnance of (hit Ad.

33*

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

G* 43* 44*

[Preamble.]

Recital of 15 Geo. III. cap* *3-

Just'lCM to Ip-pnint Overseerl out of a List of tight returned by the lahabit-am».

Xn case of Refuel or No pled of the tenons nominated Orer-fevrs, to accept the Ofiite, Justices to appoint «Uieu*

So much of the former Act as requires the K nc to be fipn-«<i within tie Time therein prrlcnbed, repealed*

Rates to be made and signrd by the Church-wardeni, Oeer-seer*, and Inhabiting, on or before the 2.0th of June ycatly.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Anne, and such Part of Cock Lane as lies in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for building a Workhouse and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, certain Powers were vested in the respective Persons appointed, and to be appointed and elected by virtue of the said Act, Guardians or Cover- nors of the Poor of the said Parish: And whereas a considerable Progress hath been made in the Execution of the several Powers given by the said Act; but it is found that the good Purposes intended thereby can-

not be effectually answered, unless the said Act is amended P May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, i: shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Pence for the County of Middlesex, and they, or the major Part of them, at any Petty Sessions, to be held pursuant to such Notice as in the said former Act is and are in that Behalf mentioned, are hereby authorised and required, out of every such Lift of eight fit and proper Persons, being Inhabitants of the District of Saint James, in the said Pan(h, to be Overseers of the Poor of the same Panlh, as by the same Act is directed to be returned, and which shall accordingly be returned, to any two or more such Justices, at such Petty Sessions, to nominate and appoint Four or more Persons to be Overseers; and the Overseers so nominated, together with the Churchwardens of the said Panlh, shall be Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Year then next ensuing; and shall, within three Days after such Nomination, and Notice thereof in Writing given, or left at his or their Place or Places of Abode, take that Office or Duty upon him or them, upon Pain that every such Person, refusing or neglecting lo to do, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; and any two Justices of the Peace for the said County, are hereby authorised and impowered to nominate some other fit Person or Persons to the said Office, in the Place of mm or them refuling or neglecting as aforesaid: And the Person or Persons so nominated, in the Room of such Person or Persons, shall, within three Days after such last mentioned Nomination, and Notice thereof given, or left at his or their Place or Places of Abode, take such Office or Duty upon him or them, upon Pain of forfeiting the like Sum of ten Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglectt; all which laid f orfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer appointed, or to be appointed, to receive the Monies for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and shall be applied for and towards the Relief of such Poor; and shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person and Persons forfeiting the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the same County; and if no Goods and Chat:els c n be found sufficient to levy such Distress, and such Penalties shall not he forthwith paid, then, and in such Case, the said Justice or Justices shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit such Person or Persons to the Houseot G*rre6tion of the said County* there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding twenty eight Days, unless such Forfeitures, and all reasonable Costs apd Charge s, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said former A<fl as directs or requires that the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the said Parish, shall make and iign such general equal Pound Rate or Aifc flment, for and towards the Relief of the Poor, and for other the Ends and Purposes of the said Act as therein is mentioned, within twenty Days after the Sum or Sums of Money necessary to be raised within the Limits of the said Parish, for the Relief of the Poor, and other the Ends and Purposes of the said Act, shall have been ascertained, pursuant to the Directions contained in the said Act; and also so much of the same Act as authorises the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish (in case of Refusal or Neglect of the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitan s, within the said twenty Days, to make such Rat.'or Assessment, as aforesaid), to make one general equal Pound Ra»e or Assessment's near as may be, in the Manner therein mentioned, for and towards the Relief of the Poor, and for paying such Monies as have been necessarily expended under, or in the due Execution of the said Act; and also so much of the same Act as provides and enacts. That no Rate or Rates for th Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, shall be made, other than is in and by the said Act directed; shall be repealed

III. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens, Overseers of the P >r>r, and Inhabitants of the said Parish (paying to the Rates of the said Parish for Church and Poor), shall assemble and meet together in the Vestry Room of the said Parish, on or before the twentieth Day of June in every Ye^r, and at such Meeting and Meetings (whereof respectively due Notice shall he given in the Churches of Saint James and Saint John, in the said Parish, on the Sunday preceding the fame) shall, and they, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required to make and sign one general equal Pound Rate or Assessmentj or as near

7

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44. 333

Rttfi to be all lowrd by two

Justices, and Notice thereof. given,

Vestry Men, fee. neglecting to make and sign Rates, Church* wardens and Overseers msy do it.

Not to extend to the New Prison, or House of Cor-redtion.

For Recovery of the Rates and Afictfnacaii.

as may he, for and towards the Relief of the Poor, and for other the Ends and Purposes of the said former and of this present Act, upon all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who door shall inhabit*, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable,

Cellar, Vault, or any other Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the said Parishes; and on all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who by Law is or are, or shall be chargeable or afie (fable for or towards the Relief*of the Poor, as they the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, or the major Part of them, at such Meeting or Meetings, shall think proper and necessary; which said Rates or Assessments so to be made, shaft be made and laid accoiaing to the yearly Rent or Value of the Premises, and shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose; and shall be allowed by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Aliddujex^ and Notice thereof given in both the said Churches, on the Sunday next alter the lame shall be allowed.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, shall refuseor neglect to make and sign such Rate or AlMiment as aforesaid, on or before the twentieth Day of June in any Year, then, and in such case, and as often as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, and they are hereby authorised and required to meet together at the Workhouse, or in the Vestry Room of the said Parish, or such other Place in the said Panin as they shall appoint, and then and there to make and sign one general equal Pound Rate or Afllfilnent, or as near as may be, fot the Purposes aforesaid, upon all such Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, as aforesaid, as the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or the major Part of them, at such Meeting or Meetings shall think proper and necessary; which being so allowed by such two Justices of the Peace, and such Notice of the Allowance thereof being given as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid, and eitectual, and shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered, in like Manner as if the fit me had been made and tinned by the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants aflbmbk-d as aforesaid; any Law', Statute, or Ufijge, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to tax, rate, or alft's, for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, any Part of the Gaol commonly called The New Prison at CUrkenwell, or the House of Correction, both situate in the said Parish of Saint James ClerkenwelL

VI. And, for the better and more effectually railing and levying the Rates and A (Tc Aments directed to be

made by this and the said former Act,* be it further enacted, That in case any of the Landlords, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Ltfieeor Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, or any other Person or Persons liable to pay any such Rale or Assessment, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money lard, rated, and allefied upon him, her, or them respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to summon by Writing, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, all and every Person and Persons who shall have refused or neglect'-d as aforesaid (upon Oadi being made before such Justice or Justices by the Collector or Collectors, or by one of the Churchwardens or Overseers for the Time being, of the said Rates or Assessments appointed, or to be appointed, in pursuance of the said former or of this present Act, of his or their having attended upon, or at the Place or PLces of Abode of, all and every Person and Persons then intended to be summoned, and demanded the Rate or Rates, and of such Person or Persons having refused or neglected to pay the same), to appear bef-re such Justice or Justices, at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or the Churchwardens or Overseers for the Time being, or any one of them, and to and for any of the Constables of the said Parish, to servealland every such Summons and Summonses, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons therehy intended robe ummoned, or leaving the same at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode: And if any Person or Persons so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the "l ime and Place mentioned in such Summons; or if he, she, or they, shall attend, and shall not shew good and sufficient Cause to such Justice or Justices, that he, she, or they, is or are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates, then all and every the Person and Persons who shall have been

so summoned, shall pay the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Sumriv ns *, and in all Cases where the said Rate shall not be paid upon the Return of such Summons, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices who shall have issued such Summons or Summonses as aforesaid, and be and they is and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required (upon Oath being made before him or them, of the due Service of such Summons or Summonses, by the Party who shall have served the same as aforesaid) to grant a Warrant or Warrants Under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, authoring and directing

the said Churchwardens or Overseers, or any one of them, or the said Collector or Collectors, Constable or Constables, to levy all and every such Rate or Rites, Assessment or AiTefllnents, and ail Arrears thereof, and the Expence of the Summons (if the same shall not have been before paid) and Warrant, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refilling, which shall be found either within the said RariQi or elsewhere, and if within five Days next after any such Distress shall be made, the said Rate or Rates, AssessTment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of the said Summons (if the same shall not have been before paid) and Warrant, and of the making of such Distress, and keeping such Goods and Chattels, the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or any one of them, and the said Collector or Collectors, Constable or Constables, shall cause the said Goods to be appraised by one or more Appraiser or Appraisers, and to be sold; or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with such Arrears, Costs, and Charges as aforesaid, and the Charges of appraising and selling the same, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made by him, her, or them.

VII. And whereas it may happen that many Persons who have been or shall be charged, rated, and assessed, under and by virtue of the said former or this present Act, may. before the Payment of the Sum*

If Rites are

not paid, nor sufficient Cauftl shewn, they may levied by Distress.

Xx

334- 44*

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

H<Jvr S atii may

be *t covered from Persons

<} icing toe PwQi.

Power to the Cuiidiam or Governors £# fur for the Rates and Penalties,

Person* aggrieved may appeal to Two Ju&icei.

which have been or shall be charged or rated on them respectively, quit and leave thftr Lands, Grounds, c Dwelting-houses, Shops, Warthouses, Conch-houl’es, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and remove out of the said Parish, and thereby endeavour to avoid the Payment of the said Rat^s and Assessments Be it therefore enacted, That when any Person or Persons, who hath or have been or shall or may be so rated and a (felled, shall quit his, her, or their Lands, Grounds, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach house, Stable, Ctllar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, whereon such Rate or Assessment has been made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the same, and shall afterwards neglect or refuse to psy the same when due, and demanded of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, or their then Place of Abode, by the said Churchwardens or Overseers, or any one of them, or by the said Collector or Collectors authorised and appointed to receive the same; then, and in every such Casev it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, and* each and every of them is and are hereby required to grant a Warrant or Warrants of Distress under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals (upon Oath being made before him or them by the said Churchwardens or Overseers, or any one of them, or the Collector or Collectors, of the Person or Persons having been so rated as aforesaid, and of such Person or Persons having quitted the Parish as aforesaid, and of the said Rate having been demanded of or from, or at the then Place of Abode of, such Person or Persons), authoring and directing any Constable or Cmistables, of the Parish or Place where such Person or Persons shall then reside, to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, and to sell the same; and such Warrant being countei signed by some Magistrate of the County, Cirv, or Liberty, where the Person or Persons shall then reside (which they, and every of them, are and is hereby required to countersign), it shall and may be lawful to and for such Constable or Constables to distrain and fell the Goods and Chattels of all and every Person and Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay, rendering the Overplus (if any be, after having deduced all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences, of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made by him, her, or them.

VIII. Provided always, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, may, if they think proper, sue in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of their TieTurer or Treasurers for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said foimer or of this present Act, for all or‘any of the Rates or Assessments which have been or shall be made by virtue of the said former or of this present Act, and all Arrears thereof due and unpaid; and for all or any of the Forfeitures or Penalties infhfted by the said Acts, or either of them; in which Action no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. Provided abo, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, or over-rated, by or in any Rare or A tie Ament made or to be made by virtue of the said former or of thrs prefer t Act, and (hill appeal and complain thereof to any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices to examine the said Appellants, and any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath they the said Justices are hereby impowered to administer), touching or concerning the Matter of such Appeal, and to relieve the Person or Persons appealing, or not, as to ihu said Justices shall seem meet (Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said two Justices to heir such Appeals having been given in the said Churches, and affixed on the Church Doors of the said Churches on the Sunday previous to such Meeting).

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Articles, Matters, and Thirds, in the said former Act contained, in any wise relating to the Rates or Assessment? thereby directed to be raised and levied, not hereby repealed, varied, or alteted, shall be and remain in full Force, with respeti to the Rates and Assessments hereby directed to be nude, raised, and levied as aforesaid; and that the said former Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, and not hereby repealed, varied, or altered, shall be, and the same is and are hereby continued, and shall remain in Force as fully and effectually as if this Act had not been made,

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Guardians or Governors, Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks Collector or Collectors, and all other Persons who shall act or be employed in the Execution of thir? Act, shall be subject and liable to all the Restrictions, Qualifications, Penalties, and Forfeitures, that are prov ided, enacted, and declared, of and concerning them in and by the said former Act,

All Powtn, Ac, sb former Act, relatir? to the Kate*, to be in Force, except with re'pest to K' tice in case of Appeal.

Person* employed in Exe-cu'ion of this Act, subject

to all die Restriction* and Penalties of the former Act.

Person* hold.

ing any Place of profit, Contraft, Ac, under the Gu r<f an* or Governo’f, disabled from tfting as such.

Persons difftbltd, jfting At Guardians r Gorernori, Aall forfeit 101, for each Day*

XII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall, directly or indirectly, himself, or by any other Person in Trust for him, or for his Use or Benefit, or on his Account, undertake, execute, hold, or enj >y, in the Whole or in Part, any Office or Place of Profit or Emolument, or any Contract, Agreement, or Commission under, or made or entered inro with or from the Guardians or Governors of the Pu>r of the said P rish, or shall knowingly and willingly furnish or provide, in pursuance of any such Contraft, Agreement, br Commission, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, to be used or employed for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, shall be incapable of acting as a Guardian or Governor in the Execution of any of the Powers given by the said former or by this present Act, during the Time that he shall offer, deliver, or give in any Proposal, to contract or agree for any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or other Thing whatsoever, or during the Time that he shall execute, hold, or enjoy, any such Office or Place, Contraft, Agreement, or Commission, or any Part or Share thereof, or any Beni fit or Emolument anfo g from the lame.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, by the said former or this present Act disabled or de laied to be inedible to act as such Guardian or Governor, as aforesaid, shall presume to act, such Person so aft;ng shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for every Day in which he shall so ad as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons who shall foe for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at H'eji-minsteri and the Money so forfeited shall be recovered by the Person or Persons so fuingwith full Coils of Suit, in any of the said Courts, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which 00 Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Lawj or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44. 335

XIV. And be it enacted, That in every Contract, Agreement, or Commission to be made, entered into, or accepted, with or under the said Guardians or Governors, there shall be inserted an express Condition, that no Guardian or Governor of the Poor of the said Parish be admitted to any Share or Part of such Central, Agreement, or Commission, or to any Benefit to arise therefrom; and in case any Person or Persons, who hath or have entered info or accepted, or who shall or may hereafter enter into or accept, any such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, shall admit any such Guardian or Governor to any Part or Share thereof, or to receive any Benefit thereby, all and every such Person and Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of record at Westminster, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Eflbin, Privilege, Pro-teflion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Governor to tny Share of

A Condition be inserted in such Contracts, that no Guardian or Governor 0>a:l have any Share frereof. Penal'y on Contractor* who shall admit any Guardian or their Contrails,

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly buy or receive into Penalty on Pawn, any of the Clothes or Wearing Apparel, or any of the Visuals or Provisions of any of the Poor, inCT| or Veciiv# who now are or shall be maintained, clothed, or victualled, in the Workhouse of the said Parish, or any ptwn,# of the Goods or Materials canied into the said Workhouse, or any other House or Place, in order to be Clothes and wrought up, manufactured, or used by the Poor of the said Parish, or any of the Goods and Furniture Maicruli, of the said Workhouse, the Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of any one or more credible Wiuiefs or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of ATukHefex, or any Magistrate for any other County, City, or Liberty, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings; one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer (who shall be deemed a competent Witness), and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to levy such Distress, and the said Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, then and in such Case the said Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or H?nds and Seals, commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction of the said County, City, or Liberty, within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, there to be detained and kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding twenty-eight Days, unless such Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges, be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace for the said County may aft in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding he shall be an Inhabitant of the said Parish, for pay he Rates thougbTe is us

thereof. Inhabitanf.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That Copies of all Assignments, Conveyances, Bonds, and Sc- Bonds snd curities, made or to be made by the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, by vir- °'kfr

tue and in pursuance of the said former or this present Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be

kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Guardians or Governors, appointed or to be ,hc fom.er

appointed in pursuance of the said Act; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Assign- m*y be

rnenr, Conveyance, Bond, or Security, hath been or shall be made, is and are hereby impowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings, executed in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, indorsed on his, her. or their Security, or otherwise, to assign over and transfer his, her, or their

Right to the Principal and Interest Money thereby fi cured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; all

which Alignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Clerks within twenty-

+eight Days next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry of such Transfers or Assignments to be made, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the Copies of the said original Assignments, Conveyances, Bonds, and Securities, for which Entry the said Clerk or Clerks shall be paid the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and which said Book or Books shall and may,

stall fensonable Times, be perused and inspected, without Fee or Reward, by any Person or Persons interested in such Assignment or Assignments, Conveyances, Bonds, or Securities; and after such Entry

shall be made, such Assignment or Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and the Principal Monies and Interest due thereon; and

such Assignee may in such Manner assign or transfer again, and so toties quoins.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall he made for any Sum or Sums of Distress not Money to be levied determined by virtue of this or the said former Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlaw- to b<* deemed ful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trefprffcr or Trespassers, on Account of any' unlawful for Refeft or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Wane Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Form*

Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons a^rieved by such Irregularity, may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in any Action on the Case.

XIX. Provided always, That no Plaintiff ox Plaintiffs shall recover, in any Action or Actions for any Plaintiff not such Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made to recover if by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, every Tenoer.of er any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no A,*cn<l1 such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any c* Afiion, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before the Iffiie joined, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Order

33

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Scf-

Jiuus.

Writing* to be without Stamps.

Proceeding! rot to be quashed for Want of form.

Persons ag<inst whom i*dhon» shall be o’ougtit by, or by the Order of the O i.^nians or Governors, for Recovery of any Monies payable by virtue of this or the former

Erpenres of this Act how be paid*

Limitation tf Adiooa*

6etexa] Iffje.

Treble Co&u

Limitation of Prosecutinos kt Pcoaiucs.

C. 44. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

and Judgement shall be had, made, or given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money imo Court.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person and Persons shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Middlesex, within three Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant iirit giving, or causing to be given, fourteen Days Notice at lead in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Guardians or Governors, and within four Days next after such Notice entering imo a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, who, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, as aforesaid, mid of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Coifs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as the faro, justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such JulLces at their Quarter Suedions shall be filial, binding, and conclusive.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, or Alignment, Transfer, or other Security, or other Writing whaikKVcr, under the Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, the respective Guardians or Governors for putting this Act in Execution, or by any Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in the said respective Guardians or Governors, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, nor any Transfer or Alignment of any of the Bonds or Securities aforesaid, made or to be made by any Person or Persons, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, nor any Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this or the said former Act, nor any Order made, nor any other Matter or Thing done or to be done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of the said Acts, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by, or by Order of the said Guardians or Governors against any Person or Persons whomsoever, for cne Recovery of any Rates, Assessments, Forfeitures, or Penalties, or any other Monies payable, or which shall become payable, by virtue of this or the said former Act, or of any Materials, Matters, or Things, fold or to be sold and delivered, or let or to be let by them, or any of them, their or any of their 0.beers, by their or any of their Order, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, and a Verdict shall be had and given against any such Person or Persons against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay Treble Costs; and the said Guardians or Governors shall have such Remedy or Remedies for recovering the same, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Case by Law.

[Treble Costs.]

Att, to pay

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences of passing this Act, and atf other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, or attending any Applications to Parliament relative-thereto, by and on Behalf of any eff the Inhabitants of the said Parish, shall be paid and defrayed with and out of the Monies arisen, or which may first arise, by virtue of the said former or of this present Act

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said former Act, until thirty Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Guardians or Governors, nor after Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and all such Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, may plead the General Issue, and give this and the Lid former Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for or on which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Acts: And if the said Matteror Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought without thirty Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any lurh Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purple limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict ill all be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or it the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Ddcontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if, upon Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then, and in any of the Cases afordau, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have fjth Remedy for recovering the lame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, o» their Co(F, in other Cases by L^w.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty inftfded by tins the said former Act, umefs a Prosecution shall be commenced within twelve Calendar Months after such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred.

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 45. 337

[Publick Act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by ail judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary, and Circuit Courts, in Scotland.

t'ion of Justice throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for % obliging all Persons a Hi ng as Procurators, IK titers, or Agents in the Law in Scotland to take the Oaths $ 4 and for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more complete-,) it is amongst ether things enacted, hat

it shall and may be lawful to and for any P^rcy or Parties conceiving himself or theml'clvcs aggrieved by any Interlocutor, Decree, Sentence, or Judgement <»f any of the inferior Judges therein mentioned, concerning Matters criminal, of whatever Nature or Extent the same may be, except all Cases which in‘er the Loss of Life, or Demembration, or in Matters civil, where the SubjMt Matter of the Suit did not exceed in Value the Sum of twelve Pounds Sterling, to complain and feck Relief against the same by Appeal to the next Circuit Court of the Circuit wherein such inferior Court shall lie, to be proceeded in before the said Circuit Court, in the Way and Manner therein directed; and it is thereby enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, the Circuit Court shall be regularly held tfoice in every Year, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and the Judges thereof mail continue by the Space of six Days at the least, at each Town or Place where the Circuit Courts shall be held for the Dispatch of Business: And whereas it has been found from Experience, that few Appeals have been taken or brought from the inferior Courts to the Circuit Courts, either in Matters criminal or civil, Parties conceiving themselves aggrieved by the Judgements or Decrees of the inferior Courts, choosing to take their Appeals by Advocation or Suspension, and to have the same heard and discussed bcfoie the Courts of Judiciary and Session, in the Course of Law as formerly established, rather than by the summary Re- medy of Appeal to the Circuit Courts, whereby one Branch of Business in these Circuit Courts is greatly abridged, and thereby the Continuance of the Judges at each Circuit Town for the Space of six Days is become unnecessary: And whereas the Judges continuing at any Circuit Town for a longer Time than may be necessary for dispatching and fimshing the Business brought before them, is attended with many Inconveniencies to the Publick, and an unnecefLry Expence to the Judges, Jury, and whole Members of Court, as well as the Sheriffs and inferior Magistrates, who, by Law, are obliged to attend the Judges while they continue at the Circuit Towns; for Remedy whereof,’ may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Judiciary, and the said Court is hereby authorised and required, at the Time of settling and appointing the Spring and Autumn Circuits, that is to fa, between the first and twentieth Days of March, and li ft and-twentieth Days of August, in each Year, by an Act nr Minute to be rccoiJcd in the Books or Adjournal, to declare and determine how long the Judge or Jug^s (h.d! continue and remain in each Circuit Town or Place of the respective Districts; at the Expiration of which Time so to be limited and declared, the Justice-Ayre at such Town or Place shall be concluded and ended, the Jury, Sheriffs, and other Magistrates, discharged from their Attendance, and the Judge or Judges not obliged to continue longer in such Town or Place; any T hing in the atoielaiu Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

11. Provided always, That if any "Trial or Matter Civil or Criminal shall happen to be begun or entered upon, and not concluded and determined, before dapfing of the Time so to be limited and declared for the Judge or Judges continuing in each Circuit Town or Place, it shall nevertheless be proceeded in, and the Judge or Judges, and Jury, shall not be at Liberty to depart or leave the said (own or Place till the same is c-ncluded and determined: And provided also, That the Judge or Judges of the Circuit Courts shall continue, and the Sheriffs and othrr Officers shall attend thtrn, by the Space of three whole Days at the least at each Town or Place whcie the Cncuit shall be held, but that the Jury shall be discharged from their Attendance as soon as the Business may admit.

continue three whole Dayi

[Preamble.]

zo Geo. II. cap. 43, *-ciccd.

Court of Justiciary to determine ho*r long the Judgis shall remain in each Circuit Town.

All Triali

brgun before the limned Ttnc it elapsed, shall be fi.lifted.

Judge*, Sheri fls, Arc. to in each Town.

III. And whereas by an Act, made in the twen:y-fi ft Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty RCnui of King George the Second, intituled An Aid for the mote effectual T/ial and Punishment of High Ireason, *1 Geo. H*. 4 and Misprision of High Treason. in the Hi ft. lands of Scotland j and for abrogating the Practice of taking cap. 19.

down the Evidence in JVriting in certain criminal Prosecutions; and for makingJomefurther Regulations re- lating to Sheriffs Depute and Stewarts Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned and reciting, That whereas the taking down and reducing into Writing the Evidence given in criminal causes and Prosecutions (not extending to the Lois of Life, or Co Demembration) before the Court of Judiciary, and the Circuit Courts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, had, by Excellence, been found very inconvenient, and to occasion great Delay as well as hxpence; it is thereby enacted, That, from and after rbe fi ft 1 )*y July, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Judiciary, and the said rdpeetive Circuit Courts, to proceed in, try, and determine, all causes and Pxolecations before them for any

3*8

Alteration introduce d by the said Act found to be beneficial,

Court of JulH-riary, and Circuit Courts. may try Caufrs for capita] Offence* in the farce Manner as those for less Crimea.

Discretionary Power given to the Judgea.

Counsel, or Prisoner, may interrogate Witnesses.

Not to alter Form of Trials for High Treason, tcc. Recital of two two Act of Parliament of Scotland.

Three Judges of the Court ot Justiciary to be a Quorum, during

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

C. 46, 47. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Crime or Crimes not inferring the Punishment of Death, or Demembration, whereupon the Verdict of an Assize or Jury is to pass, upon examining and hearing the Evidence of the Witness or Witnesses adduced or examined in any such Cause or Prosecution viva voce, without reducing into Writing the

Testimony of any such Witness or Witnesses; and that the Practice of taking down and reducing into Writing the Testimony of Witnesses in such cases, be, anti the same is thereby abrogated and abolished:

And whereas the Alteration introduced in the Trial of the letter Crimes by the above Ad has been found, by Experience, to be attended with important and ialutary Confluences: And whereas the taking down and reducing into Writing the Evidence given in the Trial of Crimes, which may infer the Punishment of Death, or Demembration, as now practised in the Court of Justiciary, and Circuit Courts, has been found, by long Experience, to be attended with great Inconveniencies, by prolonging Trials to such a Length, as has been found dangerous to the Health of the Judges, Counsel, and Jury, whereby the best Jurymen are often deterred from attending such Service; and those who do attend, after being exhausted with the Fatigue of such long Tri.ds, are little able to discharge their Duty in reconsidering the whole Evidence as taken down at such Length in Writing, in order to form their Verdict ;* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid1, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Justiciary, and the said respective Circuit Courts, to piocecd in, try, and determine all Cauies and Prosecutions before them, for any Crime or Crimes inferring the Punishment of Death, or of Demembration, in the same Manner as is now practised in Prosecutions for letter Crimes, by the Verdict of an Assise, or Jury, upon examining and hearing the Evidence of the Witness or Witnesses adduced or examined in any such Cause or Prosecution vice voce% without reducing into Writing the Testimony of any such Witness or Witnesses.

IV. Provided always, That if in the Trial of any of the Crimes which may infer the Punishment of Death, or Demembration, it shall appear to the Judges more expedient to take down and reduce into Writing the Testimony of all, or any Number of the Witnesses, according to the present Practice, it shall be lawful for them to proceed in that Manner; any Thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, That in all such Trials and Prosecutions, whether the Evidence be reduced into Writing, or be taken from the Witnesses viva voce, without reducing the same into Writing, the Counsel on both Sides, and the Pannel, or Prisoner, may interrogate the Witnesses upon all pertinent and legal Questions, and immediately before the Assise or Jury shall be inclosed, the Evidence shall be summed up by the Judge, or one of the Judges, before whom Inch Trial shall be had.

VI. Provided lilcewiftf, That nothing herein contained shall alter, or be understood to alter, in any Respect, the Form or Mode of Trials before the said Courts for the Crimes of High Treason, or of Mif-piiuon of Treason.

VII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year one thousand six hundred and seventy-two, intituled, Act concerning the Regulation of the fudicato'ies, among other Regulations of the Court of Judiciary, it is provided. That four of the Judges shall always be a Quorum of that Court: And whereas, by another Act of the Parliament o (Scotland^ made in the Year one thousand six hundred and eighty-one, intituled. All appointing the Riorum of the fujlice Court in Time of

Vacance, it is statuted and ordained, That in Time of Vacance of me Session, three of the Commissioners of Justiciary dial 1 be a fuflacient Quorum: And whereas it has been found, from Experience, that the Quorum appointed by the Act of the Parliament of Scotland first above recited, is often attended with Inconveniences, as interfering with the Attendance of the Judges of the Court of Justiciary to their Duty as Judges in the Court of Session, and that the Reafou for reducing the Quorum of the said Court of Justiciary to three, applies, with more Propriety, to the Time of the sittings of the Court of Session,

than to the Time of the Vacation of that Court be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any' three of the Judges of the Court of Justiciary, who are also Judges of the Court of Session, shall be a sufficient Quorum of the said Court of Justiciary, as well during the Sittings of the Court of Session, as in the Time of Vacance, or Recess of that Court.

*he Sittings of the Court of Session.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, and Regulations, contained in this Act, shall take Place and have Continuance from ami after the first Day o (July next, for the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for widening the North-west End of Fenchurch-street, and the South End of the Old Jewry, within the City of London.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for altering and varying the Powers of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Douglas alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to purchase the said River Navigation; for amending the said last mentioned Act; for incorporating and consolidating the said Two Navigations; and for other Purposes.

41 The Fumble rentes Act 6 George I. Cap. 2S. and the Act for the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, 10 Geo. III. 44 that the Leeds Conpany have purchased twenty-eight Shares, Part of thirty-six, into which the Douglas 3 44 Navigation

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 48. 339

Navigation was divided; and that a considerable Part of Leeds and Liverpool Canal is made; after the passing of this Act, the Navigation of the River Douglas, Ajland, to be vsfttd in the Company of 4t Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Navigation, who are indemnfi d front (he Penalties of the Statute u of Mortmain. Company may purchase the Towing Paths. DiLbled Persons may sell to the said lc Company of Proprietors such Lands as shall be wanted for the said Douglas Navigation, &c. Corporations, and other disabled Persons, may sell such Lands as may be separared inu> small Parcels, and the Occupation thereof rendered inconvenient, by the extending the said Navigations. Purchase Monies paid to Corporations and Trustees to be laid out to the same U(es; and in the mean Time inwfted in the publick Funds. The Douglas Navigation to be held by the Proprietors, according to their Shares in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal. No Proprietor to receive any Dividend, until he in all have p,id his Proportion of the Purchase of the Douglas Navigation, and also all Arrears due upon his Soares in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal. The Douglas Navigation to be always held with the Leeds and Liverpool Navigation. Commissioners appointed (or determining Differences. If Parties are dissatisfied with Determination of Commissioners, IAc. they shall issue a Warrant to Sheriff, or Coroner, to impannel a Jury. Jurors may be challenged. Persons requesting a Jury to enter into a Bond to profecate Five Commissioners to be a Quorum. Commissioners to be sworn. Three Commissioners may assess Damages under 4or. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions; whose Determination shall behnal. Persons giving false Evidence liable to the Punishments for Perjury. General Assemblies when to be held; and a Committee, confiding of twenty-three Persons, to be appointed, to manage the Affairs of the Company. Proprietors not attending to forfeit 5*. />*rSha*e. An Account of the Monies received and expended to be made out, and lent to every Proprietor. No Proprietor, during such Time as he shall be a Trader upon the Canal, shall vote, either by himself or Proxy, or as Proxy for any other Subscriber or Proprietor, in any Question relating to the lessening and advancing the Tolls and Rates,

Clause for ascertaining the Tonnage of Srones, and for making and repairing publick Bridges, &c.

Proprietors to fix Hawling Chains to ruin Swivel Bridges. Boatmen to shut the Swivel Bridges immediately after their Wffcls shall have passed. Vessels under twenty Ions not to pass Locks without Consent of the Company. Clerks, and others, to give proper Security. Rates may be leased, or varied. Clause restraining the letting certain Parts of the Douglas Tolls. Tonnage of Coals within twenty Miles of Liverpool to be as low per Mile as upon any other Part of the Canal in Lancashire. Notice to be given of the Intention to lease or alter the 'Foils. Navigation not to be liable to Taxes,

other than for the Land used for the Purpose. No Goods to be removed until Wharfage paid, under the Penalty of 5l. Clause for reducing the Water six Inches in certain Parts of the Canal, and to prevent false Caps being put upon the Gates. Persons putting on false Caps to forfeit 5 /. Propietors not to bring Water into the Canal from the Douglas, except at particular Time9. Persons leaving open the Lock Paddles, to forfeit 4or. TarletonlVeir to be reilored, when the Company of Proprietors shall find it necessary, Clause to prevent Water being turned to Alartin AJear, other than up >n certain 4< Occasions and Times. Warrants may be directed to the Conftaoie or Headborough, tise. where the Offender shall live Clause repealing certain Parts of former Acts. The several Powers in the Leeds Canal Act extended to the River Douglas. Houses not to be pulled down, and certain Lands not to be cut through. Land-owners, &c. not to make Drains into the Canals between Bi iers Mill and Sollom Lock. Proprietors impowered to borrow Money; and to assign the Navigation as a Security. Mort- gages to be entered in Books; and may be transferred. Transfers to be entered. Interest of all Money to be borrowed to be paid half-yearly, before the Company receive any Dividend orlntereff"

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable; it was (amongst other Things) thereby enacted and declared, That the said River of Trent was, and for ever thereafter should be, f deemed and taken to be navigable from Gainforough, in the County of Lincoln, up to the Place oiled Widen Ferry; and chat all the King’s liege People whatsoever might have, and lawfully and rightfully enjoy, their free Passage, in, along, through, and upon the said River, from the said Place called Wilden Ferry, down to Gainsborough aforesaid, and back again, with Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels; and have and enjoy all necessary and convenient Liberties, for having and navigating the same, without any Obstruction whatsoever: And whereas the Navigation of the Lid River is greatly obstructed determined by Shoals and o:her Impediments: And whereas, if a proper and convenient Navigation was made from Wilden Ferry aforesaid to Gainsborough aforesaid, so as always to have a proper Depth of Water in the dried Seasons, the same would compleat the Communication with the Port of Hull, and greatly tend to the Encouragement and Increase of Trade and Commerce carried on in the Neighbourhood of the said River Trent, and be of publick Utility: And whereas at prefenr, Boats, Barges*, Keels, and other Vessels, navigating upon the said River, are haled by Men only; but, if Power was given to hale them with Horses, the Navigation on the said River would be attended with greater Expedition and Convenience, and be carried on at less Expence: And whereas the several Persons herein after particularly named, are willing and desirous, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to make and maintain such Navigation 3 but the same

[Preamble.]

Recital of to Si 11 Gul, III, cap. to.

C. 48.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1753.

cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

incorporated, Clause deferring the Manner in which the Naviga-Path to be confined to the Top of the Banks, and properly secured; case of Damage, Satisfaction to be made by the Company, and the Junks repaired by

Depth

The

Undertakers appointed, and

tion shall be made. Haling <( -

and in

them. The Company obliged to mainrain Mr. Thowplcm's Banks in the Parish of Bole.

of Water to be ascertained by the Plan, and Section, and by Stones and Maiks.

Company not to make Fords irrpaffiible, or to make Cuts or Canals. Stoke Ford not to be lowered deeper than 25 Inches. Commissioners nuy lower Fords to 24. Inches, if they find ft necessary. CLufe for providing Ferry Boats at the Fords. No Weirs or Dams to be imdc across, or in the River, so as to prejudice Fisheries, or nbftrud the Passage of Salmon or other Fish. Communications between the River Trent and other Navigations to be preserved. Lands may be entered to take Surveys. Divers Surveys have been taken, and a Plan and Section, and Book of Reference made: Three Parts thereof to be made, and to be certified by the Speaker of the House of Commons; and allowed to be good Kviden.ce. Haling Paths to be made pursuant to the Plan. Land-owners being u omitted in the Book of Reference, not to obstruct the making the Haling Path. Breadth of Haling Paths limited. Gates or Drop-fhles to be made upon the Haling Path, at the Option of the Owners dr Occupiers of Lands, and paid for by the Company. In case ot Refusal, Parties may complain to a Justice. Owners or Occupiers may take away Gates and Drop-stiles, and let up others in their Stead. Haling Path not to be made over certain Places. Buildings may be erected near the River, but not to obstruct the Haling Path. Annual Rents to be paid for Haling Path. Right of Soil of the Haling Path reserved, No Vessels to be haled with more than two Hories. When ten Miles of the Haling Path are completed on any Part of the River, the same may be used. Bodies Politick, ifc. empowered to sell Lands. Conveyances to be enrolbd, and true Copies allowed to be Evidence. of Rights preserved. Commissioners appointed to determine Differences. If Partus refuse to submit to, or are diffatUfied with the Determination of Commissioners, or refuse to accept Satisfaction, or upon Notice to treat, shall not agree; Commissioners to issue their Warrant for summoning a Jury. For Want of Jurymen, Sranders-by to be chosen. Jurois may be challenged. Witnesses m. v be summoned, and examined on Oath. Commissioners to give Judgment as aflelled by the Jury; which Verdict and Decree shall be conclusive. Sheriff, Coroner, or Jurors, &c. making Default, to forfeit $/. Persons requeuing a Jury, to enter imo a Bond to prosecute before the Commissioners issue their Warrant (or the Jury. Notice of Injury to be given to the Proprietors before Complaint thereof made to the Commissioners. Purchase Money due to Corporations and Trustees to be laid out to the same Uses. In Default of Payment, 44 Rates to be liable, or to be recovered at Law. Decrees of the Commissioners to be filed with the Clerk of the Peace for the respective Counties. Satisfaction being made or tendered, the Company may enter and proceed in their Works. Persons obstructing the Wo*ks, to forfeit not less than lor. or more than 44 /. at the Discretion of the Justice. Proprietors may raise 1 ,0r-o/. amongst themselves to carry on the Work. No Person to have more than four Share*, except by Will, or as Execut, £sV. Disputes between the Company and Persons claiming Payment or Expences relative to this Ato be referred to two indifferent Persons. The Money to be raikd to be divided into 260 Shares of 50l. each; 44 5/, per Cent, to be paid to the Subscribers till the Wo;ks air completed. Power to raise more, in case the 13,^00l. shall be insufficient, by Subscription, or by Mortgage of the said Navigation. Entries of all Alignments to be made in Books. Alignments may be transferred. Transfers to be notified to the Clerk, who Hull enter the same in a Book Interest robe paid half-) early, before any Dividends 41 afe made. Eirft Meeting of Proprietors, June 24, who shall ,chu(e a Committee to manage

Affairs of the Company, and appoint a Treasurer and Clerk. Committee to be chosen annually. Each Member of the Committee to have only one Vote, except the Chairman. Committee to nuke Reports *4 of their Proceedings to the General Afftmbbes, and to be subordinate thereto. Committee empowered to make Calls of Money from the Proprietors, for carrying on the Navigation, if they find it necessary. fAll Money whatsoever so be paid into die Hands of the realurn*; but to be applied by the Committee in Works relating to the Navigation. Notice of Calls to be advertised 5 and also by Letter from the Clerk to the Subscribets. Kirft Call to be recovered by Action of Debt, £5fc. Persons not paying the future Calls purfuunr to Notice, to forfeit their bhares. Forfeitures to be declared at General Assemblies, within three Months after the Forfeitures shall be made. Any General Assembly of Proprietors nuy remove or displace any Committee Man, or other Officer; and alter or revoke any Rules or Regulations laid down f<»r their Proceedings. Executors, £sV. of Owners of Shares, indemnified for paying Money, when called for. Shares may be disposed of No Person shall fell after any Call of Moniei nude, until the Monies called for upon th^ Shares so to be sold shall be paid. No Business to be done at a Committee, unless five be present. Treasurer to be allowed his Expences, ife, Clerk to be enirufied with Mon v to pay petty Expences, &c. 7 wo General Meetings yearly; all Accounts then to be settled pffled. Propr iefors allowed to take Tolls, viz* for ev<’ry Ton of Goods, which shall be carried from Wilden Ferry to G aivfhcrough, Nine-pence; from IF 11 den Ferry to Newark upon Trent, Six- P^nce; from IT 11 den Ferry to Nottingham Trent Bridge, Three-pence; from Gmnjhorcugh to Nottingham 4‘ Trent Bridge, Six-pence; from Guinffarcugh to Newark, Three-pence; and from Nottingham Trent Bridge 10 Newark, Thiee-pence; anti so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or (or 44 any less DifHnce than the whole Length of the Navigation Cl jufe for proportioning the Toll within certain Difhnrcs. No Fraction of a Farthing to be allowed in the Tolls. No Toll shall be demanded 4‘ for any Boar, navigated upon the Rivei Trent between the Erewash Canal and the River Soar\ but in beu of such Toll, the two Companies of Proprietors belonging so the said Canal and River, shall pay 4t 10 the Company of Prcpi iefors, established by this Act, the two annual Sums of fifty Shillings, making together the Sum of five Pounds, to commence from June *4, 1784. No Toll to be taken until a certain

Part

34*

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49.

Part of the Haling Path shall be made. The Dividend limited to 7 per Cent. In case the Proprietors do not lower the Tolls when Surplus exceeds 10:/. the Commissioners impowered to inspect their Books, 46 and lower Tolls, if necessary. And if there is a Deficiency from lowering of Tolls, Proprietors may raise them again- Materials for Roads, &c. and Manure for Land, to be free from Tolls- Clause for 4C ascertaining the Weight of Goods. Pleasure Boats exempt from Toll. The Branch near Newark having been improved under an Act of the 12th Geo. III. the Clause in the said Act for haling with 41 Men only, recited and repealed. All Persons may use the said Branch, and pass down through the same with Boats, and hale thereon with Horses, free from Duties. Not to extend to Goods landed upon the said Branch. 1 s. to be paid for each Boat going up; which the Company of Proprietors are to pay to the Collector of the Rates under the said Act. Payment of tr. a Boat to be in lieu of Tonnage from The Upper IVclr to The Crankleys. No Works to be made near the said Branch, to prejudice the fame; or to prevent the Duke of Newcastle from making any Dock adjoining thereto. Method of recovering Tells. Tolls may be lessened, and to be free from Taxes. Matters of Vessels to give Bills of Lading. All Vessils to be marked with graduated Figures denoting their Burden. In case of Difference concerning Weight of Goods* Vessels to be detained. Names and Places of Abode of Owners, to be put on the Outside of the Vessels, on Penalty of 5l. Matters and Owners of Vessels to pay for Damages done by their Servants. Matters to recover back from their Servants any Sums paid for their Neglects or Defaults. Lords of Manors, may erect Wharfs and Warehouses upon their own Lands. The Company may erect Wharfs or Warehouses River not to be under Commissioners of Sewers. Navigation to be measured, and Stones set up. Not to prejudice the Rights of Lords of Manors, and others, entitled to Fisheries in the River. Persons haling, &c. committing any Tref- pass subject to Penalties. If Horses used in haling are found grazing on Lands adjoining to the River, the Owner of them to pay 4-/. to the Occupier of the Land. Owners of Lands may use the Haling 14 Path as a Drift Way for their Cattle, but no other Persons to use the fame. Persons on board Boats having Nets, fiffr. and not being qualified, forfeit 5l. Mode ofelefting new Commissioners. Commissioners not to act where interested. Commissioners acting not being qualified forfeit 50l. Commissioners for Laneham Drainage may act as Commissioners under this Act. Previous Notice to He given of all Meetings. Commissioners to be sworn; and may act as Justices. Persons holding any Place of Profit or Contraft disqualified to act as Commissioners. Meetings may be called at any Time by three Commissioners. Writings to be without Stamps. Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form. 41 Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. How Justices to proceed for Conviction of Offenders. Distress not unlawful for Want of Form. Persons giving false Evidence to be deemed guilty of Perjury. Damages not provided for to be settled by the Commissioners. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. This Act not to prevent the Corporation of Nottingham to make, 44 at any Time hereafter, any navigable Cut into the River."

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand; and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes; and also Stamp Duties on Receipts.

Geo. III. 33*

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for charging a Preamble

Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes payable other- Recital of 1% wife than upon Demand, it was enacted, Thar, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand, seven hundred and eighty-two, there (bouId be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, payable otherwise than upon Demand, should be engrossld, written, or printed* where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, should not amount to the Sum of fifty Pounds, a Stamp-duty of Three-pence; and for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, payable otherwise than upon Demand, should be engrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, should amount to the Sum of fifty Pounds, or upwards, a Stamp-duty of Sixpence: Now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, finding that it will he convenient, and for the publick Service* to repeal the said Stamp-duties, so made payable by the said recited Act, and to grant unto your Majesty the several new Stamp-duties herein after mentioned, as well for securing a certain Fund for Payment of such Annuities as by the said recited Act were charged upon the said Stamp-duties, as to enable your Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three;’ therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it nafted by the Xing’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a (Tern tried, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Rates and Duties granted by an Act made and passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An for charging a Stamp-duty on Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable,

Purpose of this Act.

Fmm August 1,

J783, the recited Act rcpctled.

3+2

Kevr Duties to commence on August if 17S35 viz.

Bills of Exchange, Promis-1‘ory or other Notes, Draft! or Orders, under 501. to pay a

If 501. or of-wards, to pay It-

From Sept. 1, 17S3, the following Stamp-dtties shall be paid} fit-Receipts for % I. and under 101-to pay a d, each:

For xo 1. and upwards, 4 d. each.

Exemption of Drafts and Orders, for Payment of Money oq Demand, up. 00 Bankers living within 10 Miles of ih? Drawer, Sec%

Exemption of Receipts given by Seamen or Soldiers for Wager or Pen-fiooi due from

Not to extend to Bills of Exchange, Arc. in Scotland, not exceeding 21».

Bills of Exchange, Pro-mi duty Notes, Sec. under 101. payable on

Not to extend to Receipt? on foreign Bills of Exchange.

No fore gn Bill, dec. chargeable with morn than 6d. each Copy.

Exemption of Note?, Sec. if-sued by the Bank, in consideration of ii.oooo i, per Annum.

C. 49. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the ft id first Day of August, one thousand, seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say, # '

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, ot other Note, Draft, or Order, shall be engrossed, written, or printed,* where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the Sum of fifty Pounds, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of Sixpence:

Sump-duty of 6d. t

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, shall be engrossed, written, or

frinted, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the Sum of tifty bunds, or upwards, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Shilling.

III. And be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, or other Discharge given upon the Payment of Money, amounting to two Pounds, and not amounting to the Sum of twenty rounds, shall be ingiofled, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of Twopence:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, or other Discharge given upon the Payment of Money, amounting to the Sum of twenty Pounds, and upwards, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of Pour-pence.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge any Draft or Order, for the Payment of Money on Demand, upon any Banker, or Person or Persons acting as a Banker, tefiding or transading the Business of a Banker, within ten Aides of the Place of Abode of the Person or Persons drawing such Draft or Order; or to charge any Receipt for any Morey paid into the Bank of England, or the House of any Banker; or any Receipt, or other Discharge, given for any Money received on any Dividend, payable from the Publick or Government Funds established by Parliament; or any Receipt given on the Back of any Bill of Exchange, Promiflery or other Note, stamped in pursuance of this Act; or upon any Bank Note, or Bank Poll Bill; or to any Letter acknowledging the safe Arrival of any Bills, Notes, or Remittances; or any Receipt indorsed on, or contained in the Body of any Deed^ Bond, Mortgage, or other obligatory Instrument, already directed to be stamped by any Law now in being; or to any Release or Acquittance by Deed; or to any Receipt given by the Treasurer of the Navy for any Money imprested to, or received by him, for the Service of the Navy; or to the Receipt of any Agent for Money imprested by or to him on account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance; or to any Receipt given by any Officer, Seaman, or Soldier, or their Representative, for or on Account of any Wages, Pay, or Pennon, due to them from the Navy, Army, or Ordnance; or to any Receipt given upon any Navy, Victualling, or Ordnance Bill, issued, or to be issued, before the said first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Nary, Army, Sec.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, Draft or Order, payable upon Demand, issued in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed the Sum of twenty-one Shillings.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, payable upon Demand, with any higher Stamp-duty than the Sum of Three-pence, where the Sun* expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the Sum of ten Pounds.

Demand, to pay only 3 d.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Receipt given upon the Back of any Foreign Bill of Exchange.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Foreign Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, shall be charged with any higher Stamp-ducy tnun Six- ence; but that every Duplicate and Triplicate of such Foreign Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft# or Order, shall be chargeable with the like Stamp-duty of Six- pence.

IX. And whereas it may be proper to exempt all Promissory and other Notes and Bills, issued by the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from the Payment of the Stamp-duties imposed by this Act upon Promissory and other Notes, in consideration and upon Payment of a certain Sum of Money in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted, That all Promissory and other Notes and Bills issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of En^laruly shall be exempted from the Stamp-duties hereby imposed upon Promissory and ether Notes, upon Payment of the annual Sum of twelve thousand Pounds, by the said Governor and Company, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by half-yearly Payments; such Payments to be made on or before the tench Day of October, and the fifth Day of April# in every Year; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandingr* a a

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49. 343

Perf >n? frpudum icr-tly cvad;ng the Duties,

X. And, in order to prevent, as far as njay be, any Evasion of the aforesaid Duties on Receipts/ be it further enacted, That the whole Sum for which any Receipt shall be given, shall be really and bona fide inserted in such Receipt; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall give or accept any Receipt or Acquittance, in which a less Sum shall be expressed therein than the Sum actually received, with an Intent fraudulently to evace the said Duties, or either of them; or shall separate or divide the Sum actually paid or received into divers Receipts, with Intent to evade the said Duties, or either of them; or shall be guilty of, or concerned in, any fraudulent Contrivance or Device whatsoever, with Intent or Design-to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or either of them, imposed upon Receipts by this Act} every such Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as to forfeit 20l. herein after is directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Receipts ip which the Sum mentioned therein shall be expressed to be in full, or as a Satisfaction of all Demands, and all general Acknowledgments of Debts or Demands being discharged, shall be deemed and taken fco, be Receipts for above the Sum of twe nty Pounds, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be liabletothe Stamp-duty of Four-pence hereby imposed.

c XII. And, for ascertaining by whom the said Stamp-duties htrein-before granted shall be payable/ be it further enacted, That the Duty hereby granted on any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, shall be paid by the Person or Persons giving the fame; and the Doty hereby granted on any Receipt, shall be paid by the Person or Persons giving the fame; and the Duty hereby granted on any Receipt, shall be

Bid by the Person or Persons by whom *be fame shall be required; except such Receipts as shall be for oney paid to any Person or Persons in respect of any Salary, Penfton, Debt, or other Sum payable from his Majesty to such Person or Persons, in which Case the Duty on such Receipt shall be paid by the Person or Persons giving the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectually levying and collecting the -said Duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; ft r which Purpose they, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the rte-Axflary Officers under them, and to use and provide such Stamps for the said several Duties as shall be re-quifue in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution with relation to the said Duties, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner, as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

XIV. And, for the better feeuring the said Stamp-duties hereby imposed/ be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, upon which any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note,

Draft, or Order, Receipt, or other discharge, given for the Payment of Money, shall be ingrossed or written, shall, before the same shall be ingrossed or written, be brought to the Head Office for damping and marking of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the said Commissioners, by themselves or their Officers, shall, from Time to Time, stamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, er Paper, upon Payment of the said Duties: And if any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other

Note, Draft, or Order, Receipt, or other Discharge given for the Payment of Money, so hereby directed to be damped, shall not be marked or damped as by this Act is directed, or shall be marked or damped for a lower Duty than as aforesaid, no such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, Receipt, or other Discharge, shall be pleaded and given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be good or available in Law or Equity.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all undamped Receipts, in which any Sum of Unfttmped Re-Money, nor amounting to two Pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall (by the Insertion of the Words, ceipttuD^er % j. In full of all Demands, or otherwisej be given as a general Acknowledgment of all Debts or Demands being Ev^enec^but11 discharged, may be pleaded or given in Evidence, and may be available in Law for such Sum so expressed, Acknow-but not as a general Acknowledgment of all Debts or Demands being discharged. ledgments of all

Demands being discharged.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Receipts, impressed with a Stamp of Two- Twopenny P^nce, in which any Sum of Money, amounting to two Pounds, and not amounting to the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall (by the Insertion of the Words, In full of all Demands, or otherwisej he given as a general Acknowledgment of all Debts or Demands being discharged, maybe pleaded or given in Evidence, and may be available in Law for such Sum so expressed# but not as a general Acknowledgment of all Debts or Demands being discharged.

therein.

XVII. And whereas a great Number of Stamps, for the Value of Three-pence, may, under the said BMt,&c. mark* recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, have been already provided and impressed upon Sheets or ed already with Pieces of Paper, intended for Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, which said Bills of Ex-1 change, and Notes, may have been printed from Copper Plates provided for that Purpose: And whereas x it might be a very great Inconvenience and Loss to Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, to have such Stamps cancelled, and to provide others of the Denomination required by this Act / be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp-dutie9, where Bills of Exchange, or Promissory or other Notes, shall by this Act require a Stamp of Six-pence only, to mark an additional Stamp of Three-pence to the Stamp of Three-pence already impressed on the same, under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament; and such Bill of Exchange, Promissory and other Note, so damped with the two several Stamps of Three-pence and Three-pence, shall be considered as good and valid as if the same had been damped or marked with one Stamp of Six-pence, as hereinbefore directed, and shall have the same Force and Effect in Law or Equity; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Receipt! in full to pay 4 d.

Duty on Bills of Exchange, See, to be paid by the Drawer crGiver. Duty cn Receipt* to be paid by tht^ Persons requiring the m. See,

Management of the Duties to be under the DU region of tbt Commissionera of Stamps.

All Vellum# Paper, 6cc. to fee stamped before any Promissory Mote. Sec. shall be written thert-oo.

Stamps on Receipts for 2 1. and under iol. may be given in Evidence for the Sum espressed

Threepenny Sump, shall have another added thereto;

344

Usual Allowance on prompt Payment of Du:ies»

Stamps may be altrrrd and renewed*

Any Person counterfeiting the Stamps or tittering such Counterfeits, shallfufter Death as a Felon,

Duties granted by this Act to be kvied, Sec. as those under former Stamp-acts*

Application of Penalties*

Duties to be paid ro Receiver Cenera) of Sump-duties.

A separate Account thereof to bt kept by the Auditor o/ the Exchequer*

Application of the Duties.

Person* sued for executing this Act, may plead the General Issue, and shall be entitled to Treble Costs,

C. 49. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the same Allowance shall be made on present Payment of the several Duties granted by this Act, only in such Manner as by any former Law relating to damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, is directed and allowed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That such Stamps as the said Commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are by any former Law relating to Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Dufies; or shall utter, vend, sell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duties, with any counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; then every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said new Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Duties hereby imposed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Pecuniary Penalties hereby impoied shall go and be paid, the one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Coflj of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, Jf^ales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein noEffoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or mo. e than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted, shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and dilfinct Account of the several Duties imposed by this Act, and pay such Duties (the necessary Charges of raffing, paying, and accounting for the same being dedufttd) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, at fur h Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said several Duties impoied by this Act, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever.

XXV. And whereas the Rates and Duties upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other

Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand, were, together with certain other Duties, made a Fund for

Pa\ment of the Annuities established by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for ejlaiiifiring a Lottery '; and it is therefore

necessary that Part of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted shall be applied towards Payment of the said Annuities, in lieu of the said Rates and Duties y be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first; Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, being the Sum which the said Rates and Duties were intended to raise, shall bere-fervtd and set apart, at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, and that out of the Monies which shall be paid into the Receipt of tht Exchequer, of the Duties hereby repealed, and out of the Duties granted by this Act, a proportional Part of the Sum of twelve thousand five hundred Pounds ftnll, from the fi/ft Dayof August, One thousand seven hundred and eigh'y-three, to the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ftghry-thrce 5 and the Sum of twelve thousand five hundred Pounds, from and after the said tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be set apart and applied quarterly to the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties hereby repealed were applicable; and that the Residue of the Produce of the said Rates and Duties, (o paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several and respective Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be pud and payable. pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for riiifing a certain Sum of Money by ivay if Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.)

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be fu?d, moltIUd. or prefecuted, foi any Thing by him or them done or executed in purtuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such J’erson and Persons dial and may plead the General Issue, and give tne‘peciai Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pais for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants (hill have Treble Costs awarded to him or them aeainst such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

c. 50. 3+5

CAP. L.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army; and to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled An

XV. Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of his Majestys Forces, several Pro- 21 Gf0;111 caP# 4 visions were made relative to the Payment and Clearing of the Army, which have been found inconve- *,»rcciled>

nient; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the fttid Act be, and the same is hereby repealed. and repealed.

II. And whereas it appears, by the Reports made by the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, D r Oionito and state the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, that the Paymasters of the Forces have heretofore been the Pajnnfrer accustomed to accumulate larg* Sums of Publick Money in their Hands beyond what was necessary for J^icmoriaJs^o"

carrying on the Services in their Department, and to take and carry out of Office with them, upon their th^Tr^f^yVor Resignation or Removal, large Balances of Publick Money, which they have retained and kept in their MoneyforArmy Hands many Years after being out of Office: And whereas it is highly expedient that a Remedy should Services, &c.

be provided for these Inconveniencies :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, in all Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury, for Money for Army Services, shall pray, that such Sum as he requires may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account, specifying in every such Memorial the Sum he requires, and for what particular Service or Set vices; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, by their Letter from Time to Time, shall di-rtft the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, naming such Paymaster General for the Time being, the Sum for which such Letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer, in Favour of the said Paymaster General, for which, the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Paid Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all Sums for which such Letters of the Commissioners of Such Monies to his Majesty's Treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng- '^ued to the land, in like Manner as they have been heretofore issued to the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces; the Account* and all such Monies so to be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England Qu\\ be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, and to be General, intituled, The Account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, inferring the Name of such Paymaster General for the Time being.

III. And be it enacted, That no Fees whatsoever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury for or by On'y customary reason of the Transactions aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what hath been tifually paid upon Imprefts and Fees to br P*id Accounts hitherto made, according to the former Custom of trunfafting Business between the Exchequer, *r*. M Pay-office, and Bank severally.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the p.iffing of this Act, M neyfor Army

no Money for the Service of the Army shall be issued from his Majesty's Exchequer to the Paymaster Gene- Sumer* issued ral of his Majesty's Forces, or shall be placed, ordirested to be placed, in his Hands or Possession; but the lhet*xb"e fame shall be issued, and directed to be paid, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and p^'^tVthe* to be placed to the Account above mentioned. n nk

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Paymaster General of his Majesty's »aymaft?r, or Forces for the Time being, by himfftf, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in h's Office duly autho- ]’»* De>,l"y* rifed by the said Paymaster General, from and after the passing of this Act, shall draw upon the Governor p4Jnk°or all and Company of the Bank of England for all Army Services whatever, and shall specify in each and every ^ray Service*. Draft the particular Service for which the same is drawn: And no Draft of the said Paymaster, or his Deputy, or the Pe/fonor Persons authorised as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, unless the same specihes the Service for which it is drawn,

and has been actually paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so to be issued to the Go- Bnnlt not to pay vernor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's f*M Money, ua-Forces, shall not be paid out of the Bank, unless for the Army Services, and in pursuance of Drafts, or l_tts fnr ArmL Cheque Paper, to be drawn on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and signed by the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid; in which Diafts shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied; and which Drafts, so drawn, shall be sufficient Authority to the Bjnk to pay such Money to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them.

VII. And, that the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury may have a frequent Knowledge of the P'rmaftrr, ?a 4 Balance of Cash in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the b,s M-.uo. 4 Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, in order to enable them to judge of ihc Pr< pricty and Necessity. ^hc Trca"

1 of further Issues, and to prevent the unnecessary Accumulation of Publick Money in the Hands of the Go- in.

1 vernor and Company of the Bank of England be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and fa: the BiUnce after the Pafling of this Act, in the first Memorial presented every Month, or oftener if required, to the of Public Mo. Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, by the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time De^in the Btnk>

S- r?ice«, an J j'q p'.irftijdcp of prupsr Drafts.

34-6

On the Death or K emoval of a the

Banner in the Bank t«» v<;ft in h/s Successor.

Piyrna^cr to issue his Drafts for all Charges on account of Army Services, from April jo, 1781; and, after a Time fp^cified, «to m>kc up Annual Accounts of the ordinary and extraordinary Services of the Army, to be transmitted to the Auditor of ‘the imprest.

"Paymaster to keep an Account with the £ioJc, £c.

Any Person who shall forge the Name of the Paymaster, &c. to obtain Money from the Bank, 4>al] suffer Death JJ a Felon.

Books of Account in the JPaymaster'i Office shall he held to belong to the same.

From Dec. *$, 1783, no Feea to be taken in the Paymaster'* Office for Bufi-eiefs done ihete-»

C. 50.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

being, for a Supply of Money for the Army Services, such Paymaster shall insert, in the Body of such Memorial, the Sum total of the Balance of Publick Money, on his Account, in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, together with an Account of all the Claims, outft.tnding Drafts, and other Demands, with which such Balance is chargeable, ano is to be applied.

VIII. And be it further criatfed by the Authority aforeluiC That upon the Death, Rcfrgnatnn, or Removal of the prefenr, and of every other Paymaster of his Majesty's Forces hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit, on his Account as Paymaster General, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as loon as a Successor shall he appointed to the said Office, actually vtft in such Successor, in Trust for the Service of the Army, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, to be applied to the said Service, in pursuance of the like Drafts as aforesaid And the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required, to form his Memorials and Requisitions to the Treasury, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, for all Charges and Demands, on account of the Army Services, which are due and remain unlatUhed from the tenth Day of April, one thousand seven bundled and eighty-two, although the same have accrued in the Time of any former Paymaster General; and also within twelve Months alter the Accounts, enabling the said Paymaster General to complete the herein after mentioned Accounts, shall be received, to make up, or cause to be made up, an annual Account of the ordinary and extraordinary Services of the Army, intituled, The Account of the Pay-ma/ler General of his Majestys Forces, to be signed and attested by every Paymaster G neral, who shall have paid or discharged any Part of the said Account; the first Account to commence on the Tenth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and to end the twenty-fourth Day of December following; and every succeeding Account to begin on the twenty-fifth Day of December, and :o end on the twenty-fourth Day of December following, in the iaft and every succeeding Year and to transmit the lame, together with proper Vouchers, to the Auditor or Auditors of the Imprest, who shall, and they are hereby directed and required, within Six Months after the Receipt thereof, to examine, or cause to be examined, the said Annual Accounts, and, if found satisfactory, to present, or cause to be indented, the same to the proper Officer or Officers, for Declaration; and when the same is declared, a Quietus or Acquittance, in the usual Form, shall be made out to the said Paymaster or Paymasters General, his or their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued to or directed to be paid to him for the Service of the Army: And the said Paymaster General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby pre'oribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall not actually receive; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for the Service of the Army.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ft any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, the Name or Hand of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, or of his Deputy, to any Draft, Cheque Paper, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the rect iving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces; or shall for^e or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, and knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Draft, Cheque Paper, Instrument, or Writing, in Form of .1 Dralt made by such Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, or his Deputy; or shall utter or publ fh any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever 5 every such Person and Persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be, guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XI. And be it enacted, That all Books of Accounts whatsoever kept in the Office of Paymaster General, shall be held to belong to the said Office, and shall not be at the Disposal of the Paymaster General, to take and dispose of the same as his private and proper Books of Account: Provided that nothing herein shall extend to prevent any Person or Persons who hath or have exercised the Office of Paymaster General, or his or their Executors or Administrators, by himself or themselves, or by any Person or Persons authorised by him or them, from taking Copies or Extracts thereof, until an Acquittance in the Exchequer shall be made out for every several Paymaster, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

XII. And whereas it appears, from the Reports of the Commissioners for examining, taking, and stat-

ing, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, that the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by several of the Officers, Clerks, and Servants, employed in the Office of Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces,

have, of late Years, amounted to Sums beyond a reasonable and adequate Compensation for their respect tive Services \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hat, from and afier the twenty-fifth Day of December next, no Fee, Perquisite, Emolument, or Reward whatsoever (other than and except the Salaries and Allowances herein after mentioned) shall be taken in the said Office for any Business, Matter, or Thing, to be done therein; and in lieu thereof, the Officers, Clerks, and Servants, in the said Office, shall receive annual Salaries, payable quarterly, without Deduction, together with such further Augmentations (the said Augmentations to be made no oftener than once in the Year) as the Increase of Business in the said Office from Time to Time shall require; the said Salaries and Augmentations to be regulated by the Paymaster General, by and with the Concurrence of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and his Majesty's Approbation had thereon, and not otherwise; and a List of the said Officers, Clerks and Servants, together with an Account of the Salaries paid, and Augmentations made to them from Time to Time, shall be entered in a Book, intituled. The Salary Book, and deposited in the Office of the said Paymaster

General,

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. 347

General, and Copies thereof lodged in the Treasury and Bank of England \ and if any Person belonging to, or who shall hereafter belong to, the said Office, shall take or accept any Fee, Perquisite, Emolument, or Reward, (other than and except the Salaries and Allowances above-mentioned) he shall be dismissed from his Office or Employment, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any Employment whatever for the Space of three Years.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fees paid at the Office of the Paymaster General, since the tenth Day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and which shall be paid at the said Office on or before the twenty fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be depefited in the Hands of the Cashier of the said Office, or others authored by the said Paymaster General, in order to form a Fund, from which a reasonable Augmentation to the Salaries and Appointments of the several Officers, Clerks, and Servants, shall be made, for their Services during the aforesaid Period; the said Augmentation to be regulated by the said Paymaster General, by and with the Concurrence of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and his Majesty's Approbation obtained thereon, and not otherwise; and the Remainder shall be paid to the Treasurer or Vice Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital> to be applied to the Fund for an Augmentation to the Half-pay of Officers, and others provided for by this Act.

XIV. And whereas the Agents of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, of his Majesty's Army, have been accustomed to stop two Days Pay out of the Arrears or Clearings due to every Commissioned Officer, avowedly for the Purpose of discharging Fees of Office; and whereas such Stoppage not Teeming to be warranted either from under the King’s Sign Manual, or from any other Authority whatsoever be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no such Stoppage as aforesaid shall be made; and if any Agent shall, after the said twenty-fifth Day of Decev.ber, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, presume to stop the said two Days Pay as heretofore, or any Part thereof, such Agent so offending shall be dismissed from his Agency, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in that Capacity for the Space of three Y'ear 9.

XV. And whereas a considerable annual Sum of Money is or may be saved from the Allowance for Clothing of certain Inva’id and Independent Companies, a large Part of which Saving is or may be rendered permanentbe it hereby enacted, That all Sums saved from the said Allowance, or brought in Account in consequence of any Savings to be made in the Administration of Chelsea Hospital, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Vice Treasurer of the said Hospiul, towards a Fund for an Augmentation to the Half-pay t>f Officers who have been or (h dl be maimed or grievously wounded in his Majesty's Land Service, or as an Augmentation to the Pensions of Widows, or as Pensions to the Children of such Officers as have been killed in the said Land Service, as his Majesty shall direct and appoint; provided that no Addition to Halfpay, in consequence of Maims or Wounds, or Pensions to Widows whose Husbands have or shall have been killed io his Majesty's Service, shall exceed twenty-five Pounds a Year; nor shall the Allowance to a single Child of an Officer killed exceed twenty Pounds a Year, nor be continued longer (if a Male) than to twenty five Years of Age, or until he be provided for in his Majesty's Service; or, if more Children are left, the Share of each Child shall not exceed twelve Pounds a Year, to be continued to the Males as aforesaid, and no otherwise.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to deprive the Paymaster General of the usual Allowances for himself, or for Contingencies, nor to prevent him from administering or applying the said Contingencies according to the usual Course of Office.

on Penalty of Dismission, and being incapacitated for three Year*.

Feet paid, and to be paid from Qtf. 10, 1789, to Dec. *5,

1783, ho* to be dispoied of#

From Dec.

1783, Agenta not to rinake any Stoppages for discharging Fe*» of Office.

Savings in the Clothing of Invalid Companies, See. hour to be applied*

Mot to deprive the Paymaster of the usual Allowances for him-ft If and for Contingeociri.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, diminish, or alter, the Power of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces to appoint, remove, or change, at his Pleasure, all or any of the Officers and Clerks employed in his said Office; or, with the Content and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, signified in Writing, to increase the Number of such Clerks, in case the Circumstances of the Business of the said Office should render such an Increase necessary; which said additional Officers and Clerks shall, upon their respective Appointments, become mtiiled to the like Salaries as are herein-before directed to be paid rothe Officers and Clerksin a similar Rank and Station in the said Office, and shall be subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Privisions, Pains, and Penalties, to which the Officers and Clerks now existingin the said Office are made by this Act.

XVIII. And whereas it appears, by the Report made by the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, that making the Payment of the Army more simple, expeditious, and intelligible, would he of great Publick Utility: And whereas it is proper that Regulations should be made for that Purpose be it enacted, Thar, from the twenty-fifth Day of December^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, all Estimates, Debentures, Clearing Warrants, and all Warrants and Accounts, of whatsoever Nature they may be, belonging to the Army, whether for the Space of one or more Years (an y Part or Parts of a Year, as the Service may require, excepted), shall be made out from the twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year; any other Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas the dividing the Establishments under their several Heads of Service, would greatly facilitate the aforesaid Purposes be it enacted, That the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form, or cause to be formed, Estimates for the several annual Services of which the Establishments of the Army consist; that is to say, An Estimate of the Charge of the Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers; an Estimate of the Charge of the Clothing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Majesty's Regular Forces j an Estimate of the Charge of Agency, charged

Not to take away the Power of the Pjymaster of removing Officer* employed in hit* Office, Ac*

AM Eftfinater, Debentures, &c* to be m ivje out annually from Dec.

Secretary at

War to form Estimates of the several annual Services under distiaft Head*

48

c:#v! ivhcr< f tn h< tnnS.it-tcl to me i'jy* rrufkr.

/\ivmaftrr to form his Memorials to she rJV v.f »ry. «Vc.

for Mente aa-fro^ra ui f t Ctothmp, on June I},

1) c. *nnu-*l)y.

Not to alter the Privileges, Profits, 1<Q. >I Co-Jcmeis, Lieut. Col. &c. relative to Cip-hinf or rn «ficiLve Moa.

Secretary at

W »r t,/ tr jiiTmit to :ije P.j -miRzr's O.Yce an Arcnunt of the efYc it i jc Officers and Private*, Rf gt.l :rs an ! embocird Militia, in Gicat Briiair,.

Not ro extend to Aff ^nruews, Dehenturrs, prior to i)cc. 2 j,

*7a5

Pjvnr.i/’er rrny iif re rerr< in A!-

o Vincct t

moii ii!y»

A’!,)vv/-c*s '>

YS/kU ct :> jb-C,f!e>ip* of n.trr-

eY.Avv- Mr:., m [> .-.rided iV t:,.-V ?«-.

S?c-e?j*v War:..- fer n i> LII; mite >t

for»nr*:t. k

c.icl» R< J.fit,

, at:.’ to irsnl-ns:t i* ro the Pjym ft-i’s Office,

jlccmirng 0*1-e v. r; t--'0 M >n* in %o " a n.it an A Shaft of the Nuffi* e i recruited,

'he Adjutant Genera), and 10 ti.e Agent*

C. 50. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

in the clearing of the several Regiments and Corps, and of the Allowances made to the Agent of the Sub-

f.fteiue or Noiveftcftive Men, calkd I Warrant Men; an Estimate of the Charge of the In and Out Fdi-rioners <'f Chelsea Hifjital, and of the Expences of the said Llofpiul; an Bilim ate of the actual Pay of the Commission d Officers, and Non-comrnhlioned Officers, and Private Men, of his Majesty's Forces, on the feverd Establishments; an hftimate of the Charge of the Allowances made to Captains, Payirufters, burgeons, and for the Use of Riding-mailers, Rough Rider?, and Expences incident to theffime; an Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to ?he Paymaster General of his M«».n fly’s Land Forces, the Secret try at War, tlire CommiiLry General of the M ufu*rs, the Judge Advocate, their I> pucics. Clerks, and the contingent Ex-pjncca of their rt-spective Offices, Exchequer Fees, and all other Services now paid out of the Deduction of Twelve pence in the Pound, and one Day’s Pay, and not otherwise provided lor by this Act: And the said Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit Copies of the said Efti mates, so ft;on as the Tame have been agreed to by the House of Commons, to the Office the Paymaster General of his MajestyX Land Forces,

XX. And be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and cigbty-rhrec, the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his Memorials and Requisitions to the Treasury, and to issue his Drafts upon the Governor and Company of the Hank of England, upon the twenty* fourth Day of June, and twenty-fourth Day of December, in every Year, in tquai Payments, to such Person or Persons as have a regular Alignment front the kvcral Cubnc's, Lieutenant Colonels Commandant, Majors and Cap:ains Co mmandant, and Captains, for the Monies appropriated for the Clothing of the Non comm Phoned Officers and Private Men of his Majesty's regular Forces

XXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, tothi making any Alteration in the Privileges, Profits, or Emoluments, which the said Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels Commandant, Majors and Captains Commandant, and Captains, now derive, either from the Clothing, or the non effective Men, called Warrant Men, or Hautlcis, of their respective Regiments, Troops, and Companies, but the said Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels Commandant, Majors and Captains Commandant, and Captains, shall continue to enjoy and receive the same Privileges, Profits, and Emoluments, as they would otherwise enjoy and receive from the nett Off-reckonings, and from the nen-effective Men* called ff far ant Men, or llautbois, of their respective Regiments and Corps, had this Act not been made.

XXII. And, for the better Prevention of the issuing from the Exchequer any more Monies than shall c he mcessary for the Purposes recited in this Act \ be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required, from Time to Time, to transmit to the Office of ihc Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces, an Account of the effective Commissioned and Non commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Majesty's Regular Forces, and embodied Militia, serving in Great Britain^ distinguishing each Corps severally; and the said Paymaster General shall, and he is hereby diiedbd and required, to fi rm his Memorials and Requisitions, and to issue his Drafts, as aforesaid, for the Suofistence of the said effective Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, according to the said Accounts, and for no other Service under the said Title or Description.

XXIII. Ffovided always, and be it cnafttd, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to any Alignments, Debentures, Clearing Warrants, or other Warrants or Accounts of the Army, for Periods prior to the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three j but all such Alignments, Debentures, Clearing Warrants, or other Warrants or Accounts, mail be prepared and made up in the same Manner as they Mould have been, had this Act not been made.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act fh tl! not extend, or be construed to extend,

to prevent he Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces from iifiuing, to the Agents of the respective

Regiments, Troups, and Companies, in monthly Payments, the Allowances given to the Agents, in lieu of the Subfjflence of the non-effective Men, called Warrant Men, formerly paid to them,

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Allowances heretofore made to the Colonel or Commandant, known by the Name of Aikamnces to the Colonel of the id ft fence of nin~ejf'ftive Men, aided Warrant Men a?id Hautbois, shall be added to the Pay of the said Colonels and Commandants; and the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to issue the same, in monthly Payments, at the Time the Subsistence of the Army is issued.

XXVI. And whereas the iMethod of setting apart the Subsistence of the non-effective Men, as a Fund for the recruiting and ether contingent Services, tends to Obscurity and Confusion in Accounts 5* be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form, or cause to be formed, from Time to Time, an Estimate of the Monies which may be necessary for recruiting earh Regiment, Troop, or Company, of his Majesty's Forces, and to transmit the uid Estimate to the Office of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces; vvh > shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his Memorials a d Requisitions, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, for the same, at the Times, and in the Proportions, which the said Secretary at War shall direct; and to charge the same to the Account of each Regiment, Troop, and Company, for v.hffie Use the said Monies have been issued.

XXVII. And whereas it is necessary that Accounts of the recruiting Service should be regularly transmitted *,5 be it enacted, That every Officer employed in the recruiting any Regiment, Troop, or Company, of his Majesty's Forces, shall, and he is hereby directed and required, every two Months*, to make up and to tracsmit, examined and certified by his commanding Officer, if resident in Great Britain (who in this Case shall, and he is hereby directed and required tt> certify the fame), to the Adjutant General of his Majesty's Forces, an Abstract of the Numbers recruited during the two preceding Monrhs, and also to transmit a Copy of the said Abstract, together with a regular and exact Account of the Expences which have attended the said Service during the two preceding Months, to the Agent of the Corps for which such Officer is recruiting respectively; and on Failure herein, the Officer, through whoseNegtest

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Geo r o i i III.

C. 50.

3 49

Directions ( the Secretary at War relative to repaying Poundage deduced.

Secretary it War to form

mentioned;

and to transmit them to the Pay-office.

such Abstract and Account, or a Copy thereof, shall not have been transmitted to the Adjutant General, or to the Agent of the Corps respectively, shall be liable to be tried for such NegletSf by a General Court-martial, and, if convicted, shall be ealhiered, or shall suffer such other Punishment as by such Court-martial shall be awarded; and the commanding Officer of the Regiment, Troop, or Company, in which such Neglect shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make a Report thereof to his Colonel, if in Great Britain, who shall report the same to the Commander in Chief, or to the Secretary at War, in order that the Officer Co neglecting may be brought to Trial for the fame. f

4'XXVIII. And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct a Part of the Poundage de~

dueled from his Forces to be returned be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form, or cause to be formed, on the twenty-fourth Day of June, and twenty-fourth Day of December, in every Year, an Account for the preceding six Months, of the Monies necessary to be issued for defraying the Expence of repaying such Parts of the Poundage deduced from the Pay of the Forces as are now returned to the effective Men of his Majesty's Foot Forces, or which his Majesty shall, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, hereafter direct to be repaid; and to t ran fm it the same to the Office of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces, who shall, and is hereby directed and required, within fourteen Days from the Receipt thereof, to form his Memorials and Requisitions, and to issue his Drafts, as aforesaid, for the same, upon the said twenty-fourth Day of June, and twenty-fourth Day of December, and to charge them to the Account of each Corps, as aforesaid.

XXIX. And whereas it is expedient to keep the Services which are now provided for out of the Subsistence issued for the non-effective Men, Or the Contingencies, more distinct ;* be it enacted, That the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form, or cause to be formed, from irirwwp. Time to Time, an Estimate of the Monies necessary to be issued on account of the extra Price of Bread, r.he several E/m when his Majesty's T roops are in Barracks 5 also an Estimate, from Time to Time, of the Monies ne~ innate* berem ceflary to be issued for defraying the Expences of Marches; also, on or before the first Day of November in every Year, an Estimate of the Monies necessary to be issued for his Majesty's Horse and Dragoon Forces, usually called Grass Money; and also, on the twenty-fourth Day of June, and twenty-fourth Day of December, in every Year, an Estimate of the Monies necessary to be issued for the Expences of Deserters, Subsistence of discharged Men, Fees of Offices, Hospital Expences, Carriage and Expences of new Arms, Travelling Expences of Officers and Horses before they join the Regiment; together with all Idler Contingencies, now usually paid, or which his Majesty shall, by any fdture Regulations, under his Royal Sign Manual, direct to be allowed to and for the Use of each Regiment, Troop, and Company, of his Forces; and to transmit the same to the Office of Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces, who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his Memorials and Requisitions, and ’to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, for the several Monies contained in the said Efrimates, at such Times, and in such Proportions, as the Secretary at War shall direct, or are otherwise provided for by this Act, and to charge the same to the Account of each Corps, as aforesaid.

XXX. And whereas it has been the Practice to apply Part of the nort-effectice Subsistence to the Use of Captains of Troops and Companies of his Majesty's regular Land Forces: And whereas the said Allowance is substantially equitable; but it will be more convenient to make a specifick Allowance

in lieu thereof;’ be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hum- w..

dred and eighty-thrcc, an annual Allowance shall be made to each of the Captains of Companies of Allowances to Foot, during their Continuance in Service, according to the establishment of their respective Companies; be made to Cap. that is to say, When the Companies are at the Estab.’iffiment of seventy-six Men or upwards, the aforesaid annual Allowance shall be fifty* six Pounds, ten Shillings; when the Companies are reduced in their Establishment under seventy-six, and are above fifty Men, the aforesaid annual Allowance shall be forty-seven Pounds, seven Shillings, and Six-pence; and when the Companies are reduced in their Establishment to fifty Men or under, the aforesaid Allowance shall be thirty-eight Pounds, five Shillings; and also the annual Allowance of thirty Pounds now made to the Captains of Troops of Horse and Dragoons, shall continue to be made: for which said Allowances the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his Memorials and Requisitions, and to issue his

Drafts as aforesaid, on the twenty-fourth Day of June, and twenty-fourth Day of December, in every Year, in equal Payments, and to charge the same to the Account of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, to which the said Captains belong.

XXXI. And whereas the Captains of the Regiment and Independent Companies of Invalids, have been accustomed to receive the Subsistence of certain non-effective Men called Contingent Men, as an Indemnification for the Repairs of Arm% Burials, and Lodes by Men dying in their Debt, and have also been allowed the Pay of the non-effectice Men in their fiid several Companies: And whereas the f Regiment and Independent Companies of Invalids have been considered as an honourable Retirement for Officers of long Service, and it is proper to make a suitable and more equal Provision for that Branch of the Service;’ be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, an annual Allowance of one hundred Pounds shall be made to each of the Captains of the Regiment and Independent Companies of Invalids, when the Establishment of their re- w spective Companies shall amount to seventy private Men, or upwards; and an annual Allowance of and'irndfpendeo eighty Pounds when the Establishment is under the said Number of Private Men; for which said Al- Companies of lowances the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces shall, and he is hereby directed and re- Invalid*, quired to form his Memorials and Requisitions, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, on the twenty-fourth Day of June% and twenty-fourth Day of December, in every Year, in equal Payment!} and to charge the same to the Account of the Regiment and Independent Companies of Invalids.

Certain annual

tains of Foots

&c.

Annual Alloi*-aners to be made to (he Captains of the Regimefcf

35°

Annas! Allow* nces to be made to Paymaflen and Surgeons of the Foot Force*, in lieu of the usual Stoppage* made for their Use.

Annual Allow, ances 10 Pay* makers, Surgeons, Riding Matters, See. of the Horse and Dragoons, in lieu of Grass Money.

Paymaster of every Regiment, See. to tianfavt to the Agent, every two Months, an Account of Subsidence actually paid therein. And twice in every Year to transmit to the fakl Agent the several Accounts herein fpscited.

Agent* to snake up annual

Accounts of their respectite Regiments, Sec.

C. 50.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

XXXII. And whereas his Majesty has been pleased to cause Repayment to be made to the non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Foot Forces, of the Stoppages made for the Use of the Pay- masters and Surgeons: And whereas it u proper to make Provision for the Paymasters and Surgeons in lieu thereof f be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, an annual Allowance of one hundred and twenty Pounds shall be made to each of the said Paymasters and Surgeons, when the Establishment of their Companies is fifty Private Men, or upwards j and an annual Allowance of seventy Pounds, after the Companies shall be reduced in their Establishment below the said Number of Private Men: For which said Allowances, the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces shall, and he is htreby directed and required to form his Memorials and Requisitions, and to issue his Drafts as a fore fa id, upon the twenty-fourth Day of June* and twenty-fourth Day of December, in every Year, in equal Payments; and to charge the same to the Account of each Corps, as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And whereas it has been usual for the Allowances made to the Paymasters, Surgeons, Rid- ing Masters, and Rough Riders, of his Majesty's Horse and Dragoon Forces, to be paid to t '.ern out of the Monies issued under the Name of GraJ's Money and it is proper to make a distin£t Provision in lieu thereof*’ be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven and hundred and eighty-three, an annual Allowance, at and after the Rate of ten Pounds for every Troop of and in each Regiment of his Majesty's Hoise and Dragoon Forces, shall be made to each of the said Paymasters, when the Establishment of the Troop amounts to forty Private Men, or upwards; and an annual Allowance at and after the Rate of seven Pounds, fifteen Shillings, for every Troop, shall be made to each of the said Paymasters, after they shall be reduced in their Establishment below the find Number of Private Men; and also an annual Allowance, at and after the Rate of eight Pounds for every Troop of and in each Regiment of his Majesty's Horse and Dragoon Forces, shall be made to each of the said Surgeons, when the Establishment of the Tro^p amoums to forty Private Men; and an annual Allowance, at and after the Rate of six Pounds, four Shillings, for every Troop, shall be made to each of the said Surgeons, after they shall be reduced in their Establishment below the said Number of Private Men; and also an annual Allowance, at and after the Rate of twenty-three Pounds, six Shillings, for every Troop of and in each Regiment of his Majesty's Horse and Dragoon Forces, shall be made to the Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, and Major Commandant, of every Corps, for the Use of the said Riding Masters, Rough Riders, or for incidental Expences relating to the same, when the Establishment of the Troop amounts to forty Private Men; ami an annual Allowance, at and after the Rate of eighteen Pounds, one Shilling, for every Troop, shall be made to the said Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, and Majors Commandant, for the aforesaid Purposes, after they shall be reduced in their Establishment below the said Number of Private Men: For which said Allowances, the Paymaster General of his Majestys Land Forces shall, and he is hereby directed and reauired to form his Memorials and Requisitions, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, on the twenty-fourth Day of and twenty-fourth Day of December,

in every Year, in equal Payments; and to charge the same to the Account of each Corps, as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it evaded, That every Paymaster of a Regiment, Troep, or Company, of his Majesty's regular Forces, or embodied Militia, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make our, and transmit to the Agent of such Regiment, Troop, or Company, an Account, every two Months, of the exact Subsistence actually paid to etfediive Officers and Men, and of the broken Periods arising from Deaths, Desertions, or Discharges of Men, in- the Course of the said two Months: And on the twenty-fourth Day of June, and twenty-fourth Day of December, in every Year, the said Paymaster shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make up, and, within three Months from each of the above Periods, to transmit to the said Agent, the following Accounts; tbit is to say, An Account of all the Expences which have attended the Recruiting Service of Majesty's Regular Forces, for the preceding six Months, distinguishing the Subsistence of Recruits, Levy Money, and every other Article of Expence, under their several Heads; an Account of the Poundage paid to the effeflive iMen, in the preceding six Months; an Account of the Allowances made for the extra Price of Bread, to such of the Troops who have been in Barracks, the preceding six Months; an Account of the Expences which have attended the Marches of any Regiment,'Tioop, or Company, from one Part of Great Britain to another; an Account of the Monies paid, for the preceding six Months, usually called Graf Atoncy; an Account of Hospital Expences, Travelling Expences of Officers and Horses, before they jo»n the roop, or Regiment, and all orter lefTer Contingencies which are now, or which his Majesty shall, by any future Regulations under his Royal Sign Manual, direct to be allowed for the preceding six Months, under their several Heads v the said respective Accounts to be examined and certified by the commanding Officer of each respective Corps, who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and certify the fame; and on Failure herein, the Paymaster, through whose Neglect the said respective Accounts shall not be transmitted as aforesaid, shall be liable to a Trial for such Neglect by a General Court Martial, and if convicted, shall be cashiered, or shall fufter such other Punishment as by such Court Martial shall be awarded; and the commanding Officer of the Regiment, Troop, or Company, in which such Neglefi shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make a Report thereof to his Colonel, if in Great Britain, who shall report the same to the Commander in Chief, or to the Secretary at War, in order that the Officers offending may be brought to a Trial for the same.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of December^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the Agent of every Regiment, Troop, and Company, of his Majesty's Regular Forces, and embodied Militia, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to make up ah annual Account of each Regiment, Troop, and Company, for the preceding Year, ending the twenty-fourth Day of December; the Accounts of the Forces and Militia serving in Great Britain, to be made up within six Months after the Expiration of the Year; the Accounts of the several Corps on foreign

Service,

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georg 11 ill. C. 50. 351

Service, within two Months after the respective Accounts, enabling the Agents to make up their said annual Accounts, shall be received by the said Agents; and in the said Accounts, the several Impress, or Monies received, including the Monies received for cast Horses fold, and every other Receipt which belongs and ought to be brought to the Credit of the Publick, in the Accounts of the respective Corps, and the several Disbursements or Monies paid, shall be properly distinguished under their several Heads of Service, the Arrears due to the several Officers, and the Agency due to them, upon the full Pay of the commissioned Officers, non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, of the several Corps then and there to be charged, and the Balance then (truck which is due from the Publick to the said Regiment,

Troop, and Company; and to transmit the same within the aforesaid limited Time, together with proper and tnnsmit the Vouchers, agreeable to the present (landing Regulations, or any future Regulations which his Majesty fame to the Se-shall, under his Royal Sign Manual, direct, to the Office of the Secretary at War, and a Copy thereof at vJ£r»

to the Office of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces; and on Failure herein, or in any General*"* other of the Regulations prescribed to the said Agents by this Act, the said Agent or Agents so offending on Forefeiture shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds fer every Offence, to be recovered by any Person or Per- of 100l. fons who shall sue for the same; and the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and settle, or C2ufe to be examined and settled, the aforesaid annual Accounts, and to transmit the same, together with Certificates of the several Charges allowed in the said Accounts, and the Balances of the same, within three Months after the Receipt of the said Accounts respectively, to the Office of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces.

XXXVI. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge Not to dischv|t any Agent or Agents from making up, in the Course of the Year, such Account or Accounts as the Secretary at War may have occasion for or require; and any Agent or Agents, refusing Obedience to other Accounts such Requisition or Requisitions, shall be liable to the Penalty aforesaid. a«Secreurr«t

XXXVII. And whereas the common Practice of mustering the Forces is not of present Use;’ be it wy enacted, That his Majesty's Forces shall be muttered on, or as near as may be to, the twenty-fourth Day of June, and twenty-fourth Day of December, in every Year; at which Time the Commissaries shall, and they are hereby directed and required to take exact Lids of all the commissioned and non- tering the commissioned Officers, and Private Men, then actually existing in the several Regiments, Troops, and Forces. Companies; and also Lists of such Commissioned and non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, who have been in the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, for any Part or Parts of the preceding Half Year, specifying the Periods at which such Officers, and Private Men, came into the several Corps, and when they died, or were removed; and also the Dates and Attestations of all Recruits, acquired in the preceding Half Year: And the Commissary General of Musters shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit the same to the Offices of the Secretary at War, and Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces, and Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, and first Day of May, following the said Musters respectively.

XXXVIII. And whereas the present Method of making out the Army Debentures and Clearing Warrants is inconvenient;’ be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December, one Direaion*for thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and re- making out quired to prepare and fend, together with the annual Accounts of the Agents, and Certificates aforesaid, Army Debcn-Warrants to the Office of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces, authorising and di- cii*ndw*r* reding the said Paymaster General to make out Debentures, wherein the Sums borne on the several nDHn* Establishments, and the Monies disbursed on account thereof, shall be specified, and the Balance certified, which is due to or from each Regiment, Troop, and Company, of his Majesty's Regular Forces, and embodied Militia; which said Debenture the Paymaster General shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit to the Office of the said Secretary at War, within three Months from the Receipt ‘thereof; and the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required, immediately on Receipt of the said Dcbenrures, to make out, or cause to be made out, Clearing Warrants, directing and authorising the said Paymaster General to form Memorials and Requisitions, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, for the Balance or net Monies due to each Regiment, Troop, and Company, of his Majesty's Regular Forces, and embodied Militia, for Clearings, and to charge the same to the Account of the said Regiment, Troop, and Company; and the said Clearing Warrants shall authorize and direct the Paymaster General to make the Excess which shall arise upon the several Establishments, after deduding therefrom the Monies so disbursed and paid as aforesaid, a Saving, and to carry it to the Credit of the Publick; and to charge every Deficiency, which shall arise from the several Establishments not being sufficient to discharge the Disbursements paid on account as aforesaid, to the general Account of Contingencies, or to such other Fund as may be applicable thereto.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend, or he construed to extend, to the making Thl« Act notta any Alteration in the present Mode or Regulation of the two Troops of Horse Guards, or the two extend to the Troops of Horse Grenadier Guards, the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, and the three Regiments of Horse Gotrd* Foot Guards; but the same shall continue in the Practice of the same Mode and Regulations as they «rFottCulldt* would otherwise have done had this Act not been made.

---

352 C. 51 - 53. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

CAP. LI.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians.

[Preamble. Act 5 Eliz. recited,]

WHEREAS an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians, is and ought to be considered as a Law of excessive Severity; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[and repealed.]

That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. LII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain.

---

Commissioners of Supply for certain Counties in Scotland may assess the Landholder* to raise a Sum of JWosry,

so be applied in relieving Inhabitants reduced to Indigence by the Failure of last Year’s Crop,

His Majesty impowered, during the Recess of Parliament, to issue hit Proclamation for allowing the Importation of Cotp, for four Month?, into the Laid Counties.

What Corn and

Flour rmy be impoued.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties therein mentioned, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to assess and levy certain Sums for relieving such of the Inhabitants of the said Counties as have been reduced to Indigence by the Failure of the last Year’s Crop of Corn; and to enable his Majesty, during the next Recess of Parliament, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation of Corn into the said Counties for a limited Time, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with his Majesty, navigated by Foreign Seamen.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is highly neerssary to make some Provision for the Relief of such of the Inhabitants of the several Counties of Perth, Kincard ne. Aberdeen, Inverness. Refs, Nairne, Cromantie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, anti Zetland, as are or shall be reduced to Distress by the Failure of the last Year’s Crop of Corn, and the consequent Scarcity and high Price of Corn occasioned thereby*/ Ma$ it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar the Commissioners of Supply for the said several and respective Counties of Perthr Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Rtfs, Nairne, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, may, and they are hereby authorised (if the Circumstances of the said Counties shall requiie and admit thereof) to assess and levy upon all and every the Heretors and Landholders within their respective Shires, a Sum of Money not exceeding fourteen Pounds S10/J on every one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent of the Lid Counties respectively; such Sum to be raised and levied in the same Manner, and with and under the same Powers and Authorities, as are directed by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, with tefpeft to the Cess thereby directed to be raised and levied.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply acting within and for the several Shires aforesaid respectively, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to apply the Monies arising by virtue of the Assessment authorised to be made by this Act, in relieving such of the Inhabitants of the said respective Shires as have been reduced to Indigence by the Failure of the last Year’s Crop, and in such Way and Manner as the Lid Commissioners in their Judgement and Discretion shall think, fit.

III. And whereas it may be expedient, during the next Recess of Parliament, to permit the free Importation of Corn into the Lid several and respective Counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Ross, Nairne, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland * be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation, to be issued by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation of Corn for the Space of four Months, to be computed from the third Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, into the said several and respective Counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Ross, Nairne, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland; and that all such Corn, to be imported by virtue of or under such Proclamation, shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever; and such Corn so imported may be carried Coastways under the same Regulations as Corn being the Growth of this Kingdom; any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Corn, (videlicet) Corr, Grain, or Flour, Wheat, or Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, Oats, Pease, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, and Pulse, may be imported into the aforesaid Places in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen.

---

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54 - 58. 353

CAP. LIV.

An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish.

CAP. LV.

An Act for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said Town; for regulating the Affairs of Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen and Porters, and the Prices of Carriage of Goods; for altering the time of lighting Lamps; for ascertaining the Breadth of Party Walls, and for preventing certain Nuisances within the said Town, Liberties and Precincts thereof; for amending an Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain Staiths in the said Act described; and for other Purposes.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to allow the Drawback of the whole Duty of Customs upon the Exportation of Rice.

---

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for allow* PretmMe;

ing the Importation of Rice, Paddy, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, free of Duty, for a limited Recital ofc»p.f# 4 Time), Rice is permitted to be imported into Great Britain, from any Place whatsoever, at any Time or the prefeuc Times before the thirtieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, without Payment of any Subsidy, Custom or Duty, on Importation whatsoever:’ Now, in order to encourage the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, fy and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, upon the Exportation of any Rice which shall be imported into this Kingdom after the said thirtieth From Sept. 39, Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-rhree, instead and in lieu of all former Draw- r^aw"

backs, the Exporter shall be allowed a Drawback or Allowance of all the Duties of Custorrs which were shoU D^tVof paid upon tie Importation of such Rice; which Drawback shall be made and allowed in such Manner, Customs fblu be and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any former Drawback or Allowance a’lowed on the payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Rice, was, could, or might be paid E*p°tt»tton of and allowed*, if this Act had not feeen made. Riw*

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not paid, or the Goods exported, within a limited Time.

WHEREAS great Quantities of Prize Goods, which have been taken during the late Hostilities, Preamble*

are now remaining in several Warehouses in this Kingdom, in which they were secured in pursuance of several Acts of parliament made for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the

bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom: And whereas, now the Hostilities are ceased,.

it is expedient that such Warehouses should be cleared of such Goods within a reasonable Time, to

be allowed for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if such Goods shall not be either exported^ M warehoo'eW or the full Duties paid for the same, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand Pr,2C Goods »re seven hundred and eighty-five, but shall then continue and be still remaining in such Warehouses, it

stall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London or Edinburgh re- beforcUDec.Pi$* spectively, or any three or more of them for the Time being, to cause such Goods so remaining to be 17*5, Coiwnifl publickly fold, by Auction or Inch of Candle, to the best Bidder; and the Money arising by such Sale fiwsot Cuf-to be applied, first, in Discharge of the Duties due and payable for such Goods, and the Expences of such *0fnsmaJ Sale; and the Overplus (if any) to be paid to the Proprietor of such Goods, or other Person duly authorised tQ receive the same.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional and new Duties upon Sramped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and also for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp-duties.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament c IV assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies which we have freely grsnted unto your Majesty ! in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional

354 C. 58. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

From Aog. I, *783', the following Stamp-d 'lies to be paid to his Majesty f Videlicet;

For every Skin, Sec. oA which shall be written or pr nted iRe-ce p; for any Legacy, &c. not exceeding tol. an additional Du y of as. 6d. j above 201. and less than 1001.— of es tool -—of 20?; and a like Addition upon every tool.

For every Sk.it), Sec. upon which shall be written or printed any Probate of a Will, &c. of or above the Value of 1001, an additional Durv of

c and new Stamp-duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty ‘ that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advce; and Cotifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prei'ent Parliament aflVmbleJ, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of Ju£v./ty cite thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Stamp-uuties following; that is to say,

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be engrossVd, written, or printed, any Receipt, or other Discharge, for wiy Leg2cv left by any Will or other test.imentary Instrument or for any Share or Part of a personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, the Amount whereof shall not exceed the Value of twenty Pounds, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings and Six-pence; and where the Amount shall exceed the Value of twenty Pounds, and not amount to one hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp-duty of five Shillings; and where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of one hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp-duty of twenty Shillings; and a like additional Stamp-duty upon every further Sum of one hundred Pounds, so left by any Will or other testamentary Instrument, or for any Share or Part of a personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Dilhibutions, or the Custom of any Province or Place:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration, for any Estate of or above the Value of one hundred Pounds, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of twenty Shillings; and a further additional Duty of twenty Shillings, where the Estate is of or above the Value of three hundred Pounds; and a further additional Duty of twenty Shillings, where the Estate is of or above the Value of six hundred Pounds; and a further additional Duty of twenty Shillings, where the Estate is of or above the Value of one thousand Pounds:

209. 300l. Value* — of 40s. 600b Value,—of 3l. i,ooool. Value)f 4l.

Aa additional For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ti. 10 certain engrossed, written, or primed, in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, for which a Stamp-Dmle* granted duty Gf onc Shilling and Six-pence is payable, by virtue of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the m 17 Geo. III. Reign of his present Majesty, except Bonds given as Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling.

On Bonds for For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bond shall above iooi. an be ingrossed, written, or printed, given as Security for any Sum of Money, the Amount whereof shall admtiona^r exceed one hundred Pounds, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of five Shillings; and where

and upwards, the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of five hundred Pounds, or upwards, there shall be charged an

10?. additional Stamp-duty of ten Shillings:

Every Skip, &c. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be conrainirp m ingrossed or wrinen any original Writ, (except such Original upon which a YVrit of Capias issues) Sub

original Wnr, pa>na% Bill of Middlesex, Latitat y Writ of Capias, S$uo Minusy Writ of Dedimus Potejlatem to take Answers,

where the Debt CX3mine Witnt flVs, or appoint Guardians, or any other Wi it whatsoever, or any other Process or Manor Damage a- date that shall issue out or pass the Seals of any of the Courts at Westminster^ Courts of the Great Sessions mounts to 40s. in Wales, Courts in the Counties Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever holding Plea, where the Debt

an additional or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings, or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value (Writs of

Duty of 6d. Covenant for levying Fines, Writs of Entry for suffering Common Recoveries, and Writs 0i Habeas Corpus always excepted), there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of Six-pence:

OnDifpcnf«tion» for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingiofled, written, or printed, any Dispensation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both

ving% &c.an act- a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, ditional Duty of or the Matter of the Faculties for the Time being, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of forty 40* Shillings:

On Admission For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be intoe therofihc engrossVd, written, or printed, any Admission into any of the four Inns of Court, there shall be charged nVddftionti ’ an a(*ditional Stamp-duty of foity Shillings:

nd^n°every R«- For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be gifcr or Certifi- ingrossed, written, or printed, any Register, Entry, Testimonia!, or Certificate of the Degree of Utter ficate of the De. Barrister, taken in any of the said four Inns of Court, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of

KZ£5£

in, an additional

On every Grant, or Letters Pateiit under the Great Seal, or Seal of the Duchy of LwcaAer, of any Honour, See. an additional 401*

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, or Exemplification of the same (Commissions of Rebellion in Process always excepted), there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of forty Shillings:

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. 355

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Admittance, or Instrument for admitting, of any Fellow of the College of Physicians, or of any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, Proctor, Notary, or other Officer or Officers, in any Court whatsoever in Great Britain (not being an annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court, whole Office is under the Value of ten Pounds per Annum, in Salary, Fees, or other Perquisites), there shall be charged an addition*] Stamp-duty of forty Shillings:

For every ricce of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Note or Bill of Lading, which shall be signed for any Goods or Merchandizes to be exported, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of Four-pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Certificate or Debenture for drawing back any Customs or Duties, or any Part of any Customs or Duties, for or in respect of the reshipping or exporting of any Goods or Merchandizes, which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, from Great Britain, for any Parts beyond the Seas, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of Eight-pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be. ingrossed or written, any Citation or Monition, made in any ecclesiastical Court, or any Libel or Allegation, Depofirion, Answer, Sentence, or final Decree, or any Inventory exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court, the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, or whereupon any Copies of them respectively shall be ingrossed or written, or upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Protest, or any other notorial Act whatsoever, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-Duty of one Shilling:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed-or written any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts at Westminster, or in any other Court of Record whatsoever, or by any Custos Rotulorum, or Clerk of the Peace, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings and Six-pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-gtofled or written any Writ of Covenant for levying Fines, any Writ of Entry for differing a Common Recovery, and any Exemplification, of what Nature soever, that shall pass the heal of any Court whatsoever, there shall be charged an additional Scamp-duty of five Shillings:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any beneficial Warrant or Order, under the Sign Manual of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, (except Warrants or Orders for the Service of the Navy, Army, and Ordnance) there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of five Shillings:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation, within Great Britain, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or pointed, any Copy of any Surrender of, and Admittance to, any Cuiiom-nght or Tenant-right Eftafe, not being of, which shall pass by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance on’y, and which shall nor pass by Deed (except such Custom-ri^ht or Tenant-right Estates as shall nor exceed the clear yearly Value of twenty Shillings), within those Parts of Great Britain called England, /Vales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty oi two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any of Land or Tenement, (except such of Lands or Tenements as shall not exceed the clear yearly Value of twenty Shillings), within those Parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upmTiveed, or any Grant or Lease by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll Of any Honour or Manor within the said Parts of Great Britain (other than and except the original Surrender to the Use of a Will, and the Court Roll or Books wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or inrolled), there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings and Sixpence: .

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Faper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Bill, Answer, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatories, Depoiidons taken by Commission, or any other Pleading* whatsoever, in the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, Duchy Court, and County Palatine Courts, or other Courts of Equity, there shall be charged an additional Sump-duty of Six-pence;

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of P?per, upon which (Ti311 be ingrossed or written any Admission into any Corporation or Compiny, or any Matriculation in either pfjth^. two Universities, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, *pon whie^ shall be ingrossed or written any principal or original Instrument of Surrender or Rdignation, Service or Cognition of Heirs, Chatter or Seifine of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure* in Scotland> there dull be charged gn additional Stamp-duty-of otic Shilling

Houses, Ac, of Burpge Tenure, Ac, in Scotland, an

jr0Jr

Ou every Admit-tenet of a Fellow of the College of Physiciant, or of ao Attorney, Proctor, Sec, an addi'imal 40 s. Oo Bills of Lading for Goods to bet farted, ait additional 4d. On Certificates for drawing back any Duties on Exportation, an additional 8 d.

On evert Citation or M >nition in any Ecclr fuf-tical Court, &c. an additional 21,

On every Conveyance. Surrender of Grants, Sec, inrolled of Record in sny Court of Record, Scc. an additional 28. 65.

On Wri*s of Covenant for levying Fines, &c. an additional 5s. On every beneficial Warrant, under his Majes-ly\«$ign Manual, an additional 5s* (Exception.)

On every Transfer of Stock in any Company, &c. in Great Britain, an additional 29. 3d; On every Surrender of, or Admittance to, a Custom cr Tenant-right EiUte, not of, in England Oi\Valef, an a(Mitiooa<2s. 6^. (Exception.)

On even Surrender of, or Admittance to, any Co-y y held Estate, (excep-, &c.) in England or Wales, Ac an audit oual as.dd.

On 'very BiH, Ar.fAer, Replication, or other

Headings i®

Court of Chancery, Exchequer, &c. an a Jdukiw. l 6d.

Oorvery Admis-'-fiomnto any

Corporation,

aa additional as

On every original! nftrunr.e/it of Surrender or Re-signatior), Charter or Sfiline of additional*

is6

For fevery original Seifinc taken upon a Mort* gage, Src. in Scotland, an additional is.

For every original Uetour of any Service of Heirs, ate. in Scitland, an act» ditional IS.

For every Charter or Refiena. tion,4rc. in Scot-Jaod, an additional is.

For every origi-ginal Instrurr.ent of Surrender of Lands, Tenements, &c. to the Supedors thereof, in Scotland, an additional is.

Fr* every Skin containing an Agreement, Sec* a Duty of 6s.

For every Inventory of Furniture, &c. made wit ft Reference to any Agreement, &c. a Duty of is. 6d. Exception!.

For every Award,

5«-

This Act not to frefl Legacies, &c. left to the Wife, Child err,* ordrindchildren of the TefUtor.

Certain Corporation> to which this Act shall not extend.

Certain Memorandums or Agreement! to which this Act shall not extend.

at Days allowed for Payment of Duty on Agreement!.

Duties granted fey this Act to be under the Management of Commifljyness for Sump*.

CJnd new Stamp may be provided so denote the white Oorietftft each Skis, &c,

C. 58.

Anno vicesimo tertio Geo. 6 1I III. A.D. 1783.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper upon which shall be ingrossed or written any principal or original Seiftne, taken or following upon any Mortgage, Wadset, Heretable Bond, Alienation, or Disposition, or upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Conf\at, Retours, Apprizing?, or Adjudications of Lands or Tenements holding of any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotlcmdy there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any principal Or original Retour of any Service of Heirs, or any Precept of Clare Conjlat of Lands or Tenements holding of any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-gTofled or written any Charter or Resignation, Confirmation, Novo Damns, or Charter upon Apprizing, or Adjudication made or granted by such Superior or others as aforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in*

frossed or written any principal or original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation of any Messuages, loufes, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Tithes, Mills, Fishings, and other heretable Rights, or any of them, to be made to any of his Majesty's Subjects, who are or shall be the Superiors thereof; or to any City, Town, Burgh, or Corporation; or to any Magistrates or others who have Power to receive such Surrenders or Resignations, in Scotland\ there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Shcert or Piece of Paper, upon which*any Agreement shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, whether the same shall be only the Evidence of the Comraft, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of six Shillings:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Invent »ry or Catalogue of any Furniture, Goods, or EffeCls, made with Reference to any Agreement, or for the Security of any Person, (except Inventories pr.oduceable in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and also except Inventories of Goods and Chattels distrained for Rent in Arrears, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of two Shilling and Six-pence:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or primed, any Award, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of five Shillings.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in thisAvft contained shall extend to charge with the additional Duties by this Act impoftd, any Legacy left by any Will, or other trfLmemary Instrument, or any Share or Part of a personal Eftntc to be divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, which shall be left to the Wife, Children, or Grandchildren, of the Person making such Will or tedamentary Instrument, or shall be divided amongst them by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing the Heads of Insurances to be made determined by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange AjJusance, or London Assurance, or the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Afar a nee of Houses and Good* from Fire, and London Afar a nee of Hoafs and Goods from Fire, or any of them, Co the Payment of the Stamp-duties charged bf this Act upon Contiadh or Agreements.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, Thaf nothing in this A<7 contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty of six Shillings, by this Act imposed on Agreements, any Memorandum or Agreement for any Lease at Rack Rent of any Meflnage under the yearly Value of five Pounds;

or to charge any Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Manufacturer, or menial Servant; or to charge any Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes; or to charge any Memorandum or Agreement where the Matter of Memorandum or Agrcjpient shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds; or to charge any Memorandum or Agreement n.ade in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ that fkaJl be {hmped with the Duty required on Deeds in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V. Provided also, That na Memorandum or Agreement not stamped shall be deemed to be void, in calk the same shall bfe stamped at the Head Office, or the Paid Duty shall be pa id thereon, and a Receipt given thereon for the same by the proper Officer receiving such Duty, within twenty-one Days after the same shall have been entered into.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effcLiual levying, CollcQ'ing, and paying, all the said additional and new Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and im~ powered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to ufeand provide such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requffire in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said several Duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Parc of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and P?ptr.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, on which several Duties'are by the / ‘o;

357

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. s».

several Acts of Parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, instead of the distinct Stamps directed to be provided to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, charged therewith, to cause, if they shall see Occasion, one new Stamp to be provided to denote the said several Duties, and the additional Duty granted by this Act, on every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, charged with the said several Duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, liable to the Duties hereby charged, shall, before the same shall be ingossed, printed, or written upon, be brought to the Head Office for damping or marking Vellum, Parchment, or Paper} and the said Commissioners, by themselves, or by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand to them made by any Person or Persons from Time to Time, (lamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, which shall be brought to them for that Purpose; the Person so bringing the same paying, to the Receiver General of the Stamp-duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or Cle/k, the several Duties payable for the same by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the same Allowance shall be madeonpresent Payment of the several Duties granted by this Act, and in such Manner, as by any former Law relating to Stamped Vellum, Paich-ment, and Paper, is directed and allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That such Stamps as the said Commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are, by any former Law relating to Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all Persons who shall have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked with the Stamp or Mark which shall be so altered or renewed, or on which, being already stamped with a Stamp denoting any former Duty, a new Stamp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like Remedy and Allowance as by any former Law relating to Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is in like Cases directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this, or any other Act of Parliament, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this or any other Act of Parliament granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same; or shall utter, vend, sell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Stamp-duties, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every reifon so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things, prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the several Duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and new Duties hereby imposed, according ro the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said additional and new Duties hereby imposed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Parts of any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to any Turnpike, Highway, Paving, Road, Bridge, Inclosure, Navigation, or Canal, or any other Matter or Thing, passed before the fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, as exempt any Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or other Security for borrowing Money, or any Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever liable to "damped Duties, from being stamped, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Repeal shall not extend to any Transfer of any Public or Government Stocks or Funds; or to any Instruments, Documents, or other, Writings whatsoever, concerning the Publick Revenue, or Publick Funds; or to any other Writing expressly exempted from the Stamp-duties by any Act of Parliament granting any such Duty or Duties, unless where such Exemption has been repealed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are directed to be paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Races, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purp le, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences ar* are directed to be paid and payable pursuanttoan Act of this present Session of Parliament (injitukd, An Act for raif.ng a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery)%

Vellum, Parchment, Arc. to be stumped before printed or wrote on, *c.

Usual Allowance to be made on Prompt Payment.

Stamps may be altered and renewed, Acc.

Person! counterfeiting Stamps, or knowingly vending any such Counterfoil, to suffer Death a* Fc'oni,

Dudes granted by this Act to be levied, Arc, as those under former Stamp-acts.

Certain Clauses in Turnpike and Navigation Acts, Arc. repealed.

To what Cases the said Repeal A.a 11 not e&tend.

Duties to be priJ to Receiver General of blamp-cuties.

A separate Account thceol to be kept by the Awhti r of the Exchequer, How r. be allied.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

358

In case the Duties granted th?J Session for Payment of the An-jviitiej granted by the Lottery Act, shall prove joftiflu ient for that Purpose,

the DeEcifncy shall be supplied rut of the Sinking Funds

*To be replaced t>iit of the heat Supplier.

In case of a Surplus of Dutiei, the same shall be refenred for the Di<*position of Pjiiiameat,

Perfom sued for executing this Act, may plead the General Jtfue, and Shall be er titled to Treble Ccfb.

reitnble. H-cital of a Pill l»ow depending in t^e House of Cunn.cn).

The Pr'-cfeding* t>* the r? c»ud Bill not to te discontinued by 'Prorogation or Ditto tution of farisaaent.

C. 59.

A.D. 1783.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times it shall happen, that the Produce of the several Duties granted by this Act, together with the several other Duties Revenues, and Taxes, granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Payment of the several Annuities of three Pounds per Centum* and of four Pounds per Centum, and of thirteen Shillings and Four pence per Centum, in respect of twelve Millions, borrowed in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities y and for establish'tng a Lottery), shall not be sufficient to pay"and discharge the several Annuities of three Pounds per Centum, and of four Pounds per Centum^ and also the said Annuity of thirteen Shillings and Four-pence per Centum, to continue for seventy-seven Years, from the fifth Day of January\ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and then to cease, together with the other Charges and expences attending the said respective Annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the same, at the End of any or either of the half-yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are directed by the said Act to be paid 5 then, and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the Monies which, at any Time or Times, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf), and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be, from Time to Time, issued and applied accordingly: And if at any Time or Times, before any Monies of the said Fund, to be established as aforesaid, shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred, and grown due, atany of the half yearly Days of Payment before-mentioned; that then, and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Monies of the Sinking Fund (except is before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall beany Surplus or Remainder of the Monies arising by the said Fund, after the said several and respective Annuities, and all Arrears thereof, are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall, from Time to Time, be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; any Thing in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellor: and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament.

WHEREAS a Bill is depending in the House of Commons, intituled, A Bill for insisting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain

Breaches of Publick Trtly and High Crimes and Mfdemeanor$, committed by them whitjl they respectively i held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Sel eft Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies: And whereas, on account of the present late Period of the Session, and of the great Body of Evidences adduced in Support of, and against the Truth of the Allegations in the Bill, it is probable the Parliament may be prorogued before the said i Bill, under the above Circumstances, can be properly considered: And whereas it is highly expedient for t*e publick Service, that the said Bill should be proceeded cn as early as possible in the next Session of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Proceedings on the said Bill now depending in the House of Commons, intituled, A Bill for insist ing certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire^ for certain Breaches of Publick Trusty and’ High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them ivhiljt they respectively held the Offices of Governor and Pcfident, Coufjcllors, and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coaf of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament; but the said Bill may be proceeded on in the next Session of Parliament in such and the same Manner

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 60 - 6?. 359

as could or might have been in case the present Session of Parliament had been continued, and no Prorogation or Diflulution of Parliament had happened or taken place.

CAP. LX.

An Act for further continuing so much of an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and, Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same, as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective Real Estates.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in this Session of Parliament, for continuing en Act passed in the Prc,mWe'

twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for restraining Sir Tho- mas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limitea Time; and 5^0*

for discovering their Estates and Ejfefts, and prrjenting the transporting or alienating the same): And whereas, *

by virtue of the said recited Act, the said Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, is to have Continuance, and be in Force, until the End of the present Session of Parliament,

and no longer: And whereasa Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on the said Sir Thomas Rum- bold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of Publick Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President,

Counsellors, and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort St. George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, is ftiil depending in Parliament, and it is therefore expedient that the said Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which, by virtue of the said recited Act, will have Continuance, and be in Force, only until the End of the present Session of Parliament, ftiotild be in Part further continued, in order, and to the Intent, that the teal Estates of them, the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, may be secured so as to answer and be liable to Justice in Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much Pjwtcfa* Geo. ofrhe above-mentioned Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c«ntin«e4 until jtn Act for refraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, l7g

for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the famey as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real Estates, shall, and is hereby declared to have Continuance, and be in Force, from the Expiration of the Term limited by the said recited Act, parted in this Session of Parliamerir, until the first Day of February y one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public*

Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for vesting in Henry Earl of Pembroke, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Hundred of Kynwardston, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Great Bedwyn and Burbage, in the County of Wilts; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

"Letters Patent of Edw. VI. dated May 7, recited. The Lands, situated in Great Bedwyn and Burbage, vested in the Earl of Pimbrokey his Heirs, tfc. in Fee, discharged from all Claim of the Crown in respect thereof. Other Manors, lAc vested in the Heirs Male of William the first Earl of Pembroke, with the ultimate Remainder thereof to his Majesty."

CAP. LXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines; and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty's Letters Patent.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eiehty-tfiree, there shall be charged, levied, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several

From ScfT, t# 178$, certain uLw

lOO

C. 6

360

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

MrcMf f t are Rates and Duties following; that is to say, All Persons (except such as have served a regular Apprentice-

to take <vj:a> U* (0 any Su^eon, Apothecary, Druggist, or Chymist, or such as shall have kept a Strop for the Space

forcha"pur-ofc. ^lrce Years before the passing of th s Ad, for the vending of Drug^ or Medicines only, not being Drugs

t or Medicines sold by virtue of his Majest/s Letter Patent) utre.ingor vending Medicines in Great Britain^ shall annually take cut a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner htrcin-after prescribed:

Jf refining fn

London, *:ib-jn 'h.' D ftif CC of 'hr Ve py Pod, to pay 20 s. In any other Part of Great B: tain, ;». Pecfons T iling (.dh.’nei u.ider such Licences, &c, to pay, for every Bux, fee.

And where the Persons so uttering or vending Drugs or Medicines, shall reside within the Cit;es of Lon* don and Westminster, or within the Distance of the Penny Port, on every such Licence there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of twenty Shillings:

And where the Persons uttering or vending Drugs or Medicines shall reside in any other Part of Great Britain, there shall be charged on every such Licence a Stamp-duty of five Shillings:

Upon every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure, of any Medicine under the Price or Value of two Shillings and Sixpence, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any Person or Persons taking out such Licences or by any Person or Persons under the Authority of his Majesty's Letters Patent, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of Three-pence:

undjris. 6d. a Sump-duty of 3 d.

For every Box,

Bottle, &c. of the Value of 2 s. 6 <J> and under 5 s. a Duty of 6 d.

For every Bor, Bottle, &c. of the Value of 51. a Duty of 2 s.

Upon every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure, of any Medicine of the Price or Value of two Shillings and Sixpence, and under the Price or Value of five Shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any Person or Persons taking out such Licences, or by any Person or Persons under the Authority of his Majesty's Letters Patent, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of Six-pence:

Upon every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure, of any Medicine of the Priceor Value of five Shillings and upwards, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by Persons taking out such Licences, or by any Persons under the Authority of his Majesty's Letters Patent, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Shilling.

Not to extend to Surgeons of the Nary or Army.

Dutie« to be un-<Ur the Manage* meat of Commissiontri of Stamp-dudes.

From Sept. 1,

1783, unqualified Persons selling Mcdicinei Vuhout a Licence, shall forfeit 5 1.

Any two of the Commissioners of Stamps may goal Liccncei,

Licences to be renewed io Days before they expire.

Vender! of Medicines so fend Covers or Labels to the Office to be stamped;

and to cover their Boxer,

Bi ttles, tic. a* the Commission-cn shall dueO,

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Person or Persons vending any Drugs or Medicines, who shall have served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army, under any Cotn-mission or Appointment, where the same shall have been duly entered at the War Office or Navy-Office.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting all the Paid Duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said several Duties, as shall be requisitein that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the Lid Rates and Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fi-ft Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Person whatsoever, required by this Act to be lirenfed, shall, unless he or die be licensed in Manner herein after prescribed, utter, vend, or sell, any Medicine in Great Britain, upon Pain to forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences to such Persons who shall apply for the same, to fell Medicines in any City, Town, or other Place, within Great Britain, for the Space of one Year, to commence from the said first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that Day, and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence; and all and every Person and Persons, who shall take out such Licence for selling Medicines, shall take out a fresh Licence for another Year, ten Days at the least before the Expiration of that Year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or she shall continue to fell Medicines; and shall in like Manner renew such Licence, from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for the Stamps on such Licences, as long as he or she shall continue to fell Medicines.

VI. And, in order to secure the Duty hereby imposed,’ be it further enacted, That every Person making, uttering, or vending such Medicines, shall send to the Commissioners of Stamps, or to their Officers appointed by them for that Purpose, Paper Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, made for inclosing such Medicines, with his, her, or their Name or Names, and any other particular Word or Thing printed thereon, to denote the Value at which the same is intended to be sold, in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall direct, in order that the same may be damped with the several and respective Duties hereby directed to be imposed, and delivered again, from Time to Time, to such Maker or Vender, as Occasion shall require; and every Box, Pocket, Bottle, or Phial; or any other Inclosure of Medicine, uttered, vended, or fold, by any Person or Persons taking out the Licence required by this Act, or that shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by or for any Person or Persons under the Authority of any Letters Patent, shall be covered, wrapped up, or indoftd with such Mark or Device, and in such Manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp-duties shall from Time to Time direct t

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6a. 361

out a prop?* Cover,

n ore than cace0

&C»

Any Person who shall buy or fell any Cover* to be used for inclosing Medicines more than once, shall forfeit jol.

Either Bayer Of Seller may in-

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall utter, vend, sell, or expose to Sale* Penalty 00 fcH* any Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or any other Inclosure of Medicine, subject to the Stains duties here- rich

by imposed, unless the Cover, W rapper, or Label hereby directed to inclose, or to be affixed to the same, ^uaVnes whfc-shall be marked, sealed, and (lumped, as by this Act is directed, or shall be inclosed in any Cover or Wrapper, or shall have any Label affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a Stamp or Mark of less Denomination or Value than determined by this Act is directed, all and every such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure of such Medicine (buttered, fold, or exposed to Sale, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VIII. And, to prevent the Seal, Mark, or Stamp, hereby directed to be used, which has inclosed any Penalty on Medicine, from being made use of again for inclosing other Medicines, the Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, making use of or other Inclosure whereof is hereby directed to be stamped / be it enacted, That if any Person or Per- flafnP^ CovefS fons shall fraudulently cut, tear, or take off, any Mark, Seal, or Stamp, in respect whereof, or whereby any Duties are hereby payable on any Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure of any Medicine$ or shall fraudulently inclose any Box, Packet, Bottle or Phial of Medicine, in any Paper so sealed and damped as aforesaid, the same having been once made use of for the Purpose aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall hereafter fell, utter, or expose to Sale, any Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure of Medicine liable to any of the Duties hereby charged, the same not being at the Time of such felling, uttering, or exposing to Sale, inclosed in some Cover, Wrapper, or Label, actually stamped as by this Act is directed; then so often, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Particulars before-mentioned, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IX. And, to prevent Persons so licenced as aforesaid from selling and buying any Covers, Wrappers,

and Labels, which have before been made use of for denoting any of the Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing such Frauds/ be it enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, fell or buy any such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, in order to be again made use of for the inclosing of any Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure of Medicine, liable to the Duty hereby imposed, every such Person so offending (hJl, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either the Buyer or Seller of any such Cover, Wrapper,

or Label, shall inform against the other Party concerned in buying or selling such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, the Party so offending shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed against, and be*1*

shall be indemnified from the Penalties by him or her incurred. Mrnfcif indemnified.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counter- Peri'ons counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, or shall counter- Stamps or feit or resemble the Impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, D«th aiFclooi! of any of the said Duties; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, direckd or

allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, dial 1 be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Mciety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person and Persons as shall inform and sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland) for Offences committed there, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and diflinbl Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being ^edubled) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, at such Time and in such Manner as any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates and Duties as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time he sued, molested, or Persons fu?d for

prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clatife, executing this Matter or Thine, herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Blue*. and *£'G*r0i* give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pals for 1^, In"shall the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or be entitled to Defendants shall baveTxcble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble Costs.

PenaU'M how tip be divided.

Duties to be paid to the Receiver General of Stamp dutie?, and by i»im paid into the Exchequer,

Auditor to keep a separate Account thereof.

Application of the Duties.

MO

3*2

C. 63, 64. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Stage Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being delirous 10 raise the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, do humbly present your Majesty with the free Gift of the further Rate herein-afeer mentioned \ and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* From Auf. t, mons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fift Day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be raised, levied, collected,

and pSid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs tohitf Majesty and Successors, the additional Rate and Duty following; (that is to say,)

V'*. Every four-wheeled Chaise, or other Machine commonly called A Diligence, or Post-Coach, and every

St*ge Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with four Wheels, Chaifc-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, Four-w^eUd^ or other Machine, by what Name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be Machine, cm- employed as publick Stage Coaches or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire, to ployed in carry- and from one Place to another in the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be charged with an additional ing Pafongert to Duty of one Halfpenny foe every Mile such Carriages shall travel, to be paid by the Owners thereof.

Hire, one Hilf* r

peony for evc.jr Mite such Carriage shall travel.

To be under the

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said Management of additional Duty herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Manage* for Tam a Cr* ment of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped r 'Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required to do all Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution, in as ample a Manner as they are authorised to put into Execution any Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

All Power*,

III. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Distribution of Pe* tn but ion of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by an Act made in the oaaiea and For- twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the ^oVed b*\ nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Geo ill cap.°ei. duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire, far travelling in the Manner therein > shall be in Force ‘ mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses let to Hire for the Purposes of travelling Post, and by Time9,

with relation*) 1 and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof f shall be of full rtkii Ad. Force and Effect, with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional Rate and Duty hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as ' if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said additional Rate and Duty hereby imposed.

The Doty to be

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Rate and Duty herein-before granted, shall be cJjvcrGener*Lof from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties oq

Sramp-du^cs, ° damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the said act-and by him paid ditional Duty, and p^y the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the into the E*chc- fame, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the <lucr: Duties now charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and in the

these Irate of the Auditor of the said Receipt, there shall be provided and kept a Bocrk or Books, in which

froVTn other all the Monies arising from the said Duty, and pftd into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered

Mom. separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon

Applicacion any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid,

vhettoU shall be a Fund (or the Payment of the several Annuities, at d all such other Charges and Expencef, as

are directed to be paid and payable by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for rafing a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

P;umUu

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for taking away from the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, the Power of compounding with Persons making Malt not to sell, but to be consumed in their own private Families.

WHEREAS by the several Statutes now in Force for imposing Duties upon all Malt made in Great Britain, the Commissioners of Excise, or other Persons by them respectively appointed for thar Purpose, are authorised to compound and agree with such Persons as shall make Malt not to fell of nuke Profit thereof, but to be consumed in their own private Families only, at a certain Rate or Payment for every Head, which, at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of such Competition, *4 shall be of the Family of such Persons respectively, as in and by the said Statutes is particularly <3i- rested and required.: And whereas great Frauds have been, and are now frequently practised by Means of such Competitions, and great Quantities of Malt have been privately fold and difp^fed of by such Compounders, to the manifest Injury of the Revenue, and of the fair Trader / for Remedy thereof*

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. 363

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, all the Powers and Authority to the Commissioners of Excise, or other. Persons, by all or any of the said Acts, given to compound and agree with any Person or Persons for the Duties on Malt by any such Persons made or to be made, shall cease and determine; any Thing in any of the said Statutes, or in either of them, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who hath or have already made Composition or Agreement for the Duties of the Malt by them respectively made, or to be made, in pursuance of the said Acts, or any of them, shall, on or before the tenth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, make true and particular Entries of all such Malt as they, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, were possessed of on the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or had in his or their Custody or Possession, at the Office of Excise within the Limits of which they shall respectively inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also all the Malt of which no such Entry shall be made; and within six Days after he, she, or they, shall have made, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, shall pay down for the said Malt* the several Duties chargeable upon Malf, or In Default thereof, shall forfeit and lose double the Value of the Lid Malt; and that the Houses, Our-houses, and orher Places belonging to such Compounders, from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall, and are hereby made liable to the Survey of the Officers for the Duties on Malt, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, and under the same Fines and Penalties for Refusal, as Persons making Malt for Sale are liable.

III. And whereas it may have happened, that, in pursuance of the Powers by the said before-recited Statutes given, the Officers appointed by the Commissioners of Excise for that Purpose may, since the twenty-third Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, have made or renewed Com-

Dofitions for the Duties on Malt with Persons applying to make or renew such Compositions, and the

Money payable for the same may have been received by such Officers :* Now, to prevent all Con-fu(nn, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Compositions as shall have been so made, renewed, or agreed to be made, since the said twenty-third Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be, and are hereby declared null and void; and all such Sums of Money as shall have been received by the said Officers from the Persons so making or renewing their Compositions as aforesaid, shall, and the same are hereby directed and required to be returned to the Person and Persons respectively who shall have paid the fame; any Thing in the said former Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

From A up. f,

I 83. *U Com-

pofiponi, for making Malr for, private Families, shall cease. Compounders, on 01 before A ig. 10, 1783, to make Fn'riei of ail Milt they were possessed of on Aug. r, oa Forfei ureof 50L and all such unentered Malt.

Howfea, Sec. of Compounder*, after Aug. i, liable to Sutvey of proper Otiucis*

Compofinont made or renewed since June 23, 1783, to be void*

---

[Penalties and Forfeitures to levied and recovered, &c. in the same Manner at those under former Laws of Excise.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in relation to the said Duties upon the Malt Stock in hand, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the ojher Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa;" and to vest as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Ports and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in his Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving the Trade to Africa; and for vesting James Fort, in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British Ports and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and for securing and regulating the Trade to Africa.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by the Preliminary Articles of Peace between his Majesty and the Most Christian King, signed at Versailles, on the twentieth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, it was agreed, that the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, should be ceded to his Most Christian Majesty, who, on his Part, guarantied to his Majesty the Possession of Fort James, and the River Gambia: And whereas the said Fort and River are within the Limits between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, on the Coast of Africa; and by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa and to vest as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with

364 C. 65. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

all the Property, Estate, and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in his Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving the Trade to Africa), were vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and were theretofore vested in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa): And whereas it will tend to the Preservation and Improvement of the British Trade, if the said Fort and River, and their Dependencies, extending to Cape Rouge as aforesaid, were under the Direction of, and vested in the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in like Manner as they were before the said Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[5 Geo. III. cap. 44. repealed.]

That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the said Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vest as well the said Fort, and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in his Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving the Trade to Africa), and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

[From the passing of this Act, Fort James, and the River Gambia, their Dependencies, &c. shall be vested in the African Company.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, as well the said Fort James and the River Gambia, and their Dependencies, as all other the Forts, Lands, Castles, Settlements, and Factories, on the Coast of Afica, beginning at the Port of Sallee, and extending from thence to Cape Rouge, and all other the Regions, Countries, Dominions, Territories, Continents, Coasts, Ports, Bays, Rivers, and Places, lying and being within the Limits aforesaid, and the Islands near adjoining to those Coasts, and comprehended within the said Limits, excepting such Forts, Settlements, Islands, and Territories within the same, as, by the ninth Article of the Preliminary Articles of Peace herein before mentioned, are ceded and restored by his Majesty to the Most Christian King; and all other the Property, Estate, and Effects whatsoever, which, prior to the making the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were possessed by the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, or claimed by them, in respect to such their Possessions within the said Limits, and which by the said Act were vested in, possessed, or claimed by his Majesty, shall be, and the same, and every Part thereof, in the State the same shall now be in, are hereby declared to be vested in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to be employed at all Times hereafter for the Protection, Encouragement, and Defence of the African Trade, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, and subject to the same Rules, Orders, Direction, Government, Limitations, Restrictions, Powers, and Authorities, as the other Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa are now, of which those in this Act mentioned were heretofore, when vested in the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa, by virtue of the said Act made in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty's Reign: And the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa shall and may use and exercise all Powers, Privileges, and Authorities whatsoever, which were granted to them by the said Act, so far as the same concern any of the Territories, Forts, Settlements, or other the Premises, lying within the Limits aforesaid, and vested in them by virtue of this Act.

[The African Trade to be free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects.]

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trade to and from Africa shall continue free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects; and that it shall be lawful for all his Majesty's Subjects, without Preference or Distinction, to trade and traffick to and from any of the Ports or Places hereby vested in the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa, without any Restraint whatever; and that the Forts, Warehouses, and Buildings hereby vested in them, shall continue to be free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects, in like Manner, and for the same Purposes, and subject to the same Orders and Regulations they heretofore were, under the Authority of the said Act made in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty's Reign.

[No Servant to the Committee of the Company to export Negroes on his own Account.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any of the Officers or Servants, employed by the Committee of the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa, upon the Coast of Africa, to export Negroes from, thence upon their own Account; and that if any of the said Officers or Servants shall be found to be directly, or indirectly, interested in such Exportation of Negroes from Africa, he shall be dismissed from the Service of the said Committee.

V. 'And whereas by the said Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That the Committee of the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa, shall give an Account, upon Oath, of all the Money received by them, and the Application thereof; but no Provision is thereby made with respect to the Accounts to be given by their Officers and Servants of the Disposal or Application of the Goads and Stores purchased from Time to Time by the said Committee, and by them sent to Africa, to be there used and applied, as by the said Act is directed;' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[Servants to the Committee to account annually, upon Oath.]

That every Officer or other Person employed by the said Committee, on the Coast of Afica, to whom any Part of such Goods and Stores, so purchased and sent out as aforesaid, shall be consigned and delivered, shall be required to transmit to the said Committee, once at least in every Year, an Account of the Disposal and Application of all such Goods and Stores within the preceding Year, having first made Oath to the Truth of such Account before such Person as shall be authorised by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to administer the same; and that no such Officer, or other Person as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be discharged, in respect of any such Goods and Stores confined or delivered to him as aforesaid, in any other Manner than by an Account given upon Oath of the

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. 365

Disposal and Application thereof; and if any such Officer, or other Person, shall neglect to transmit to the said Committee such Account as is herein-before required, the said Committee are hereby enjoined and required forthwith to suspend him from the Enjoyment of his Salary; and in case, upon Enquiry, they shall find such Neglect to have been wilful, they are hereby enjoined and required to dismiss him from their Service.

[Committee to make out annually, an Account of the Disposal of the Goods and Stores sent out, and of the Sum granted by Parliament for the preceding year.]

VI. 'And, to prevent any Misapplication of the Sums granted by Parliament for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, or Embezzlement of the Goods and Stores by the Servants of the said Company;' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Committee shall yearly, and every Year, within three Months after they shall have received the Accounts, by this Act directed, of the Disposal and Application, upon the Coast of Africa, of the Goods and Stores by them purchased and sent out, make out a distinct Account, as well of the Sum granted by Parliament for the preceding Year, as of the Disposal and Application of the Goods and Stores upon the Coast of Africa as aforesaid, together with a Schedule of what Part of the said Goods and Stores remain on hand towards the Expenditure of the succeeding Year;

[Such Account to be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and delivered to one of the Secretaries of State, attested upon Oath.]

which Account shall be by them laid before both Houses of Parliament, and also delivered in to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, attested upon Oath, in like Manner as the Account by them to be rendered of the Application of Monies granted by Parliament is, by the said Act made in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty's Reign, directed to be attested.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

---

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new Rates and Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following 5 (that is to say,)

0-

X’0

That every Person who shall keep any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, with three or four Wheels (except such Carriages as are now charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise), shall yield and pay annually the Sum of four Shillings for every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage as aforesaid, which shall be exprdied in a Licence for that Purpose: with. Dm,) 4.

And that every Person who shall keep any Cart or other Carriage, with two Wheels, (except such Carriages as are now charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise), shall yield and pay annually the Sum of two Shillings for every such Cart or other Carriage, which shall be expressed in a Licence for that Purpose.

those already charged) i t.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be obliged to pay the said yearly Sum of four Shillings for more than one such Carriage employed in Agriculture only, nor for more than three such Carriages employed for any other Purpose, on which the said Duty of four Shillings is hereby charged, where such Waggons, Wains, or other such Carriages, are kept by or for him or her, for his or her own Use only, and shall not be used for the Carriage of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, for Hire, or be let out for Hire.

any other Purposej except Carriages employed

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be \ construed to extend, to charge with the Duty hereby imposed, any Cart or other Carriage with two Wheels, employed in Agriculture only, and not employed in Parks or Pleasure Ground, or used for the Carriage of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, for Hire, or let out for Hire.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Carts with two wheels drawn by one Horse only, and employed only for the Carriage of Peats or Turf for Fuel, and not let out for Hire.

V. And be it enacted, That in case any Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be pressed for the Purpose conveying any Arms, Ammunition, or other Baggage, under and by virtue of any Law for preventing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, and the Owner thereof shall be paid for such

# Carriage, the same shall not be deemed to be a Working for Hue within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

From Nor, r,' 1783, the following Duties to be paid to his Majesty; m.

For every Waggon. Wain, 5ce« w,th three or four Wheels (not already charged per Annum.

For Carte and

other twowheeled Carrie get, (except per Annum.

No Person to pay for more Chan one such Carriage employed in Agriculture only, nor more than three for for Hire.

Not to extend to Caiti, or other two»*heeJed Carriage*, cm* ployed in Agriculture only.

Not to extend to one Horse Peat Cam.

Carriages eon* ployed in car* rying Arm*, Ammunition, &c. for Soldiers, or Marines, not deemed working

.3^6

Duties to be under the Management of Commissionen of Sump-doties,

PerfcM h’ring In London, or wWi-ln the Weekly Bills, shall give Notice, at the Stamp-cffke, of the Number of

Waggons, &c* the/ keep;

Persona refjding in any othur Part of Great Britain to give, like Notice to the proper Oliver in the Neighbourhood.

Jhich Netire as aforesaid to be given, and Payment made, annually, on For-fciure of 5b

Not obliged to go further than the nett Market Town to make Payment, &c.

Upon Payment of the Duties, a Licence Bull be given.

Prosecutions to be determined by a neighbouring Justice;

but Appeal may be made to the Quarter Sessions.

C. 66. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

VI. And, for the better and more effectual raising, levying, colliding, and plying, the said Rates and Duties herein-before granted,’ Be it enacted, "1 hat the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the m dor Pm of them, are hereby required and im-powered to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such Marks or Stamps as they shall think fit to denote the Duty, and to repair, renew, or alter the same, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion; and to do dll otlvT Acts, Matters, and Things neccfljry to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample M inner as they, or the imjor Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any of the Laws now in being concerning iHrrprd Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the fail first Day of November, one thoftfund seven hundred and eighty-three, shall have or keep any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, hereby directed to be licensed, for his, her, or their own Use, or the Use of any Person of or for whom he, she, or they, i?, are, or shall be Committees, Trustees, or Guardians, if living in London, Westminster* or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall, within thirty Days after the f.tid first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or within twenty Days after he or she shall begin to keep such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, and from Lime to Time within twenty Days alter beginning to keep any other stich Carriage or Carriages respectively, not being in the Place or Stead of the former, give Notice in Writing, at the Head Office in London for (Limping and marking of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, of his, her, or their keeping the same, and of the Number of the Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, so by him, her, or them respectively kept as aforesaid, and of the Parish or Place where he, she, or they respectively re fide; and Avail at the same Time pay down the respective annual Rates and Duties so imposed as aforesaid for keeping the farr.e.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after th? Lid first Day of November+ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall keep any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, hereby directed to be licensed, for his or her own Use, or for the Use of ar.y. Person of or whom he, she, or they shall be Committees, Trustees, or Guardians, in any other Part of Great Britain, shall, v/irhin sixty Days after the said first Day of November, one thousand ft vtn hundred and eighty-three, or within twenty Days after he, she, or they Avail begin to keep such Waggon, Wain* Cart, or other Carriage, and from Time to Time within twenty Days after beginning to keep any other such Carriage or Carriages respectively, not being in the Place or Stead of the former, give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, redding next to the Place where such Person or Persons for whose Ulc the same shall be so kept shall respectively inhabit, of his, her, or their keeping the same, and of the Number of the Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, so by him or them respectively kept, as aforesaid, and of the Parish or Place where he, she, or they respectively reside; and (hftl at the same Time pay down the respective annual Rates and Duties (o imposed as a fore fn id for the keeping the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall give, or be obliged to give such Notice as a fore said, is and ate hereby required, at or within twenty Da\s after t-u* Expiration* of twelve Calendar Months after the Times of giving or bting obliged to give such first Notice, to give a fresh Notice in Manner aforesaid, and pay down the respective annual Rates and Duties above mentioned, according to the Number of Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, so by him, her, or them respectively. then kept, and in the same Manner to renew such Notice, and make such Payment, from Yenr to Year, as long as he, she, or they (had so keep any fuel) Cairnges; and if any Person or Persons shall so keep any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage as aforesaid, without giving such first or other Notice, and making such Payments yearly in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds for each Offence.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Person as aforesaid shall be compelled to travel, for the making such Entry, or the Payment of the said Duties, or other Cause whatsoever, touching or concerning the same, if he or Aie live in a Market Town, out of the said Town, or if he of the live out of a Market Town, then to no other Place than to the Market Town nearest to his or her Habitation.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Payment of the said several Rates and Duties, so hereby granted, at the said Head Office of Stamps in London, or to the respective Officers in the Country, a Licence shall be given to every Person so paying such respective Rates and Duties; which Licence shall contain the Number of such Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, so respectively entered^ the Sum paid for the same, and the Time for which such Licence Aiall be granted.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Prosecutions for the Recovery of the Duties hereby granted, as also for all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed against this Act, shall be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such. Forfeiture shall be made, or Offence committed 5 and if the Party finds himself aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, he shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the same, and their Judgement therein shall be final: And every such Justice is hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required, upon Complaint or Information exhibited and brought of any Forfeiture incurred, or Offence committed contrary to this Act, to furomon the Party accused, and upon his Appearance, or Refusal or Neglect to appear, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Fast; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary ConfeiTioiv of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement thereupon, and

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. 367

to award and issue out Warrants under his Hand for the levying of such Forfeiture and Penalty upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made of the said Goods and Chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the JnHJcemty said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate or lessen any such Forfeiture or Penalty as he (ha 11 tigate Penalties, think fit; reasonable Cuffs to the OfSceis and Informers being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so that such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to left than a Moiety of the Penalties

incurred over and above the Costs.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be brought Offence* cornier sued forth in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for any Offence against this Act, by justice*

touching or concerning the Duties hereby granted for or upon any Waggons, Wains, or Carts, in Cases

where such Offences are cognizable by any Justice or Justices of the Peace. wLftminfor.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede Writ* of Cen 10-

Execution, or other Proceedings, upon any Order or Orders made in pursuance of this A cl; but Exe- rari net to surer-cution and other Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or fcieProceeding* Allowance thereof, notwithstanding. under this Act.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this Act (all Distribution of necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deduced) shall be divided and distributed, one Forfeiture*. Moiety thereof to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to

such Person and Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

[Clause relativet«

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case, where the Duty or Duties required by this Act to be paid by any Person chargeable with the same, shall be paid, and Entry made Payment of Du-as aforesaid, before any Information laid of such Entry or Payment not having been made, although not and strictly within the Time for that Purpose mentioned, no Person having made such Payment and Entry ntry*

shall be prosecuted for not having made such Payment and Entry wilhin the Time limited by this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, having made due Entry and if any Person

Payment of the Duty for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, required by this Act to be li- having paid the censed, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, shall die before the End of the Year for which D°ty flidl die such Entry and Payment shall be made; in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Person, claiming of?he Yea*the Title to every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, by, from, or under such deceased Person, Benefit of his to make Use of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, for or in respect whereof such Entry Licence AalI be, and Duty shall have been made and paid as aforesaid, during the Residue of the Year for which such enjoyed by his Payment shall have been made, in like Manner as such deceased Person might have done if living. Representative.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, Duties to be paid

from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on to the Receiver damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the said General of several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting him^aid

for the same, being first deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Man- *to the E^che. ner, as the Duties now charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid: qUor,

And in the Office of the Auditor of the Did Pveceipt there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt Application of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other thereof. Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable by an Act of this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for ralfing a certain Sum of Aloney by way of Annuities and for establishing a Lottery).

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued* Person* sued la molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or Execution of thi* of any Clause, Matter, or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the Ge- Jlea*

neral Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a cner Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, and shall be then such Defendant or Defendants flaall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff entitled to or Plaintiffs. Treble Costs,

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births and Christenings.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards railing such Supplies as are necessary to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, do humbly present your Majesty with the Grant of the new Duty herein after mentioned and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in From m t this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day ,7g3,the follow-of October, one thousand seven hundred and erghtv-three, there shall be charged, levied, and paid unto ing Dutytobe and for the Use of his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the new Duty followings (that is to say,) - p»'<* to hi* Ma-

Upon the Entry of any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Christening, in the Register of any Parish, Pre- thT Entry

cintt, or Place in Great Britain, a Stamp-duty of three Pence. of every Burial,

II. And Muriajej&c.jd.

368

The Doty to be under the Ma. Da Geo. ent of the Commissionen of lumps.

Penalty on Par-ions, dec. who shall enter any BunaljMarriage, &c. on Unstamped Paper.

Persont, &c. empowered to demand 3d. from the Undertaker, or Person* mai-fied, fire.

and If they refuse to pay the same, they shall forfeit 3»-'

Churchwardens* tec, to provide Books with proper Stamps for entering Burials* Marxians, &c.

Certain Cases in which Entry may be made without any Stamps,

Not to extend to Burials,&c. from any Hospiul.&c,

But to extend to Quakers,

An Allowance of is. in the Pound ’o be made to Parsons* &c. for their Tioubk.

C. 67. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 178$

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said Duty herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stampeu Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, aie hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ such Officers under them lor that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such Stamps, to denote the said Duty, as shall be rtqu-ifice in that Behalf; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Duty herein-before granred, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Parson, Vicar, or Curate, or other Person having Authority to make Entries of Burials, Marriages, Births, or Christenings, who shall, from and after the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, enter any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Christening, in the Register for any Parish, Precinct, or Place, in Great Britain, before the Patchment, Vellum, or Paper, on which the Entry of such Register shall be made, shall have been duly stamped, as by this Act is directed, every such Parson, Vicar, Curate, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Parson, Vicar, Curate, or other Person having Authority to make the "Entry of any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Christening, is hereby veiled with full Power and Authority, previous to the making thereof in the Register of any Parish, Precinct, or Place in Great Britain, to demand and receive from the Undertaker, or other Person employed in and about the Funeral of any Person so to be buried, or from the Parties married, or from the Parent of the Child whose Birth or Christening is registered, or other Person requiring the Christening of such Child, the Sum of three Pence: And if such Undertaker, or other Person, so employed m and about such Funeral, or if the Parties so married, or the Parent of, or other Person bringing the Child, whole Birth or Christening shall be so required to be registered, shall neglect or refuse, on Demand, to pay the said Duty, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

V. And be it Further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of every Parish, or one of them, shall, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, provide one or more Book or Books for the registering of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings, with such Stamps for each Entry to be made therein, as by this Act is required; and shall pay for such Book or Books, and the Stamps to be conained therein, out of the Rates under their or his Management, and shall, from Time to Time, receive back the Money, which shall be so paid, from the Person authorizedoy this Act to demand and receive the Duty hereby imposed, on the Entry of any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Christening; and in the Case of extraparochial Places, such Book or Books, with such Stamps as aforesaid, shall be provided, front Time to Time, by the Person whose Duty it shall be to make Entries of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Parson, Vicar, Curate, or other Person, shall be subject to any the Penalties or Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, for entering, or causing to be entered, any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Christening, in any Parish Register, without any Marks or Stamps thereon, whera a Licence, under the Hands of three of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to put this Act in Execution, or some Officer or Officers by them impowered, shall have been granted, signifying their or his Leave or Approbation that the Entry of any Burial, Marriage, Birth, ot Christening, to be written in such Register, may be therein written without any Marks or Stamps thereon; so as the Person or Persons, having the Custody of such Register, do, from Time to Time, when and as often as he or they shall be thereto required, permit the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any Officer or Agent by them, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose appointed, to imped and view such Remitter; and do nlfo, from Time to Time, when and as often as he or they shall be thereto required by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of rh^m, or any other by them, or the major Part of them authorised, pay unto the* Receiver General for the Time being of the said Duties, or such other Officer or Person as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, dull appoint to receive the same, all such Sum and Sums of Money which, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, ought to be p.iid rn respect of all and every such Entry and Entries as shall be written in such Register; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge the Entry in any Parish Register of the Burial of any Person who shall be buried from any Workhouse or Hospital, or at the sole Expence of any Charity; nor the Entry in any Parish Register of the Birth or Christening of any Child whose Parents shall receive, at the Time of the Birth and Christening of such Child, any Parish Relief.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Provisions of this Act, with respect to the Register of Births, Burials, and Marriages, shall extend to the People called Quakers; and that the Registers of Births, Burials, and Marriages, now kept by them, shall be fuojedt and liable to the Stamp-duties hereby imposed upon the Registers of Births, Burials, Marriages, and Christenings; any Thing herein, or in any other Law, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver-general of the Stamp-duties at the He2d Office, and the Head Distributors of Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or other Person or Persons duly appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners of Stamp-duties to receive the Duty, by this Act imposed, shall make an Allowance to every Parson, Vicar, Curate, or other Person receiving the said Duty, as a Recompence for his Trouble in accounting for the same, at and after the Rate of two Shillings in the Pound, out of the Monies by them regularly accounted for, and paid to such Receiver-

ner*l

369

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tettio Georgii III. c. 68.

general or Head Distributor, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, according to the Directions herein-before contained.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Prosecutions for Recovery of the Duties hereby granted, as also Profccotieni for for all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed against this Act, shall be heard and determined by any ^7°&7 Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Forfeiture shall be made or Offence committed; ^eurmined by and if the Party finds himself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, he shall and m;^y appeal to the neighbouring Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and impowered to hear Justicej

and determine the same, and their Judgment therein shall be final: And every such Justice is hereby authorised, and strictly enjoined and required, upon Complaint or Information exhibited and brought for but APoetl may

any Forfeiture incurred, or Offence committed contrary to this Act, to lumtnon the Party accused, and QuttrWffion*

upon his Appearance, or Refusal or Neglect to appear, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of v*rcr 0

Fad; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath

of one or more Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement thereupon, and to award and issue out Warrants

under his Hand for the levying such Forfeiture or Penalty upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender;

and to cau-fe Sale to be made of the said Goods and Chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen

Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Justice may ml. Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate or lessen any such Forfeiture or Penalty as he shall think Pco»'tlcf* fit, reasonable Costs to the Officers and Informers being always allowed over and above such Mitigation*

and so that such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than a Mi iety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the Coffs.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this Act (all Distr'ibuuon of nectfTiry Charges for the Recovery thereof h?ing fi;(f deducted) shall be divided and distributed, cne Baltics. Moiety thereof to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person and Persons who shall inform and sue for the fam?.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person employed by virtue of this Act in receiving or Receiver# i»f the accounting for the the Duties hereby imposed, shall, merely in reiped of this Act, be disqualified from not dif-

voting at any Election or Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; any Law or Statute to the con- Veter* trary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV7. And be it further enacted, That the Duties herein-before granted shall he paid from Time to Dutirs to be p»id Time into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Tims being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parch* to the Receiver-ment,^ and Paper, who shall keep a separate and dtllinct Account of the Duiiis, and pay the same (the |cnenl of necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties now charged on Stamped Vellum, Parch- pxu into the roent, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, there shall Ench^r. he provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever: And the said Money, so to Application be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several thereof. Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of

Annuities, and for establish'tng a Lottery,

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, Persons sued m molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of E*'cut, onof,h'* any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons, and Bodies Politick or Corpo- the ’General" rate, shall or may plead the General lflfue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; nrue> and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs and shall be become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them entitled to against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble Costs*

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty Preble, (intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and fate the publick Geo. nr.

Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied cai'* 54* recited. 4 to the publick Service; and what Defects there are in the present Abode of receivings collecting, ifinings and accounting for publick Money \ and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less experfive Manner^ the said 1 Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Publick); and also by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing and amending the Hid Ad;

and also by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for further continuing an Act, ai Geo. III.

made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing aid enabling <aP* 45*

4< Commissioners to examine, take, and ft ate the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, and to report vehat Bahnees c< are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the publick Service; and ivhaf Dffcfts there are in the present Mode of receivings colic ft tug, issuing, and accounting for publick Abney; and in what more expeditious 12 HI,

and effectuaU and less expensive> Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on fir the cap*

Benefit of the Publick)certain Persons therein named were constituted Commissioners for examining,

talcing, a*H dating the Accounts of all Duties, Taxes, and Monies, granted, raised, and appropriated

VM)Q

37°

Com^i/r»cr.ers

*[p< in e* n examine at d (late the p <b.k!c Accounts of ihc Kingdom*

The recited Acts to continue in Fo-ce after Jdy 11, 17-3*

No Commissioner to ho'd a Civil Office of Profit duiing Pleasure

Any three of the Commissioners to be sworn before the Ch?n-crllor of the Exchequer, &c.

The Oath*

The said three Comm;flic tiers to administer the Oath to the red, Lords of the Treasury may pay aocol# to the Order of the Commissioners. Application thereof.

Eteeutora of Accountants to attend Commissioners, and execute their Orders.

Continuance of this Act,

C. 68. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

for the publick Service of this Kingdom which had been issued to any Person or Persons whatsoever,

whose final Accounts have not hitherto been passed before the Auditor of the impress, according to the Forms of the Exchequer, or whose Accounts, although passed, have been for Setvjccs which have been performed since the li: ff Day of January^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-iix; and aifoof all such Duties, Taxes, and Monies, which should thereafter be granted, raised, and appropriated for the publick Service of this Kingdom, at any Time before the Determination of the said hrft-mentioned Act,

and of all Arrears thereof; and also for examining and dating in what Manner, and at what Times the Receipts, 1Ulies, and Expenditures or the said publick Monies were then accounted for, and for consider- ing of and repotting by what Means and Methods the publick Accounts might in future be passed, and the Accountants compelled to pay the Balances or Monies due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive Manner: And whereas the said Commissioners have made a considerable Prof rtfs in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said Acts, and have, in the Couife and Order of the Examinations and Proceedings taken and had by virtue thereof, dated and reported to his Majesty, and to Parliament, sundry Matters of great Importance and Concern to the publick Service, and it is highly expedient that the Enquiries into, and Examinations of, the other Accounts, Matters, and Things, referred to them by the said Aril-recited Act, Hiould be continued and finished,

and the Result of them dated, for the further Information and Satisfaction of his Majesty and his People/ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confine of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Anguish Esquire, Arthur Piggott Esquire, Richard Ncave Esquire, Samuel llcachcrcft Esquire, George Drummond Esquire, and It illiam Rce Esquire, or any three or more of them, shall be, and are hereby conllituted Commissioners for examimrg, taking, ard Hating the Accounts in the said fix ft-recited Act mentioned; and also for examining and Hating in what Manner, and at what Times, the Receipts, lilucs, and Exptndittrcs of the said publick Monks are now accounted for, and for c-nudering of and reporting by what Means and Methods the publick Accounts tnay in future be passed, and the Accountants compelled to pay the Balances of Monies due from them, in a more expeditious, mo-e effectual, and less expensive Manner; and that the said Acts, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing contained therein, and all the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners therein named, or any three or more of them (except where altered by this Act), shall be and continue in full Force and Virtue, to all Intents, ConltruHLns, and Purposes whatsoever, from and after the twelfth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-thrcc, and shall and may be executed by the Commissioners hereby confiiiuted, or any three or more of them.

II. And be it further emidted, That no Person appointed a Commissioner by this Act shall accept of, or hold, any civil Office of Profit during Pleasure, from or under his Majesty, during the Continuance of this Act.

under his Majesty.

III. And be it further enacted, That any three of the said Commissioners in this Act, before they enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or before the Mafier of the Rolls for the Time being (which they and either of them are hereby authorised and required to administerj, the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to say J

I A.B. do swear. That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, execute the several Powers and Trulls veiled in by an Act, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, takey and Jlate the publick Accounts of the Kingdom j 4 according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.9

And every other of the said Commissioners in this Act named shall likewise take the same Oath before the said three Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all such Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the publick Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer; which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of CJeiks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in that Idehalf; the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and Payment of the same on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall appoint: And which Money, so issued, and also such Allowances as shall be made to the said Commissioners, shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Assessment whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such publick Accountant is dead, the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Accountant shall, when required thereto by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, attend the said Commissioners, and observe and execute the Orders and Di-regions of the said Commissioners, in like Manner as Accountants by this Act are required to do.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Powers of taking, examining, and dating Accounts, and administering of Oaths and issuing of Precepts, shall endure for the Space of one Year from the twelfth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and no longer.

---

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69, 70. 371

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to enable the Adjutant General of his Majesty's Forces, and the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

[Preamble. Recital of 4 Geo. III. Cap. 24.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters, and Packets free from the Duty of Postage), it is enacted, That from and after the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, so long as the Revenue arising in the General Letter Office, or Post-Office, or Office of Post-master General, shall continue to be made Part of the Aggregate Fund, no Letters or Packets sent by the Post to or from any Place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Postage, except such Letters and Packets as are therein particularly excepted: And whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets, free from the Duty of Postage, is not, by the said Act, extended to the Adjutant General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, nor to the Comptrollers of Army Accounts for the Time being, who, by virtue of their respective Offices, necessarily send and receive many Letters and Packets relating to the publick Concerns of these Kingdoms;' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Adjutant General, and Comptrollers of Army Accounts, may send and receive Letters free from Postage.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Adjutant General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, and the Comptrollers of Army Accounts for the Time being, shall and may send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under such Restrictions, as other Officers mentioned in the said Act are thereby permitted, in respect of their Offices, to send and receive the same in pursuance of the said Act.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to the private Distillation of British-made Spirituous Liquors; for explaining such Part of the Act, imposing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes.

---

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the illegal Importation of foreign Spirits is greatly promoted by fictitious Entries

of Storehouses and other Places for keeping fin h Liquors, made by evil-minded and indigent Persons For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Seller of, or Dealer in, foreign Spirituous Liquors, re- Sept. siding within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London (not being a Retailer thereof duly li- P toiVtgn sVji^ cenled thereunto), shall be permitted to make Entry of any Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cel- riiuous Liqucrv hr. Vault, or other Place, by him, htr, or them, intended to be made use of for the keeping of so- within the L»-reign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or Strong Waters, unless such Seller or Dealer, at the Time of m'tsef the Exmaking such Entry, shall occupy and inhabit a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Value of twelve Pounds, or upwards, and for which he, she (or they, if Partners), shall be affelled in his, her, or their Reefer),'shall own Name or Names, and shall also pay to the Parish Rates; and that no such Seller or Dealer, rertding m3^e entry of in any other Part of the Kingdom where there are Rates to Church and Poor, shall be permitted to make #ry Warehouse, any such Entry, unless such Seller or Dealer shall be art’erted and pay to Church and Poor in the several *c. for keepm* Parishes and Places in which they shall respectively reside; and that no Entry of any Warehouse,

Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, for keeping of foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, *£or\

Spirits, or Strong Waters, already made or hereafter to be made, as directed and required by the Statutes Tenement of in that Case made and provided, shall be of any Avail to any such Seller or Dealer (not being a Re- n). per Ann. tailer of Spirituous Liquors, and duly licensed thereto) not so qualified, or for any longer Term than &c*. such Seller or Dealer, so making such Entry, shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every Person (not being ^hcrVIr^of such Retailer licensed as aforesaid) selling of or dealing in foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or ^Kingdom, Strong Wafers, not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any Entry by him, her, or them maeje, unless he pay be deemed and taken to be Seilers of and Dealers in foreign Brandy, Arracky Ruin, Spirits, and Strong to Church and Waters, without Entry, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Sellers of and Dealers Foor. in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, and Strong Waters, without Entry, are, by the Statutes in such Case made and provided, now subject unto.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth No Entry to be Day of September, where any Entry shall be made, by any Seller of or Dealer in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, r^s in The Spirits, or Strong Waters, of any Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, f4rre rwe for

keeping of so*

37*

Directions relative to taking out Permits, and removing foreign Spirits,

Several Permit!

may be taken out, and Casks /ent the same Day, so as each C/lk is sent under a di ft'-: rent Permit, Ac, Net to prevent Dealers fending with one Permit, Sec, any Number of Casks of fix?y Gallons e-'ch, Scc. Foreign Spirits in CiIks of lets than 60 Gall ns, found removing at any Time contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, with the Cattle and Carnages.

Particulars to be specified in Re-qtieft Notes for Permits.

£o mint flion cts for England and Scotland, on or before Sept. l$9 >783, to provide Moulds for making of Paper to be used for Permit*, &c.

C. 70. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

for the keeping of foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or Strong Waters, no other Seller or Dealer in such Spirituous Liquors (not being a joint Trader nr Partner with such Seller or Dealer), however qualified, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, make Entry of the same, or of any other Warehouse, Store-house, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place whatsoever, within the same House or Tenement in which the Entry of any such other Seller or Dealer shall then be existing; but every such Seller or Dealer making such further Entry of the same, or any orher such Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, in such fame House or Tenement, shall, notwithstanding such further Entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a Seller of and Dealer in foreign Brandy, Anack, Rum, Spirits, and Strong Waters, without Entry, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Seilers of and Dealers in foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, and Strong Waters, without Entry, are now subject unto.

III. And, the better to prevent foreign Spirituous Liquors, that have been illegally imported into this Kingdom, from being removed from the Sea Coasts into the Stocks of entered Dealers in those Commodities, and of others,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of Settember^ no Seller of or Dealer in foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or Strong Waters, shall be allowed to takeout more than one Permit in one and the same Day to any one Person whatsoever (except as herein after is excepted), which Permit shall be granted for the Removal of no more than one Cask, or other Package, containing any foreign Spirituous Liquors of one Kind or Species; and if any more than one Cask, or other Package, of foreign Spirituous Liquors of one Kind or Species at one Time, directed to one and the same Person or Persons, where there are two or more in joint Trade or Partnership, except as herein after is excepted), shall be found removed or carried, or removing or carrying, from one Place in this Kingdom to any other Place, whether with or without Permit, the same, together with the Vessels and Boats, and the Horses and other Cattle, and the Carriages employed in removing or carrying the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any Dealer in foreign Spirituous Liquors from taking out two or more Permits, and, by virtue thereof, fending two or more Casks, or other Packages, containing foreign Spirituous Liquors of the same Kind and Specie*, to the same Person, in the same Day, so as each and every such Calk or Package respectively shall be sent under different Permits, and by different Conveyances.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to prevent any Seller of or Dealer in foreign Spirituous Liquors, from fending with one and the same Permit, by one and the same Conveyance, any Number of Casks with any Kind of Foreign Spirituous Liquors therein, each such Cask then containing sixty Gallons, or upwards, of foreign Spirituous Liquors of one and the same Kind or Specie*.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any foreign Spirituous Liquors (not being in Casks containing sixty Gallons, or upwards), shall be found removing or carrying from any one Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, unless at (nth Tunes as herein after mentioned; that is to say, From the twenty-ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of Alar cl), yearly, between the Hours of seven in the Morning and five in the Evening; and from the twenty inch Day of March, to the twenty-ninth Day of September, yearly, between the Hours of five in the Morning and seven in the Evening (except the same is carrying determined by a known common Stage Coach, Waggon, or other Srage Carnage, which usually travels out of those Hours), all the said foreign Spirituous Liquors, and the Package containing the same, whether the same be accompanied with or without a Permit, and all the Cattle anti Carriages made use of in the removing or conveying the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, fresh and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, when any Seller of or Dealer in foreign Spirituous Liquors, shall fend a Request Note to any Permit Writer, requiring any Permit or Permits for the Removal of any foreign Spirituous Liquors from his own Stock into the Stock of any other Person or Persons, every such Seller and Dealer shall, and he is hereby required and directed to specify, in every such Request Note, as well the Quality or Kind of foreign Spirituous Liquors, intended to be removed with each Permit, as also the Contents of the Cask or other Package containing the same, and likewise whether the same is to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance the said Cask, Bottle, or other Package respectively, is intended to be sent; and if any Seller of or Dealer in foreign Spirituous Liquors, shall neg’cct or refuse to specify, in every such Request Note, either the Quality of the Spirituous Liquors intended to be removed, or the Contents of the Calk, Bottle, or other Package containing the fame; or by what Carriage, or Mode of Conveyance, the same is intended to be sent, every such Request Note and Notes shall be null and void; nor shall any Permit or Permits be granted by any Officer or Permit Writer thereon.

VIII. And whereas, for the better fecuw’ng the Duties chargeable upon exciseable Commodities, the Dealers therein are, by several Statutes now in force, required to take out Permits from the proper Officers of Excise, certifying that those Duties have been paid, which Permits are to accompany such Commodities when removing from one Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof: And whereas great Frauds have been committed by forging Permits in Imitation of those granted by such Officers, and the Penalties already provided to prevent such Forgeries are not sufficient to suppress so great an Evil; for the more effectual preventing such Practices, so manifestly tending to the Rum of the fair Trader, and to the Diminution of so material a Branch of the Revenue of this Kingdom,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland shall, on or before the

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. 373

said twenty-ninth Day of September, provide, or cause to be provided. Moulds or Frames for the making of Paper to be used for Hermits, which Paper shall have the Words Excise Office visible in the Substance of Yuch Paper; and shall a] so provide, or cause to be provided, one or more Plate or Plates, engraved vvrli certain IVkrks, Stamps, and Devices, in Manner as to them shall feetn meet (which Marks, Stamps, and Devices, omihe said Plates, or any of them, may from Time to Timebc varied or altered in luvh Manner, and as often as the said Commissioner for the Time being respectively shall think necessary), for the pr iming, flamping, and marking the said Paper; and all Permits from thenceforth to be given or grained, by the respective Officers for the several Duties of Excise and Inland Duties, for the Removal oi any exciseable Commodity, shall he printed, stamped, and marked by the said Plate or Plates on Paper so uuie, with the Words Excise Office visible in the Substance thereof; which said Paper shall be made, and the said Prate or Plates shall be engraven, by such Person and Persons respectively as are now, or hereafter shall be, appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time, under their 1 e-spective Hands and Seals, for those Purposes; and as w^ll the said Paper so made, as also the said Plate or Plates so engraved as aforesaid, shall be kept by such Officer or Officers as shall from Time to Time be appointed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, for keeping the fame: And the Officer or Officers ro be appointed for printing Permits, shall not print, stamp, or mark any Paper whereon any P<*rniit or Permits shall be given or granted for the Removal of any exciseable Commodity, but on the Paper so provided as aforesaid, and having the Words Excise Office visible in the Substance of such Paper.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, if any Person or Persons whatsoever (not being authorised by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland so to do) shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the making, or without being authorised or appointed r.s aforesaid, shall knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse, (the Proof whereof shall be on »re Pe fi>n accused), any frame. Mould, or Inflrurr.ent, for the making of Paper with the Words Excise Office Viff.de in the Substance of such Paper; or shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or uftift: in the making, any Paper, in the Substance of which the Words Excise Office shall be vifiuic; or if any Person (except as before excepted) shall, by any Art, Mystery, or Contrivance, cause or procure the kbd Words Excise Office to appear visible in the Substance of any Paper whatever; or if any Person or Pcisms whatever (not being appointed as aforesaid) shall engrave, cast, cut, or make, or shall cause or procure to beengraven, cast, cur, or made, any Plare or Plates, or other Thing, with any Mark, Stamp, or Device thereon, in Imitation of,* or to resemble any Mark, Stamp, or Device, made and used by the Direction of the said Commissioners of E^cifr, or the major Part of them respectively, in Manner as aforesaid, so; the Purpose of printing, flamping, and marking of the Paper to be used for a Permit or Permits, to accompany 5iny exciseable Commodity or Commodities removing or removed from one Part of thi> Kingdom to any other Part thereof, iri pursuance of the Directions of the several Statutes requiring such Permit; every Person so offending, in any of the Cnres aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for such Offence, be deemed and adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, if any Person or Persons whatever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Permit for the Removal of any exciseable Commodity from one Part of this K ngeiom to any Other Part thereof, for the Removal of which a Permit or Certificate is by any Act or Acts of Park jment now in force required; or it any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any falseor untrue Permit, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any falie or untrue Permit with any such exciseable Commodity to be removed or removed as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter orerafe any Permit, after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer of Excise; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willuigly pnbiifh or mike use of any such Permit so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, r rrai^d; every Person so offending shall (in lieu of any former Penalty), for each and every such Often.ce, forfeit and lofc the bum of five bundled Pounds; which Forfeiture shall and may be prosecuted in any of his Majt fly’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

XI. And be it ft»: ther crmfled by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth

Day of September, if any ( Officer of Excise or other inland Duties, shall deliver out, or suffer to be delivered out, any Paper having the WExcise Office visible in the Substance thereof, either before or after the Stamp or Maik, so to be provided as aforesaid, shall be primed tnercon, or before the same shall be filled up, agreeable to the Request Note brought from any Trader, for the Purpose of having a Permit for the Removal of fame xcueaHe Commodity; or if any such Officer shall knowingly give or grant any false or untrue Permit, or shall make any false or untrue lEntry in the Counterpart or Counterparts of any Permit or Permits, by him g.ven or granted for the Removal of any exciseable Commodity from the Stock of any Dealer therein; or shall knowingly and willingly receive or take any exciseable Commodity whatsoever into the Stock of any such Dealer, brought in with any false, forged, or untrue Permit, or shall knowingly permit or suffer the same robe done, dreftly orindirectly, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the T.

:several Statutes in such Case made and provided, every such Officer so offending, being thereof lawfully 1 ,

convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported, in like Manner as other Felons are

directed to be tia*,{'ported, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for any Time not exceeding feve*

yea's.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action, Bill, Plaint, or Upcnevery Information, entered or filed in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Ex- a a- enters

1C

Kj IV.ttu:. t’> - gun»ei uii aotae* fifer.

All Perf. ns C all m»ke j if Mcul t, 6cc. rr: j Jc t i l u: Q

4i ifai&j ' '

or afiiff in m»1r-inij inch Paper, See.

unless appointed by the Co mm if, (touch ot fcacilr.

ffnH sufferD«tA as Felon*.

Perf cour.’cr,

foiling Pv»mi(s,

or pjiing or

rrt cl "g my so*.": Pc unit, or Ar.eun- any, g,r: ted b- the pro;.fi Oilicrr,

’ Aallioileujcol,

Penalty on Ernie Officers delivering out l^per for. Per-ir.iisimproj cry,

or granting folfe PeraJ^s, &c«

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

374 C. 70.

A.D. 1783.

Record at Westminster, &c. for tl»c l’enalfy of 5001, a Capiat Shall issue. Defendant to five Bail for hit Appearance, and a’so to pay the Penalty, Stc. From Sept 29* 1783, if any Officer flulf know of or la > spett any private Still, Sec. within the Limits c»f the Head Office, and make Oath thereof before a Justice, or the Commissioners } or in any other Part of Great Britain, and frail make Oath thereof before a Tuttice of the County, fcc. the said Commissionert or Juttiea may grant a Special Warrant to break open such iufpeOed House, and ro feiae such Stills, Spirits, &c. and if not claimed, by tha Owner within ten Day*, tha fame shall ba forfeited, and the Proprietor, &c. frail pay aoo h for every such Place, and Still, ire. found therein.

Penalty on ob-flrufting Offi* Ctrl in foiling

From Sept. *9, *783* any Par* fen who frail be fonod aiding and attitting in any private DistilU-Iion, frail forfeit s»i.

and frail be curried before a

9a Default of saying the Penalty, Offender |o be committed.

chequer in Scotland^ for the said Penalty of five hundred Pounds, a Capias in the first Process shall and may issue, specifying the said Penalty; and the Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail, by natural-born Subjedb, Persons naturalized, or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of the Return of such Writ, to answer such Suitor Prosecution; and shall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security, by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay the said For— feiture of five hundred Pounds, in case he or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Bodies to Prison.

XIII. And whereas, notwithstanding the many Laws already made to prevent the private Distillation of Low Wines and of Spirits, evil-minded Persons do privately makeSpirits 5 now, for the better detesting such Persons/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thit, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, in case any Officer or Officers of Excise shall know, or have Cause to suspedf, that any private or concealed Still, Back, or other Vessel, Spirits, Low Wines, Wa(b, or other Materials, preparing for Distillation, are set up or kept in any House or Place; then, and in such Case, if such House or Place shall be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Liberty, where such House or Place shall be, or before the Commissioners of Excise, or any two or more of them; or, in case the same shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be so set up and keot, setting forth the Ground of such his or their Suspicion; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Affidavit or Affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower such Officer or Officers, by Day or by Night (but if in the Night Time, then in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting the rein), to break open the Doors or any Part of such House or Place, where he or they shall so know or suspect such private or concealed Still, Back, or other Vessel, Spirits, Low Wines, Waft, or Materials for Distillation, are so set up and kept, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize all and every such Stills, Backs, or other Vessels, and all such Spirits, Low Wines, Walk, and other Materials preparing for Distillation, which he or they shall find and discover, and either to detain and keep the same in the House or Place where found, or to remove the same to the Office of Excise next to the Place where the same shall be so discovered and found; and in case the same shall not, within ten Days next after such Seizure, be claimed by the true and lawful Owner thereof, then the said Stills, Backs, and other Vessels, Spirits, Low Wines, Wa(b, and other Materials for Distillation, shall be absolutely forfeited, and the Proprietor of any such private or conr cealed Still, Back, or other Vessel, or the Person in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and Iofe, for every Place in which every such private Still, Back, or other Vessel, shall be so found, and also for every such Still, Back, and Vessel, found therein, the Sum of two hundred Pounds: And if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, oppose, molest, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise, or others a&ingin their AflSftance, in the due seizing any such private or concealed Stills, Backs, or other Vessels, Spirits, Low Wines, Wash, or other Materials for Distillation, or in detaining or keeping the same in the Place where found, or in removing the same, or any of them, after Seizure, to the next Office of Excise as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, private Stills, &c.

XIV. And, in order to deter Persons from aiding or assisting the Proprietors of such private Stills To 4 carrying on their fraudulent Practices/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, when any Officer or Officers of Excise shall at any Time discover and find any private or concealed Still, Back, or Vessel, for the making, preparing, or keeping of Waft, Low Wines, or Spirits, or other Materials preparing for Distillation, and shall at the same Time discover in the Room or Place where such private Still, Back, or other Vessel, shall be so found, any Person or Persons knowingly aiding, assisting, or anyways concerned in carrying on such private Distillation* every such Person and persons so discovered, shall (over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures that the Proprietor, or Person in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, is now fobje& and liable unto) forfeit and lose the Sum of thirty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer and Officers of Excise, and all other Persons acting in their Aid and Assistance, to flop, arrest, and detain, all and every the Person and Persons so discovered in such Room or Place, and to convey the said Person and Persons before one or more Justice or Justices, of the Peace for the County* Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, whereinfoch-Persons shall befo discovered as aforesaid: And it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, on Confession of the Party, or by Proof on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses made of such Offence, to convict the Person or Persons so discovered as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so convicted shall, immediately on such Conviction, pay the said Sum of thirty Pounds, into the Hands of the Officer who shall have conveyed such Offender before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be applied in Manner as herein after is directed; and on such Offender or Offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said Sum of thirty Pounds, the Justice or Justices so conviding as. aforesaid, shall and may, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, oc Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of £x Months, to be reckoned from the Day of such Conviction* and the Person or Persons so committed shall nol

A* D. *783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. 375

not be discharged until he, she, or they, shall have paid the said Sum of thirty Pounds, or until the Expiration of the said six Months) and in case the Person or Persons so convicted shall be again discovered in any Room or Place where any private Still, Back, or other Vessel shall be discovered and found as aforesaid, aiding, assisting, or otherwise concerned in carrying on any private Distillerv, he,

Ihej or they, so again offending, shall, upon the like Conviction, forfeit and pay, for such second pena^tyon* Offence, the Sum of sixty Pounds, and shall be committed to the House of Correction in Manner S:cond offieneef aforesaid, there to remain for and during the Term of one Year, or until the said Sum of sixty Pounds shall be paid.

XV. And, the more effectually to prevent the Removal of Spirits that have been privately dillilled, from the Places where made to the Houses of Rectifiers and Compounders of Spirits/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, it shall and may prom sept# ffp be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, and they and each of them is and are hereby required to seize all 17?), ail Horki, and every Horse and other Cattle, and all Carriages and Boats whatsoever, made use of or employed in the Carnage. &c. removing, carrying, or conveying JSr/V/^made Spirituous Liquors from one Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, unless the British-made Spirits so removing, carrying, or conveying, shall be accom- sXiuf without panied with such authentick Permits or Certificates from some or one of the Officers of his Majesty's Re- aproper Permit* venue of Excise, as by the several Statutes in such Case made and provided are directed to accompany the may befeiie*. fame when removing as aforesaid; which Seizures of Horses, Cattle, Carriages, and Boats, shall and may be proceeded upon, heard, and determined, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as other Seizures made by the Officers of Excise may now be proceeded upon, heard, and determined, by any Law or Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise.

XVI. And whereas great Frauds have been and may be carried on by means of Trunks and other close 1 Vessels set up by Distillers and Makers of Low Wines and of Spirits, for receiving Wash and other Mate- rials fit for Distillation from the Wash-backs, and other Utensils, before the same is pumped up into their Still or Stills / be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Distiller and Maker of Low Wines Befoe Sept.* or of Spirits, whether for Sale or for Exportation, havingr or keeping any Trunk or other close Vessel or 17*5* Distiikra Utensil for receiving or keeping Wash, or other Materials nt for Distillation, shall, before the said twenty- Jj® demoiift »* ninth Day of September, take up, demolish, or convert into open Vessels, every such Trunk and other close Vessel or Utensil; and that no Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or of Spirits, from and after the said c^wiA^ twenty-ninth Day of September, shall ered, set up, have, or keep, any Trunk, or any other close Vessel or Utensil, for receiving, keeping, or making Wash, or other Materials preparing for Distillation, on Pain to forfeit, for every such Trunk, or other close Vessel and Utensil, foereded, set up, kept, or continued, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, the Sum of one hundred Pounds: And, to the End that the on Penalty* Officers of Excise may be able to taste and examine the Quality of the Low Wines and of the Spirits coming

from the Still or Stills of every Distiller and Maker of Low Wines and of Spirits, whether for Sale or for til*

Exportation, Compounder and Redifier of Spirits, every such Distiller and Maker, Redifier and Com- pipe, faftettd to pounder, shall, before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, cut off or take away all Pipes or other Con- the End of tktk veyances already fixed or fattened to the End of the Worms belonging to their respective Still and Stills; Sdii-wonui, and from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, no such Distiller, Mater, Redifier, or Com-pdunder, {lull fix or fatten, or suffer to be fixed or fattened, any Pipe or other Conveyance to the End of any Worm belonging to any of their Still or Stills, bur shall leave the End of the Worm belonging to each and every of his and their respective Still and Stills open and free for the Officers of Excise to taste and examine the Low Wines and Spirits respectively coming from every such Still and Stills; and the Low Wines and Spirits so coming from the Ends of the said respective Worms shall openly and publickly run into an open Safe, or other open Vessel kept for that Purpose, and the same shall respectively be conveyed from such Safe, or other open Vessel, into the Low Wine Cask, or Spirit Calk, as the Case may be: And if onPeatlty# any such Distiller, Maker, Redifier, or Compounder, shall neglect to take away, or cut off, all such *°°l*

Pipes or other Conveyances as shall be so fixed or fastened to the End of the Worm, to each of his, her, or their Still or Stills respectively belonging, as herein-before directed; or shall, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, fix or fatten, or cause or suffer to be fixed or fattened, any Pipe or other Conveyance to the End of any Worm of any Still to him, her, or them respectively belonging, or shall run their Low Wines or Spirits from the End of the Worms of their respective Still or Stills into any other Vessel than the Safe, or other open publick Vessel kept for that Purpose, or shall not convey the same respectively from such Safe, or other open Vessel, into the Low Wines Calk, or Spirits Cask, as the Case may be, every such Distiller, Maker, Redifier, and Compounder, so offending, shall, for each Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Discharge-cocics Day of September, the Discharge-cocks belonging to each and every Still of every Distiller and Maker of to be fixed in<fie Low Wines or of Spirits, whether for Sale or Exportation, shall be so placed and fixed in the Body of the ^ch\be respective Stills as that the Officers of Excise may have free and convenient Access to the same; and for

that Purpose every such Discharge-cock shall be continued in a straight Line from the Body of the Still to

which it is fixed, and such Discharge-cock shall not, in any Case, project more than three Feet from the

Body of any such Still, nor more than eighteen Inches from the Brick-woik or other Materials whereon the said respective Still or Stills shall be erected or placed; and if any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines, or of onPenalrydf

Spi its, shall fix or place the Discharge-cock of any Still, to him. her, or them belonging, otherwise than looI#

as herein is diredea, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred

Bounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty- KeyaofDif-niiuh Day of September, the Keys of every Charging-cock, and of every Discharge-cock, that shall be charge-cocM,

Ccc 2 made C/

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70.

A.D. 1783.

Mouths of such Cocks to be iefi irtc.

on De-

v-r< -n 2nv Sr II

ffli’. r;rc t»i he w-ik'd, the FDad thereof Ihar! ukea

off,

on Forfeiture of 1001,

TVregions re-

lati?e to Officer*'* Atrendance for opening the Fur* nace Door of Stills belonging V> ReS ifiers, Sc c.

DiffHcr. to provide proptft Ladders to enable Officer* to cet to ib#rop vf their Soils;

gnditj assist them in letting of the Ladder, A:c.

®n Feoaiiy of aool'

fresh Sept. ?, 1783, Officers ire bowcied to fake ^ampits

made use of by any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines and Spirits, whether for Safe or for Exportation, or: by any Refliher or Compounder of Spirits, for charging or for discharging and emptying any Still or Stills, or other entered Utensil by him, her, or them respectively made use of, shall be had, made, and coa-fti ucted in Manner following, and in no other Form or Manner whatever; that is to say, the Key of each and every such Cock shall be made with an open Eye or Hole in the Top Part thereof, and every such Eye or Hole shall be of such a Size, as to be capable of receiving a Leaver, sufficient to turn the respective Cock or Cocks, at all Times when the Officers shall have Occasion to turn the same in the Execution of the Powers and Authority to them given for that Purpose, by the several Statutes in such Case made and provided; and every such Key of every such Cock and Cocks, shall be of one Piece, and solid to the Bottom, and lb rivetted into the Cock of which it is a Part as to prevent the same from being taken out of the Body or the said Cock; and such Charging-cocks and Discharge-cocks respectively, fliafi not have any Hole or Place of Discharge, but at the Mouth only; and no Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, shall, for any Purpose, or on any Pretence whatsoever, fix or place, or suffer to be fixed or placed, any Grate, Strainer, or any other Thing whatsoever, on or before the Mouth of any such Charge-cock, or of any such Discharge-cock; but the Mouths of each and every such Cock shall be left free and clear from every Thing that can or may prevent the Officers of Excise from searching and ex-nmining the Inside of the Mouth or Opening of each and every such Cock and Cocks: And if any such DistilLror Maker, Redifieror Compounder, shall make use of, or dial fix or place any Charge-cock, or Discharge-cock, to any of his Still or Stills, or to any other of his entered Utensils, of any other Construcihm or Make than that herein before mentioned; or shall at any Time fix or place any Thing whatsoever on or before the Mouth or Opening of any such Cock, whereby the Officer shall or may be prevented from searching and examining the Inside thereof 5 then, and in every such Case, every such Distiller, Maker, Rectifier, and Compounder, shall, for each Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Poun Is.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after che said twenty-ninth Day of September, every Rectifier and Compounder of Spirits shall take off, or cause to be taken off, the Head and Heads of each and every Still and Stills to him belonging, when and as soon as any such Still or S ills shall cease to be worked; and the Head or Heads of such Still or Stills shall in no Case, nor on any Pretence, or on any Account, be put on such Still or Stills, until each such Still shall be again charged and ready to work, nor until the Officer shall have examined the Quality of the Spirits then in each such Still; and if any such Rectifier or Compounder shall neglect to take off each and every Head and Heads from each respective Still and Stills, when and so soon as each such Still shall cease to be worked, or shall in any Case, or on any Pretence or Account whatsoever, put on any such Head or Heads, on any of his Still or Stills, before such Still or Stills shall be charged and ready to work, and before the Officer shall have examined the Quality of the Spirits then in the Still, he, she, or they so offending shall, for each Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XX. And whereas the opening of the Furnace Doors of the Stills belonging to Compounders and

Rectifiers of Spirits, before the Stills are actually charged, and the Heads of such Stills are put on, ha$

given Opportunities for Fraud / for preventing of such Frauds, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaidr. That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, whenever the Officer oT Excise shall have received a Notice (as directed by the Statute in that Cate made) for opening the Furnace Door of any Still or Stills belonging to any Rectifieror Compounder of Spirits, and shall attend for that Purpose, such Officer shall not on any Pretence open the Furnace Door of any such Still or Stills, but of such as are at that Time fully charged, nor until he hath examined the Contents of such Still or Stills, and hath seen the Head or Heads of such Still or Stills respectively actually put on and ready to be locked down; nor shall such Officer, when attending on any such Notice at the Still-house of any such Reflifier or Compounder, be obliged to continue there mote than one Hour at any one Time; and if such Redrifier or Compounder shall not within that Time have charged the Still or Stills mentioned in that Notice, and have put on the Head or Heads of the said Still or Stiils, so as they be ready to be locked down, every such Rectifier and Compounder shall be obliged to give another like Notice in Writing, before the Officer shall be obliged to attend again to of^n the Furnace Door or Doors of his, her, or their Still or Stills; any Law, Custom, or Ul’age, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And, that the Officers of Excise may be the better enabled to examine the Contents of every Still and Stills, to any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines and Spirits, whether for Sale or Exportation,

Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirits, belonging, and to take Still Gauges thereof/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, every Distiller and Maker ot Low Wines and Spirits, and every Compounder and Rectifier of Spirits* shall provide proper Ladders whereby the Officers of Excise may get to the Top of each Still to every such Distiller, Maker* Compounder, and Rt Miner respeduveiy belonging; and every such Distiller, Maker, Compounder, and Rectifier, or some Person on tnrir Behalf, shall be aiding and assisting to the said Officer in setting up the Ladder, and in examining the Contents or eve-y such Still, and in talcing Still Gauges thereof; and if any fu i> Diilille'’, M k r, C impounder, or Rectifier, respectively, (hxH neglect to provide proper Ladders for toe Purposes aforesaid, or mail not by himself, or by some orheron his Behalf, assist the said Officers in setting up the Laud? r*. and in taking the Account and SillGm'ges as aforesaid; or shall, by any Means whatever, hinder or obstruct the Officer or Officers f Excise from examining the Concents of each such Still, or in t.xrng the Gauge thereof; then, hid in every such Case, the Distiller, Maker, Compounder, or KeoPfier, lo often ling, (h-bl, for c ch Off nee, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXII. Aim, for the bniher preventing Frauds/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, ^r®!n and asur the -a"! t v^nty-ninth Day of S^ttmLrr, it shall and may be lawful for every Office of Excise, and iney are Ucuby unpowered to take, at any Time or Times* a Sample or Samples of the Warn in any

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesiipcr tertio Georgii III. c. 70. 377

Wsfh-back or other Vessel belonging to any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines and Spirits, either for S from

or Exportation, not exceeding twelve Gallons in the Whole, out of each such back or other Vefl 1, ’Vl|i,cr,$s°6«f.

paying for farh Wash afrer the Rate of one Shilling and Six-pence per Gallon \ and in case any fuel* gJion for

Distiller or Maker of Low Wines and Spirits, or any Workman or heiyant to h;m or them belonging, iiu fjme.

shall refuse to permit such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or Samples as af;reGiJ, up'>n his or their t'cnal-v on offering to pay for the same after the Rate aforesaid, or shall any Ways obft oft or hinder him or them in Refofil. taking such Sample or Samples, such Distiller or Maker (haf), for each Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty- Aftct;^Pt- *9>. tointh Day of Sept ember no Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, whether for Sale or for Exporta-iion, shall, on any Pretence whatever, have or keep any fixed Pipe or other Conveyance whatever, lead- fix’d c|urng! ing to any Still or Stills, save and except one Cha g ng pipe to each such Still; nor shall have any ing.r>pe, and Conveyance whatever leading from any such Still or S ills, save and except, the Discharge cru k to each one Discharge-Still respectively belonging, on Pain to forfeit for every fixed Pipe or other Conveyance, leading to, or cock, on Penalty leading from, such Still and Stills (not before excepted), the Sum of two hundred Pounds. 0 20°

XXIAnd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any Coin Distider, or Maker of nJ>tfrCv°jr1" ^f(tt Low Wines or Spirits from Corn or Grain, shall, arter the said twenty ninth D^y oi September, make use Sept.^V fta*ll of any Melasses, coarse Sugar, Honey, or any Comp fnion or Extract of Sugar, in the brewing, making, U‘<any M iaifci,

Or preparing, Wash for Distillation, or in making or extracting Low Wines or Spirits, or shall recrive or Ho <7 &c in take into his Custody or Possession any Quantify of Melasses, coarse Sugar, Honey, or any Composition or Walk

Extract of Sugar, exceeding ten Pounds Weight; every such Corn Distiller, and M^ker of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn or Grain, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred IOO1. and rvc*ry Pounds; and every Servant of such Corn Distiller, or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn or G ain, savant, or her and every otjier Person who shall be aiding and assisting in the using any Melaftis, coarse Sugar, Honey, or PeTon ash/? any Compontiop or Exrraft of Sugar, in the brewing, making, or preparing W«Jh furDistdJ.mon, or in fljdl*r

making or'extracting Low Wines or Spirits, 6r in carrying or conveying the same into the House, Still- ^mpHfoned 10^ house, o* other Place belonging to such Corn Distiller, or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn or thucMon;h*. * Grain, shall also forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, and in Default of Payment shall suffer three Months Imprisonment.

XXV. And whereas DifUllers having made Entry of their Stilt-house9, have sometimes withdrawn those Entries whilst Wash and other Materials prepared for Distillation remain unworked/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September^ no After Sept. 2gr Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, Compounder or Rectifier of Spirits, who shall have made no Era of-my* Entry of any Still-house and Utensils for the Purpose of Distillation, as by the fereral Statutes relating toi the Duties on JSritish made Spiriruous Liquors he is required to do, shall be permitted to withdraw loch, his Entry whilst Wash, Low Wines, or other Materials preparing or fit for Distillation, are remaining in *hl rt Waft, o*r any of the Places, or in any of the Utensils, so by him, her, or them respectively entered as aforesaid; but otht- M trials ih every such Case the Officers of Excise, under whole Survey such Distiller or Maker shall then be, shall for Oiftiiiarioiv continue to survey the Places and Utensils mentioned in each tuch Entry, until all the W,*fb, Low Wme>, *hecrr*4U1, D8 and other Materials, shall be worked off, and the Duties charged on the Produce thereof, or unol the same 1 cr'm*

shall be removed from and out of the said entered Places, and then, and not till then, shall any such Entry, made as aforesaid, be withdrawn.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall N6t tolsfrn the extend, or be construed to extend, to take away or lessen any of the Powers or Authorities hr re-toft* e given P to the Officers of Excise and for the Inland Duties, by any Law or Laws now in Force relating to the said ctr*0 1C1 Duties.

XXVII. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, fctcltil of %\

(intituled, An Act for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants^ granted by an Geo. ca?* '

Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majestx), it was enacted, 1 ha: all iTofecu-'

tions for the Recovery of the Duties imposed upon Male Servants, ard *l>o for ail Fo< failures and Of- fences made and committed against the said Acts, within all or any of the Counties, Shire9, and Stewartries, Cities, Towns, or Places, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be heard and dete. mined by any two or more of the Justices of the Peace re fid ng near to the Plate where such Forfeiture* shall oe made, or Offence committed \ and if the Paity finds.him'elf aggrieved by the Judgment given by the said

Justices, he shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sefti'iQs, who are authorised and impowered to hear and determine the same, and whole Judgment therein shall be sinai: And whereas Doubts have arisen,-whether the Word Partys in the iaiJ Act mentioned, dots extend as well to

the Inlormers in such Prosecutions as to the Defendants therein named; now, to obviate all such Doubts/ be it declared and enacted by the An horry aforesaid, That tnc Word Party, in the* fa d Act ThtWcrAPa*rr mentioned, was intended to extend, and df, es extend, to either Party who think themselves aggrieved by f.id

any Judgment giv< nt or to be given, ry any Justices of the Peac^ in pursuance of the lain Act.

XXVIII. And whereas by a Clause i/» an A, D^ff d in the Last Session of Parliament ( ntituled, An R Cf IT 4 Act for repeating the Duties payable for Beer and A'e abeve six Shillings the Barrel, ere in jive of the Duties of

Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the barrel exciujeve of such luties. and for grantin'? other Duties

in lieu thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches and other Ca naves therein mentioned. a d af/o au~

ditional Duties on Sope made in Grc, r Britain, and uvon the Produce of the said aduirionai Dufies on Ccaf.hrty and on ether Earring j; and for the better feaai^g the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Eva/e; ard also 4 so' appointing the Number of Commissioner* A Excise, who may hear Laujes defending before them rennit to the Dufies on Male Servants); ir wjs Thar no Tea, ex< eeJ’ng the Q^-mity of wtntv \ vimf?

Weight (not being within the Chest ni which the same was impacted into tins Kingdom by rht U ued

378 C. 70.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Tm exceeding to Pound* Weighr, (not being in the Chest in which it was imported) which Hull be re roved out of ¥>y Ciry, &c. not within the BiH* of Morta* lity, shall be for-felted, with the Package, Cattle, and Carriage*.

If the Claimer of Goods feiied gain a Verdict, and it shall appear to the Judge that the Officer had probable Cause of Seizure, the Claimant stall not be iotitled to Costfj Jke.

From Aog. y, 1713, Officer* rot to be Toed for executing their Office urtil after a Month’* Notice.

Particular* to be contained in such Notice.

Officer* may Under Amend*.

If Amends tendered he Sufficient, a Veidia to be given for the Defendant, who

Parish, or Place in this Kingdom, not being within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to any other Place out of the Limits aforesaid, not within the said City, Town, Parish, or Place, from which the same shall be so removed or carried: And if any Tea, exceeding the Quantity of forty Pounds Weight, at any one Time, directed to one and the same Person or Persons where there are two or more in joint Trade of Partnership), shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without Permit, the same, together with the Canisters, Bags, and other Package containing the same, and the Vessels and Boats, and the Horses and other Cattle. 4 and Carriages employed in removing or carrying the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: And whereas it was intended that the said Forfeitures in the said Clause mentioned, should extend to all Cases where Tea, exceeding the Quantity of twenty Poundi Weight, should be removed or carried, or removing or carrying, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, but the Word Forty was by Mistake inserted in the said Clause, instead of the Word Twenty: Now, for correcting and amending the said Mistake^ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tea exceeding the Quantity of twenty Pounds Weight, at any one Time, directed to one and the same Person or Persons where there are two or more in joint Trade or Partnership), and not being in the original Chest as aforesaid, shall be found removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with of without Permit, from any City, Town, Parish, or Place in this Kingdom, not being within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to any other Place out of the Limits aforesaid, not within the said City, Town, Parish, or Place, from which the same shall be so removed or carried; all such Tea, together with the Canisters, Bags, and other Package containing the same, and the Vessels and Boats, and the Horses and other Cattle, and Carriages employed in removing and carrying the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; any Thing in the said Clause in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Information or Suit shall be commenced and brought to Trial, on account of the Seizure of any Goods, Merchandizes, or Commodities whatsoever, seized as forfeited by any Act or Acts of Parliament, now in Force, or hereafter to be made, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Inland Duties, or of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or of any Horses or other Cattle, or of any Carriages used or employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a Verdict shall be found for the Claimer thereof; and it shall appear to the Judge or Court before whom the same shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause of Seizure, the Judge or Court before whom the same shall be tried, shall certify on the*Record that there was a probable Cause for the Prosecutor fei-zing the said Goods, Merchandizes, Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, or other Cattle, or Carriages, as the Case may be; and in such Case the Claimant shall not be intitled to any Costs of Suit whatsoever, nor shall the Person who seized the said Goods, Merchandizes, or Commodities, or the said Ships, Vessels, or Boats, or the Horses or other Cattle or Carriages, be liable to any Action, Indictment, or other Suit or Prosecution on account of such Seizure $ and that in case any Action, Indictment, or Prosecution* shall be commenced and brought to Trial, against any Person or Persons whatsoever, on account of the Seizure of any such Goods, Merchandises, or Commodities, or of any Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, or other Cattle or Carriages, used and employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a Verdict shall be given against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge before whom such Action, Indictment, or Prosecution, shall be tried, shall certify on the said Record, that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, then the Plaintiff, besides the Thing so seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be intitled to above T wo* pence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit, nor shall the Defendant in such Prosecution be fined above one Shilling.

XXX. And, for the more effectual preventing vexatious Suits against the Officers of Excise, and their Assistants, acting under the Authorities and Powers to them given by the several Statutes made for secur- ing the Duties of Excise and Inland Duties ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and asser the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Writ shall be sued out against, nor a Copy of any Process served upon, any Officer or Officers of Excise, or against any Person or Persons acting by his or their Order, and in his or their Aid, for any Thing done in the Execution of, or by reason of his or their Office, until one Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to him, or left at the usual Place of his Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue out such Writ er Process as aforesaid; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is to bring such Action, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney or Agent, and that a Fee of twenty Shillings shall be paid for the preparing and serving of-every such Notice, and no more.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Officers, or other Persons acting in their Aid, to whom such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice shall have been given, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his or her Agent or Attorney, and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such Tender in bar to any Action to be brought against him, grounded cn such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not guilty, and any other Plea, with Leave of the Court; and if upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall giye a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or difeominue his or her Action, or in case Judgment shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, then such Defendant or

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 71. 379

Defendants shall be intitled to the like Costs as he would have been intitled to in case he had pleaded the Beimitlei General Issue only; and if upon Issue so joined the Jury shall find chat no Amends were tenuered, or that to Cost,» the same were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or Defendants in such other Plea or Picas, then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff and such Damages as they shall think proper, together with his or her Costs of Suit.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff, in any Case where an Action No Indent* of shall be grounded on any Act done by the Defendant, shall be Derm it ted to produce any Evidence of the the Cause Cause of such Action, except such as shall be contained in the Notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall re- £odu"ed° except cover any Verdict against such Officer, or Persons acting in his Aid, unless he shall prove on the Trial of is contain-such Action that such Notice was given, and that in Default of such Proof the Defendant in such Action edin the Notice* shall recover a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Officer, or others aft ing in his Aid, shall ne- Defendant may gleft to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered inefficient Amends, before the Action brought, it shall MQne> and may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall be brought, at any Time be- Couxu

fore Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings,

Orders, and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be of

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done by any Officer or Of- Aa*on,# ficers of Excile, or any others acting in his or their Aid, in Execution of, or by reason of his or their Office, such Afthxi or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Months next after the Cause of Actiorv shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fast* were committed, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General Issue. and give the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if

[General Issue.]

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if, upon a Verdict or Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same as any Defendant os Treble Coto. Defendants can or may have in other Cases where Costs are given by Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods liaWe to Duties of Ex- cuimen of v cife, or Inland Duties, shall be seized by virtue of or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Goodtfeixed Force, or hereafter to be made, or if any Action shall be brought by the Owner or Claimer of any such

Goods against any Officer or Officers of Excile or for the Inland Duties, or any Person acting in their Af- Dutte

fiftance, for any Thing done in pursuance of any such Act or Acts, the Proof of the Payment of the Excise or Inland Duties upon the Goods so seized shall lay upon the Owner or Claimer of such. Goods, and not on the Person who seized the same, or against whom such Action shall be brought

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall ob- Person*obstruct. struft, assault, refill, oppose, mol eft, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of ing Officer* io the several Powers and Authorities given or granted to such Officers by this Act, every Person or Persons so

offending shall (except in such Cases for which other Penalties are herein-before directed) forfeit and lose, ion')!° for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and For- Penalties tad

fcitures, imposed by this Act (and not herein-before otherwise directed) shall be iued for, recovered, levied; Forfeiture* bow or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, asanyFine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued 10 ^iv?*

for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint; ®4aPPlled* or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty* or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or fuc for the same.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

(intitled, An Act to vest certain Messuages* Lands* Tenements, and Her edit aments* in Trustees for K*c\u\ of the tetterSecuring his Majestfs Docks* Ships* and Stores* at Portsmouth and Chatham) 5 certain Messuages, %x Geo. IIIi Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, were vested in the Right Honourable c»p.

Charles Wolfran Cornwall, and other Persons therein mentioned; and their Heirs* in Trust nevertheless for such Person or Persons, Bodies politick, or Corporate, Ecclesiestical or Civil, as, at the Time of mak~

ing the said Act, were the several and respective Owners thereof, according to their several Estates and

Inter efts, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and Interefh should be respectively adjudged and determined, or Possession thereof taken, by the principal Officers of his Majesty V 4 Ordnance or Engineers, or other Officers acting under their Authority, which they were thereby im*

powered to do, whenever it should be found necessary for his Majesty's Service, and until the Purchase Monies for the same, together with Interest from the Time of taking Possession, after the Rate of five t Pounds per Centum for one Year* for the Sum that should be assessed as the true Value, thereof, should be

s8°

c.

7*-

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III., A.D. 1783.

of his ‘M *$Leuef* Patent, date t Sept. ii, JjSl,

appointing Comrr ifiionrrf. Commifli -nci*

iTief, on Nov. iifi782, at the Town-hall of Roberta.

Thetr Proceed- ‘ L<g» there*

Determination of the Value of certain hand?,

7<c. in the Paiiih .'f Gilhf^hi®*

'Cut of the Supplier gnnted for 1783, the sunn of 471*91. .’4a.

3 d. Jiall be ap-ph-d for making fC itn*. u lauon 1 »r she tv?oje-ine.ru r.cd l.Ands, Tcne-m e.r.s, dc.

Serve*, or Orne-r* of rhc OrJ-to m ke cj; £»!! to P<r-foru inn ltd unler li e Decree r-t the t'or-iDUhc-nets*

paid: And it was by the said Act also enacted, That in-medi from and after the Time that Payments

should be made of the Sum and vSunis ot i\l» ncy, to be ascertained in Manner therein mentioned, as the ‘Value of the Rights and int^reiis of ail Persons pofkii d of, or interfiled in, such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, unto the Owners and Proprietors thereof reflectively, the said Tru/K-es ‘ should bedeemed and adjudg* d to Hand seized of the Pitmif; s lo paid for, to an ! for the LTle of h:$ Majesty, ‘ his Heirs and Successors, for ever, freed and uiichui£<d of and fr< m ell Right, Title, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, tn.it cuiild or might he made by any Per I on or Persons, I;odi°s Politic* or Cnr- porute, Eccltli ift.tal rr Civil: And where\.s ins iVTjvIly, by virtue of the said Act, issued his Commission by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the twenty sixth Day of September now ialt past, authorising*and impowering certain Persons thuein n uned, or any five or more of them, to do, perform, and execute all Powers, Directions, Authorities Matters, and Things, in the said Act contained, which by the said Act such 0 mtvnfiione! s were authorised and required to do, perform and execute: And whereas, by virtue of the Lid Commillinp, and in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament, five or more of the Commissioners in the Lid Commifii >n named, on the eleventh Day of November last, did meet, pursuant to Notice thereof in Writing, d*,ly given and fix^d up, and also published in the London Gazette, fourteen Day9 and more before such Meeting, in such Manner as in and by the said Act of Parliament was directed, at the Town Hall of the City of Rochester, and did then and there adjourn to the following Day; and on such Days they proceeded, by and upon the Inspection and Examination of Deeds, Writings and Records, and otherwise, to inquire and ascertain who were the Owners and Proprietors of such of the Mi flu ages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Act mentioned to be situate in the Parish of Gillingham, in the County of Kent, as were comprised in the said Notice so given and published as aforesaid, and the particular Estate and Interest of each of such Persons therein; and such Commissioners at the same Lime proceeded, by and upon the Inquest of twelve good, and lawful Men, substantial Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County of Kent, qualified to

serve upon Juries at the Assizes for the said County, impannelled, summoned, and returned, by Samuel Boys Esquire, Sheriff of the County, to take the inquest, and before which Jurors Witnesses were examined to inquire and ascertain the true and real Value of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned and comprised in the said Notice, and of every Part and Parcel thereof, and the true and real Value of the particular Estate and Interest of each Person intitled unto, or interesttd in, the same respectively; and five or more of the Lid Commissioners did afterwards meet pursuant to Adjournment, and did make their Determination and Decree, pursuant to the said recited Act, with regard to the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof such Notice was given and published, and Inqnintion made as aforesaid; and thereby they determined and agreed, that the true and real Value of the said Messuages, Lands, l enements, and Hereditaments, includingfome small Sums of Money which were thereby adjudged to be paid to (evcral Persons therein named, for the Damages they would 6 sustain by tak'rig such Lands for the Purposes of the said Act, is four thousand six hundred and eighty- four Pounds, one Shilling, and Three pence, exclusive of the Value of certain Timber Trees growing upon some Parts of the Lid Lands, and which were agreed to be valued in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas such Timber Trees have been since valued accordingly at the Sum of one hundred and five

Pounds, thirteen Shillings, which, being added to the said Sum of four thousand six hundred and eighty* four Pounds, one Shilling, and Three-pence, make together the Sum of four thousand seven hundred. 4 and eighty nine Pounds, fourteen Shillings, and Three-pence; and Possession hath been since takea of the said Mdi'ujgrs, Lands, Tenements, and Hered"aments, by the Crown, but no ProAfion hath yet been made for Payment of the said Money, or any Part thereof: Now, for making Compenfarion to the several Owners and Proprietors of such several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof such Notice was given and published, and Inquibtion made, as herein-before mentioned, and *4 to the Persons who have sustained, or will sustain Damages, as mentioned in the said Determination and

Decree, and for the more efDdtual carding the Lid re ited Act of Parliament into Execution with respect to such Lands, Tenements. Hereditaments, and EremiTcs;’ may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted.; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Onfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, l'hat out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall and may be issued and applied the aforesaid Sum of four chousand seven hundred and eighty-nine Pounds, fourteen Shillings, and Three pence, with InterHf as herein after is mentioned, for the Purpose of making reasonable and just Compensation and Satisfaction to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Ec Lfiastical or Civil, who, at the Time of making the said Determination and Decree, were the (Vveral and respective Owners and Proprietors of the Meflu^gec, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereby adjudged and decreed of, according to their several and respective Estates and Interests therein, ia Possession, Reverfmn, Remainder, or otherwise, as ascertained as aforesaid, and to the Persons who have sustained or will sustain Damage by taking such Lands for the Purposes of the said recited Act, as mentioned in the Lid Determination or Decree.

II. And, to the Intent that all and singular the Proprietors aforesaid may be paid for such their respective Estates and Interests, and that the PersonB so sustaining Damage may be paid for such Dimage, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as they have been adjudged and determined by the Lid Commissioner$ 4 to be respr&ivHy intitled, together with Inrereft after the Rare of five Pounds per Centum per Annum% so^ 1 all the Particulars of such Money nor decreed to be paid byway of Satisfaction for Damages or Expence?, from such Time as PoflWfion of the Lands, incefpedf whereof the same shall be payable, was taken by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or the Engineers by their Direction, to such Time as, herem-auer mentioned and as to the Money decreed to be paid by way of Satisfaction for Damages or

A.D. 1753. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7l. 381

Expences, without any Interest ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Oidnance for the Time being, and he is hereby required to make out and allow one or more Bill or Bills to the respeih’ve Persons, Bodies Politick: or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, for such Sum and Sums of Money as is or are to them respectively adjudged by the said Determination or Decree of the said Commissioners, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from such Time or Times as aforesaid to the Time of Payment, of which Notice (halt be given in the London Gazette; which Bill or Bills so made shall express the respective Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Interest or Damage for or in respedi of which such Bill or Bills shall be made out, together with the Name of the Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and the respective Sum and Sums of Money he, she, or they, is or are to receive; and ther upon Debenture* for one or more Debenture or Debentures shall be prepared for such several and respective Sums as aforesaid1 by such Sums to be the Clerk of the Ordnance for the Time being; and signed by three or more of the principal Of- E.?pfredfby, lhc ficers of the Ordnance for the Time being; which Debenture or Debentures is and are hereby required Ac

to be paid by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, who shall take Acquittances from the 9

Parties indorsed thereon; and such Payment shall be made without Fee or Reward, and without any Deduction or Abatement on any Ground or Pretence whatsoever; and in order to obviate any Doubt as to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, who shall be intitled unto, or intended in any such Money, having Notice that such Money shall be ready to be paid, the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance shall cause Notice thereof to be published in the London Gazette.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums which shall in and by such De- The Sum* bentures be payable to Persons to whom it is by the said recited Decree of the Commissioners determined or tioned in such x decreed that the Money thereby determined to belong to them should be absolutely paid to them, shall be ct, t®

paid to such Persons accordingly.

IV. And whereas by the said Decree or Determination of the said Commissioners it was and is decreed, l l* y*

that the Sum of forty-eight Pounds, fifteen Shillings, should be paid to the Principal and Scholars of Kings Hally and College of Brazen Nofcy in Oxford, as a Compensation for their Estate and Interest of and in such Particulars of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish of Gillingham, as are for such Purpose mentioned in such* Decree,’ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum which shall, by a Debenture to be made out as aforesaid, be payable to the said Clanfc relative Principal and Scholars, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as shall he, by the said*Principal and to 1 Su£dc^ Scholars, by Writing under their Common Seal, authorised or impowered to receive the same, whose Principal Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the and Scholars of said Principal and Scholars, as soon as conveniently may be after they (hill have received such Sum of Kng’s Hall, &o. Money, to lay out such Part thereof as shall be paid for Principal Money, or any Part of such Principal in Oxford. Money, either together or in Parcels, in the Purchase of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee Simple, to be conveyed to, or to and for the Use of the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, fer such Estate and Estates, and to, for, and upon, and subject to such Uses, Trusts,

Limitations, and Purposes, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof such Monies shall be paid as aforesaid, were vested in the said Principal and Scholars immediately before the passing the said recited Act of Parliament; and to accept Conveyances of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, and, from Time to Time, to hold and enjoy the same according to such Conveyance, without any Licence or Authority other than and besides this present Act, any Statute of Mortmain or other Law to the contrary notwithstanding; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, to lay out such Principal Money at Interest in some of the Government Securities, and the Interest arising from such Securities shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been intitled to the Rents and Profits of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

V. And whereas by the said Decree of the Commissioners it was and is decreed, that the Sum of one Preamble 5 re- thousand six hundred and seventy-six Pounds, fourteen Shillings, and three Pence, found to be the Value ci in? that of certain Particulars therein mentioned of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Sums of the said Parish of Gillingham, should be, paid to some proper Person or Persons as a Trustee or Trustees, bccn^ccrced to to be by him or them laid out in the Purchase of Lands of Inheritance, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts be paid into the mentioned in the Will of Thomas Fletcher, in the said Decree mentioned, and in the mean Time to be Hands of laid out at Interest by such Trustee or Trustees, in Trust for the Benefit of the Person who would for Trust*?», for the Time being be intitled to such Lands when purchased; and the Sum of one hundred and seventy-four Pounds, eight Shillings, found to be the Value of certain other Particulars therein mentioned, of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish of Giliincl:am, should be also paid to some proper Person or Persons as a Trustee or Trustees, to be by him or them laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Tenements of Inheritance, to the Uses and upon the Trusts mentioned in the Will of Elizabeth Proby, in the said Decree mentioned, and in the mean Time to be laid out a: Interest by such Trustee or Trustees, for the Benefit of the Person who would, for the Time being, be intitled to such Lands and Tenements when purchased; and the Sum of three hundred and six Pound?, found to be the Value of certain other Particulars therein mentioned of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, in the said Parish of Gillingham, should be likewise paid to some proper Person or ‘ Persons, as a Trustee or Trustees, to be by him or them laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Tenements of Inheritance, to be settled to the Uses and upon the Trusts expressed and declared in certain Indentures in the said Decree mentioned, and in the mean Time to be laid out at Interest by such Trustee or Truf- Ths raid s«m»

tees, In Trust, for the Benefit of the Person who would, for the Time being, be intitled to such Lands to be paid to and Tenements when purchased ;* Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money the DePutx to be, by such Debentures ^as aforesaid, made payable for or in respect of all and every the Sum and of the Purposes thereio mentioned.

382

who lhA\ pive a Dischargefor ihc fame, and certify the Receipt thereof to the Barons of the Exchequer, Sec.

All such Money received by the Deputy Remembrancer, to be paid into the Bank.

Barons of Exchequer, upon Petition, &c. impowered to tnake Orders for Payment of the Money received by the Deputy Remembrancer, or for placing it in the funds, Sec,

On Death or Removal of Deputy Remembrancer, all Stocks, Sic. vested in him bj virtue of this Act, shall veil in his Successor,&c.

If in future thee should be no Deputy Remembrancer, then the Trusts vested in him by this Act flnll vest in the Remembrancer.

If Person* intitled to Deben* lures shall ne-pleft to take the lame for a Momh after Notice, they may bedepofted with the Clerk of the Peace, &c.

All the Lands, Sec. which have been valued as to be taken by his Majesty, Aull, on

C. 71.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783,.

Sums of Money which is and are by the said Decree decreed or determined to be paid to any Trustee or Trustees, shall be paid, by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, into the Hands of the Deputy of the King's Remembrancer of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster for the Time be- ing, for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes, herein after mentioned; and such Deputy Remembrancer il hereby authorised, impowered, and required to receive the same, and to give a sufficient and effectual Discharge for the fame; and the said Deputy Remembrancer shall, upon the Receipt gf each of the several Sums so to be paid in and for the Use and Benefit of each of the said Owners and Proprietors respectively, sign a Certificate to the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, under his Hand, purporting and signifying that every such Sum was received by and paid to him, in pursuance of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Owner or Proprietor respectively, and who, in such Certificate, shall be named and described; and which Certificate shall be filed in the said Court of Exchequer, and a true Copy thereof, signed by the said Deputy of the King's Remembrancer, shall and may oe read and allowed a* Evidence for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Deputy Remembrancer for the Time being, upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money, hereby directed and appointed to be paid to him as aforesaid, shall pay the same into the Bank of England.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster of the Degree of the Coif for the Time being, or any two or more of them, shall be, and are hereby authorised and impowered, in a summary Way, upon Motion or by Petition for and on behalf of any Person or Persons interested in, or intitled to the Benefit of the Money to be paid to and received by the said Deputy Remembrancer, or the Interest or Produce thereof, and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the same, as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions as they shall think just and reasonable for paying the said Money, and every or any Part or Parts thereof, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the publick Funds, or upon Government or real Securities, and for calling in, disposing of, and placing out the same again, in or upon such new or other Funds or Securities as aforesaid, and for Payment of the Dividends, Interest, or Produce thereof, to the several and respective Persons intitled to receive the same; or for laying out the said principal Sums, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-n»ents, to be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as the former Estates were settled at the Time of making the said Decree, or as near as the same can be done; or for and concerning the receiving, issuing, paying, applying, and disposing of the said Money for the Benefit of the Person and Persons intitled to or interested in the same respectively, by virtue of, and according to the Tenor and Purport of the said recited Afl and this present Act; and for appointing a proper Person or Persons to be Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes; and that such Money shall be from Time to Time paid by the said Deputy Remembrancer, according to the Orders tfr be from Time to Time made.

VIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That upon the Death or Removal of the present or any future Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, all Mortgages, Stocks, and Securities, vetted in him by virtue of this Act, shall vest in the succeeding Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer for the Time being subject to the Trusts, and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, without any Assignment or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the Bank, in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Hands of the present or any future Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer at the Time of his Death or Removal, and not vested in the Funds, or placed out on Securities as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the Time being.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared, That if, on the Death or Removal of the present or any future Deputy of the K ng’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, the King’s Remembrancer shall execute the said Office in Person; then, and in such Case, the several Trusts, Powers, and Authorities, in and by this present Act vested in the said Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer, and his Successors, shall, during such Time as no Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer shall be appointed, vest in and be executed by the said King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who by Lnv are capable of receiving such Debenture as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to take the same for the Space of one Month after such Notice given in the London Gazrttr, as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Ordnance for the rime being, to depoftt the same with tre Clerk of the Peace of the County where the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein mentioned, in respect whereof such Debenture or Debentures shall be made out, shall lie, and to take his Acquittance or Acquittances for the same, which such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to give without any Fee or Reward, and which shall be taken and deemed to be valid 5 and such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of such Person or Persons reflectively so neglecting or refusing to take such Debenture or Debentures, shall from thenceforth be vested to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as if such Debentures, or the Money payable thereby, had been received by the Parties intitled thereto, and the Money thereon doe had been fully satisfied and paid; and such Clerk of the Peace shall and may afterwards deliver the same to the Party or Parties who shall appear to be intitled thereto, on being fully paid all such reasonable Charges and Expences, if any, as he shall or may sustain or be put unto relating thereto.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Particulars of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which have been, in and by the Lid recited Decree, or the Verdicts therein mentioned, valued, as to be taken and paid for by his Majesty, and all Appurtenances

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 72, 73. 383

Payment of such Valuation, be verted in his Majesty. his Hri s, &c. for ever;

and all other Landr, &c. com. prised in the re* cited Act, shall remain vested in their former Proprietors.

All the Land*, &. c. in the recited Act men-tinr.ed to be situ-»te in the County of Sou'hirrpton, and vested in Charles WoL and their Heirt«

Limitation of AfticnJ.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

thereof, for the Purposes in the said Act, shall, from and immediately after such Time as the Value thereof shall be paid by the Officers of the Ordnance as aforesaid, be, and the same are hereby vested in his Majesty, to the Use of his Majesty, his Hnrs and Successors, forever, unalienable; and that all and every the Particulars of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Kent, comprised in the said recited Act, which are not valued in or by the said recited Verdict and Decree, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, and for ever thereafter, be, re-rnain, and continue, vested in such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and to, for, upon, under, and subject to such Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Conditions, and sRestrictions, -as the same would have been if the said recited Act had not been made; any Thing herein, or in the said Act, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notv/ithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said recited Act mentioned to be situate in the County of Southampton, and vested in the -said Charles JVoifran Cornwall, and the said other Persons therein named, and their Heirs, and every Part and Parcel thereof, wirh their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be continued vested in the said Charles JVoifran Cornwall and the said other Persons, and their Heirs, to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes, in the said recited Act mentioned and expressed.

fran Cornwall, tec. (Kill continue vested in the same Persons,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of the before recited Act, or any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action and Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Action or Suit shall have arisen, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in all such Actions and Suits may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of the said Act, or in pursuance of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, then, and in either of such cases, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon any Demurier, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, in each of the Cases aforesaid, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs in other Cases by Law.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

1,500,000l.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

WHEREAS the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, is an ancient, large, and populous Town, confiding of three distinct Wards; and by reason of the large Fairs and Markets held therein, and of the many extensive Trades and Manufactures carried on in the said Town and

Liberties, as well on account of the Commerce and Intercourse with North Wales, as of the Navigation on the River Severn, and the Contiguity to and Connexion with several great Works earned on in Places adjacent to the said River, several Thousands of Persons are employed, many of whom contract small Debts, and (although well able) refuse to pay the same, to the Loss and Prejudice of their Creditors, and to the great Detriment of useful Credit within the said Town and Liberties: And whereas an easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said Town and Liberties would greatly tend not only to suppress the abovementioned Inconvenience, but also to promote Industry, and to sup- port useful Credit May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commfc. Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants of the Town of Shrewsbury for the Time being, the Commissioners ers appointed, of the Land Tax for the County of Salop for the Time being, residing within and adding for the Town

and Liberties of Shrewsbury aforesaid, and all other Persons from Time to Time resident within the said Town and Liberties, who shall respectively in their own Right, or in the Right of their Wives, be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements; or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of thirty Pounds above Reprizes, or po{Veiled of a personal Estate of the Value of six hundred Pounds over and above their respective Debts, shall be, and they are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as are herein after mentioned j and such Commissioners and their Successors are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Style of The Court of Requests for the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop; and they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to meet, assemble, and hold the said Court in the Guildhall of the said Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County of Salop, on the first Wednesday in July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, which said Meeting shall and may be adjourned to and until that Day Fortnight i and all subsequent Meetings of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall be,

[Preamble.]

and constituted a Court.

384

For Want of a Sufficient Number to a£>, the Court to be adjourned to another Day.

Power of the Coreuni&oncri.

Clerk and Serjeant appointed*

Commissioners,

Victuallers, See, not to bold any Place of P/ofit.

Clerk to fix a List

of the Commissioners in the Court of Re-«}!}{*fts i to issue Summ .'nfVc, and icgifter Oiaera.

Serjeint to feive Precepts,

Person j may sue for Debts under

40 s.

Now Process ilKe.

On Payment of the whole Debs and Fee at the Time of fervinf, furtbe r Proceedings frail beilop-ped.

Comrr-i flionera may regulate the Proceedings of the Court j

C. 73. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii i III. A.D. 1783.

and are hereby directed to be held in the Guildhall at Shrgw/hury aforesaid on every IVedtufday Fortnight throughout the Year; but no Court shall be held on Chnfi.t.as-Duy, and when Christmai-Day shall happen on a Wednesday, the Court shall be holden on the next preceding Day.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case three or more of the said Commissioners shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any Day or Days appointed for holding the said Court of Requests, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Cleric of the said Court to adjourn the same to and until the Court Day then next following, and so toties quoties, until a iuSicicut Number of the said Commissioners shall be assembled for holding the said Court as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner?, or any three or more of them, from Time to Time assembled as aforesaid, shall Inve Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Dtbt as shall be brought before them in Manner herein after mentioned, and to give tuch Judgements, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such Execution thereupon, with Costs, both against "the Bodies and the Goods and Chattels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgement, Order, or Decree, as to them shall teem just, a:xl mod agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and if the Commissioners io assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner present, whose Name shall precede the Names of the other Commissioners in the Lilt of Commissioners herein after directed to be kept in the Guildhall aforesaid, shall have the casting Voice.

IV. And be it further em&ed, That Peter Vaughan, of the Town of Shrewdury% shall be, and he is hereby constituttd and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests; and that Edward Needham, of the Town of Shrewfoury^ shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court; who shall iefpe<Stively continue Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court of Requests so long as they shall behave themselves well in their respective Offices.

V. Provided always, That no Commissioner, nor any Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House, Ale-house, or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Beer, Ale, Cyder, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Place of Clerk, or any other Office or Place of Trust or Profit belonging to the said Court.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk herein-before named and appointed, and his Successors, shall from Time to Time make, and cause to be fixed up in some conspicuous Part of the said Court of Requests, a Lir and compleat Lift in VVriling of the Commissioners author ifed to put this Act in Execution; and also shall, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to issue or cause to be issued out all Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to register and enter, or cause to be registered and entered, all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, and other Act and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books, to be by him and them provided and kept from Time ro Time for that Purpose; and that the Serjeant of the (kid Court of Requests herein-before named and appointed, and his Successors, shall, from Time to Time, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and require to serve and execute, or caused to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things* as are directed and appointed to be by him done and performed in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, Thar, Torn and after the second Day of%July, one thousand seven hundred and eigh:y-thrce, it shall and may be lawful to and for ali and every Person and Person® whomsoever, who now hath or have, or that hereafter shall or may have, any Debt or Debts not amounting t<* forty Shillings, and exceeding two Shillings, due or owing.ro him, her or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever inhabiting or tefiding within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury aforesaid, or either of them, or trading and dealing, or locking a Livelihood therein, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court, who shall immediately make an Entry in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Names of the Parlies, and the Sum demanded; and dull thereupon make out and deliver a Summons in Writing under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, specifying the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or Debtors to appear at a certain Time and Place before the Commissioners of the said Court tfl answer such Demand; and the Serjeant of the said Court shall forthwith serve, or cause the said Summon® to be served, upon such Debtor or Debtors, either personally or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing or Working of such Debtor or Debtors within the Town or Liberties aforesaid; and the said Commissioner s, or any three or more of them, (hftl, upon Proof made of the serving of such Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make Enquiry concerning such Debt or Debts, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgement, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall appear mod just and equitable; and the same shall be observed and performed in all Respefls, as well by the Plaintiff as by the Debtor or Defendant.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That in case such Debtor or Debtors, on being served with such Summons, shall forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, into the HanJs of the Serjeant or the Creditor, or to his or her Agent, the Whole of the Debt due and owing, together with the Fees payable to the Clerk for Entry and Summons, and the Serjeant for serving the same, the Receipt of such Serjeant, Creditor, or Agent, for such Debt, shall (top all further Proceedings of the said Court against such Debtor or Debtors.

IX. And for better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court of Requests, and rendering this Act effectual for the Purposes thereby intended,’ be it enacted, That the Commissioners of the said Court of Rtquefh, or any seven or more of them in Court assembled, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73. $85

Act, from Time to Time, anti as often as they shall see Occasion, to make such Rulesjmd Orders for better regulating the Pr2<ftice of the said Court as to them ft\all fetin necessary and conducive to the more effectual Execution of the Purposes of this Act, so as that the said Ru»cs and Orders shall be consistent with Equity, and do not tend to create or establish any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, but do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said Court only; and so as a true Copy of such Rules and Orders, fairly written and signed by the Clerk, be foith-with fixed or hung up in some publick Part of the Guildhall, and be confirmed by seven or more of the Commissioners assembled at some subsequent Meeting to beheld, not sooner than one Month next after the making such Rules and Orders; according to which Rules and Orders (o from Time to Time to be made and confirmed, the said Commissioners, oj any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to bear and determine all Matters of Debt, not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings, and exceeding two Shillings, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgments and Decrees concerning the same, and award such Cods of Suit as to them shall appear agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

X. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more folcinn Determination of all causes and and administer Matters, which shall be depending in the said Court of Requests/ be it further enacted, That it shall and Oath*, may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any thiee or more of them assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer, or cause to be administered, an Oath or Affirmation to such,

Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons whomsoever, whose Evidence shall, to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them assembled at the said Court, appear neceilhry, and at their Discretion, to the Party or Parties,

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly summoned as Cemrmffionm, aforesaid, shall without good Cause (to be allowed by the said Court of Requests) refuse or neglect to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in such Summons, that then it shall and may be lawful proceed

to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof made upon Oath of the ex pane$ Service of such Summons in Manner herein-before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall seem meet.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Day of the Return of the Summons, or at any Con- a°d on tinuation or Adjournment of the said Court of Requelb, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand to the Satisfaction of the said Court, may twafd" it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the costs j Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of Debts and Costs ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of m*y*wari them, shall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and m3y be lawful to E«cuuon$ and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execution either against the Body

or Goods of the Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, and thereupon it (h.dl and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, at the Dtlirc of the Party or Patties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to ifthe a Precept under his Hand and Seal to the Serjeant of the said Court, who by virtue of such Precept, issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is hereby impowered and lequired to take and apprehend. or cause to be taken and apprehended, such Party or Parties (being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court), and to convey him, her, or them, to the Gaol of the Town of SbrnvJJ.ury, there to remain and commit the until he, she, or they shall perform and obe'y such Order, Decree, or Judgement, so as no Person shall Party, remain in Confinement upon any such Execution for a longer Space of Time than six Weeks; and such Serjeant, by virtue of such Precept, illhed upon Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party,

shall and may, and he is hereby impowered to levy, by Distiefs and Sale of the Goods of such Party (being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court), such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs as shall be so ordered and decreed; and if the Party 2gainst whose Body or Goods such Execution shall be awarded, and such Precept shall issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or Effect of such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon due Proof thereof made by the Oath.of the Serjeant, or of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Difcruiun, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of such Party or Parties, and a Precept shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the Serjeant in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties at whose Suit such Execution shall be issued out shall be fully paiJ and fathfud.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enadhd, That no such Execution awarded against the Goods of any Execution

Party or Parties shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive any Landlord or Landlords of the Power awarded again# vested in such Landlord or Landlords, by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Goods, not to Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants), prejudice Laad-of recovering one Year’s Rent by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act. cr s*

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners or any rhree or more of them, shall, If Defendant* at any Time, upon the reasonable Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defend- make ^"ulf m ants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by Installme«ts, chat then, upon £^"?B eou*rt~ the first Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or W2y a^d Exe-any three or more of them assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, cution for the and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part wh©u Debt, ucm

cOO

386

On E'refution, Clerk to icdorfe Debt and Coits.

In what Cases Execution i'hail be. supers^ded.

., S*rieant fufter-ing an Escape, or Goods to be re-movrd, to pay ;pcbt and Costs,

Ho Attorney or

Solicitor to plead or have Privilege in the Court,

Penalty uom Personj acting Commissioners, if not duly qualified.

Commissionen 40 be sworn.

£Rie Oath,

Jaole of Feet,

Clerk's Feei,

C. 73. Anno vicesimo tertio Georg 11 III. A.D. 1783.

thereof as shall then remain unpaid (as the Case may happen to be), together with such further Costs 3# to them shall seem reasonable, to be recovered by the fume Prccefs, and in like Manner as is herein-before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Precept to be i/fiied upon any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk, upon issuing the same, shall let down in Wriling, in Words ,at Length, the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered and decreed to be paid,; and if the Party or Parties against whom Inch Execution shall be awarded, shall, before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they is, are, or shall be taken and apprehended, or bcfoie the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid or tendered, to the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over such Debts and Cods to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in the Book or Register of the said Court for such Debts and Costs, and also the Sum of two Shillings for Gaol Fees (in case such Party or Pai ties shall have been commitred to Prison); then and in such Case and Cases the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Bodies and *Gnods of such Party or Parties shall thereupon be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant of the said Court of Requests, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neglect, cau(e or suffer the Party, against whom such Execution shall be awarded* to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party or Parties to be carried away or secreted, so as such Execution shall not have its full Force and Effect, it shall and may.be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them aft'embled in Court, upon Complaint and due Proof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Wit nets or Witness'es, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded to the Tarty complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by such Ways, Means, and Methods as are herein* N before provided for the Payment of Debts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, "That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor of any Court of Equity.shall be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement of the Laid Court of Requests, or be admitted to appear in the said Court as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate, ia Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant in the said Court of Requests.

XIX. ‘Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person not being qualified as herein* before mentioned shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act, the Person so offending shall, for every Offence* forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record *\. Westminster \ and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Adh

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commit* fioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath or Affirmation to the following Effect; that is to say,

T / S. do swear or affirm :(as the Case may be], That I am now seised of or well intitled to Lands,

A Tenements, or Hereditaments in Possession, of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, clear of all Incum- brances; or that I am podefied of a personal Estate of the Value of fix bundled Pounds over and above my Debts, so as to qualify me to act as a Commissioner to put in Execution an Act of Parliament for the more easy and speedy Recovery of j'wall Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrew fbury, in the County 4 s/*Salop; and that will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the btft of my Judgement,

hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought b;foie me by virtue of tnc said Act#

without Favour or Affection, Prejudice.or Malice, to either Party.

So help me God'

Which Oath or Affirmation the Clerk of the said Court of Requests is hereby impowered and required ta adrr.inifter in open Court; and shall enter or cause to be entered a Memorial thereof in the Register of the said Court.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Fees herein after limited and expressed shall be, and are hereby authorised and allowed to be demanded and taken by the Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court of Requests, and their respective Successors, for their Services in the Execution of this Acts that is to £ay;

To the CLER K:

For entering every Cause, Sixpence:

For issuing every Summons, Sixpence:

For every Subpoena, Sixpence:

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Three-pence;

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence:

Tor every Order, Judgement, or Decree, Sixpence:

For a Nonsuit, Sixpence:

For every Search in the Books, Three-pence:

Tor paying Money into Court, Sixpence; if by Installments, Sixpence in the Pound morel Tor taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Bjoks, Sixpence:

For every Attachment, Sixpence:

Jror every Execution* Sixpence;

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73. 387

For every Warrant to apprehend a Person for an Insult, or Misbehaviour in the Courts or to the Commissioners, Clerk, or other Officer of the same, one Shilling.

To the SERJEANT:

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within the Town or Suburbs of Shmvjlury, Serjeant's Fcet< and attending the Court with the Return thereof, Three-pence; if out of the said Town and Suburbs*

Two-pence more for every Mile from the Guildhall (the Distance to be ascertained by any three or more of the said Commissioners):

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, one Penny:

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, against the Body or Goods within the said Town or Suburbs, one Shilling; if out of the said Town or Suburbs, Three-pence more for every

Mile:

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent, to Prison, if apprehended within the said Town and Suburbs, one Shilling; and if apprehended out of the said Town and Suburbs, Three-pence more for every Mile.

A Table of which Fees shall from Time to Time be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court of Requests in some conspicuous Part of the Guildhall, so that all Persons concerned may peruse and inspect the same.

Provided always, that one Moiety only of the several and respective Fees aforesaid shall be demanded or taken in any Cause or Action for the Recovery of any Debt not amounting to five Shillings.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or Power to vary any thirteen or more of them-, from Time to Time, if they shall think fit, upon ten Days previous Notice the Fccs* affixed upon the Door of the Guildhall aforesaid, to lefTen or reduce all or any of the Fees herein-before

limited and allowed to be demanded by the Clerk and Serjeant respectively, so that the same be not reduced to less than one half of the several and respective Sums herein-before particularly mentioned (such Reduction of Fees being confirmed at the next Meeting of the said Commissioners) *, and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, from Time to Time, upon the like Notice, to advance all or any of the Fees so lessened or reduced to any Sum not exceeding the several and respective Sums herein-before mentioned and expressed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court of Requests for the Pfniltfjr on t«-Time being, or any Deputy or Person by either of them employed, shall demand and take any greater or greater Other Fee or Reward than what is herein-before mentioned and specified for his or their Service respectively

ki the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for every such Offence, forfe it and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall act'efs and impose; to be paid to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor Of the Parish or Place where the Person or Persons paying such greater Fee or Reward shall live and reside, and by them applied to the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court of Requests shall Clorki and Ser.

be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than such

as are herein before specified and alDwed to be taken, or otherwise offending in the Execution of their respective Offices, so as to merit a greater Punishment than is before provided that then, upon Complaint

and due Proof thereof made upon Oath or Affirmation in open Court, the Commissioners, or the major Part of them then fitting, are hereby impowered and required rocause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned by an Advertisement to be inferred in the Shreu/bury Chronicle, or some other publick Newspaper circulated in the said Town, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the Commissioners present at such Meeting (not being less than thirteen in Number,) shall and may examine and consider the Matter of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, or the major Pait of them, that such Clerk or Serjeant has been guilty of any Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid, in his or their Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part’ of them then assembled, to dilmi s cr remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his and their respective Offices of Clerk or Serjeant in pursuance of this Act, and to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person to be Clerk or Serjeant in the Room and Place of the Person so dHmiffed or removed as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen, that the Place of Clerk or Serjeant Election of new of the said Court of Requests shall become vacant, either by Death, Resignation, or in consequence of Clerks and Sa* Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, the said Commissioners for the irre being shall be summoned by Jcant'* Advertisement as aforesaid as soon as may be after such Vacancy, and they or any thirteen or more of

them, who shall meet together in the said Guildhall, not sooner than four Days after such Advertisement, are hereby authorised and required to chuse, by ATj ,rity of Voices taken by Ballot, another fit Person to be Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court during his good Behaviour; and the Clerk and Serjeant so reflectively chosen and appointed shall be, and he and they is and are hereby veiled with the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, as the CErk and Serjeant hereby named and appointed isvand are inverted with.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Minute Books, Readers, or other Books and Papers, or other Matter or Thing of and belonging to the said Court of Requests, which shall be in the Hands or Possession of any Clerk or other Officer of the said Court, (had be deemed and are hereby-declared to be the Property of the Commissioners of the said Court for the Time being; and in case any Clerk or other Officer of the said Court shall rtfign or be displaced from his Office, or any Executor, Administrator, or other legal Representative of any Clerk or other Officer who shall die, dial), for the Space of four Days next after Notice in Writing signed by any three or more of the said Commissioners, given to or left at the usual Place of Aboje of such Clerk or other Officer, or his or their Executor, Administrator, or ether legal Representative neglect or refuse to deliver and give up all such Books ants

Book*, &c. veil* rd in Comtnif* fionert.

388

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

Clerk tnd Serjeant may appoint a Deputy.

Commissioners not to act where interested*

Penalty on Per* fom infuliing the Court*

Copy of the ore-cedirfg Cliufe ro be put up in the Court.

Gaolerto receive Pe lions commuted.

Penalty on De-(auit*

C. 73-

A.D. 1783.

Papers, or other Matters or Tilings as shall be in his or their Custody or PoflVffion, to such Person as the said Commissioners shall by such Notice order and appoint to receive or possess the same, he or they shall for such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with full Coil's of Suit, by Action of Debt, 13.11, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster% in which noF.ffbin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Impjslance, shall be allowed.

XXVII. And in order to prevent any Delay or Obstruction. which may otherwise happen to the Pro- ceccings and Dufiness of the said Court of Requests by the Sickness (or other Cause of Absence) of the Clerk or Serjeant, be it further enacted,’ That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court for the Time being to nominate and appoint some proper Person to perform and execute the Office of Clerk or Serjeant in his or their Absence; and such Nomination or Appointment, being signed by any three or more of the said Commissioners (in Meeting assembled), shall be, and is heresy declared to be sufficient Power and Authcriry for the Person or Persons so nominated and appointed to execute the Office of Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court, and the Clerk or Serjeant so nominated and appointed shall hive the like Power to ad in the Execution of the Purposes of this Act, as is vested in the Clerk or Serjeant herein-before named.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person (being a Commissioner of the said Court of Requests) shall be Party to or interested in any Cause depending in the f.iid Court, such Person shall not be capable of acting as Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein; bur, after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw from the said Court until the same is finally determined, or in Default thereof shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; and if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court for the Time being shall be a Party to or interested in any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or Serjeant shall not exercise his or their Office or Offices in the Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds; but such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively in his or their Place or Stead, shall be, and is or are hereby verted with full Power and Authority to execute the Office of Clerk or Serjeant in all Things telating to such Cause; which said respect'tive Penalties of ten Pounds, and five Pounds, shall be immediately paid to and for the Use of the Person or Persons with whom such Commissioner, Clerk, or Serjeant, shall have such Controversy; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall be levied and recovered, by Dirtrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Commissioner, Clerk, or Serjeant, in such Manner as any Penalty by this Act imposed for Insults or Offences committed against the Commissioners or Officers of the said Court of Requests is herein after directed to be levied and recovered.

XXIX. And, for better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be made by the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests, and vesting the said Commissioners with proper Power and Authority to punish any Insult or Abuse offered to themselves, or the Officers of the Did Court ;* be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the Commissioners or Officers of the said Court of Requests for the Time being, during their Sitting in the Did Court, or in going to or returning from the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or at any Time aftlonr, insult, or abuse, hinder or obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obllrubl, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct, any Officer of the said Court in the Execution of his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them then fitting (or, if not then fitting, at the next Court to be then-after held), to cause a^Warrant to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court, directing the Serjeant to apprehend and take, or cause the Person or Persons so offending to be apprehended and taken beforcone or more of his JVJajeffy’s Justices of the Peace residing in and acting for the said Town and Liberties; and upon the K?£t alleged against him, her, or them, being proved by the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or VVirnclles (which Oath and Affirmation respectively such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby impowered and required to punish the Person or Persons so offending by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be applied; and if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, or to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Gaol of the said down of Shrewsbury* there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they, shall have paid the said Fine.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Cie/k of the said Court of Requests for the Time being shall fix up, or cause so be fixed up from Time to Time, in some publick Part of the Guildhall, a trueCopy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to the Find that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Common Serjeant of the Town of Shrewsbury or Keeper for the Time being of the Gaol of the said Town, or his lawful Deputy, shall and may, and he is hereby impowered, required, and commanded, to receive and t2kc into Custody all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to (land committed, by any three or more of the said Commissioners in Court assembled, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process issuing out of the said Court of Requests; and in case the Common Serjeant or Keeper of such Gaol, or his lawful Deputy, shall negleifl or refuse to receive and take into his Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which any Person or Persons fb?M be committed to his Custody, discharge, or wilfully permit or suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant, Order, or Authority, for that Purpose in Writing, signed by three of the said Commissioners in Court

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

C. 73. 389

assembled, every such Common Serjeant or Keeper, or lawful Deputy, offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing within* and acting for the Lid Town and Liberties, upon the Oaih or Affirmation of one or more creuiole Wit-mis or Witnesses (which Oath and Affirmation respectively the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administerj, or on his own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor k fs rban forty Shillings, at the JJifcretion of such

Justice or Justices; and such Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person so offending into the Hands of the Justice or Justices before whom he shall be convicted, or in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by Dili refs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices; which said Forfeiture, when paid or levied) shall be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be applied.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall be committed to Gaol by virtue of Prisoners for

tuy Execution or Process issued in purfuar.ee of this AiSt for the Recovery of any Debt or Costs, the Person DcI)t ro be al*

or Persons at whose Suit such Execution or Process shall issue, shall pay and allow to the Person committed T^whiic

the Sum (it Two-pence a Day for every Day he or {lie shall continue in Gaol upon the same Execution or

Process, towards his or her Subsistence; the same to be paid to the Common Serjeant or Keeper of the said

Gaol, or his lawful Deputy, for the Use of the Person lo committed; and in case any Default shall be made in the Payment of the said Sum of Two-pence a Day for any one or more Day or Days, and due Proof (on Oath or Affirmation) of such Default shall be made to the Satisfaction of any Justice of the Peace re-iiding within, and acting for the said Town and Liberties (which Oath and Affirmation respectively such Justice is hereby authorised and impowered to administer), that then it shall be lawful for the said Justice to oider and diiecfc such Prisonerto be forthwith set at Liberty, and such Person shall thereupon be discharged from the Payment of the Money for which he or she shall have been so committed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit for any Debt not amounting to the Sum of No Aftlon for forty Shillings, and exceeding two Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Re- Debt ^curable quests, fit all be brought against any Person or Persons residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, brou hfin° in any of his Majesty's Court? at IFeJhnlnJier; and no Suit that shall be commenced in the Lid Court of any ©ther Court# Requests in pursuance of this Act, or any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any other

Court whatsoever; but the Judgements, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and in case any such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other Court (except in the Court of Record for Pleas for the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, or in any Court Baron or Manerial Court within the Town and Liberties aforesaid), and it shall appear to the Judge or Judges of such Court that the Debt to be recovered by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs doth not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings, and doth exceed two Shillings, that then such Judge or Judges shall award so much ordinary Coffs to be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to the Defendant or Defendants, as such Defendant or Defendants shall prove in Court to have really and bona fide expended in the Defence of such Action or Suit.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, Th at this A cl, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to To wh»t Debw any Debt for Rent upon any Lease, or Contract or Agreement, where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, this Act shall or Hereditaments, can or may come in quession, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor to any Debt aotextend. that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any Will or Testament, or concerning Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for Money won at

or by Means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any other Kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon any Penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt whereof one third Part or upwards shall have been contracted on a Sunday or Sundays, except in Physick or Surgery, or Case of absolute Necessny; nor to any Debt concerning which there hath not been a Contract, Acknowledgement, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the lame, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons making Oath, or giving Evi- pfnally for wII-dence in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of Requests, shall commit wilful and M Pujjry, corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Person or Persons shall incur and

suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable, or shall be subject to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person residing within the Jurisdiction of the said Penalty on dif-Court, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons issued out of the said Court of Requests 10 °‘'y,nSlhe give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refute to appear pursuant ro such courT"*0* r"c Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due proof shall be mad of (tie Service °ur

of fm h Subpoena or Summons, and noCaulc of Absence be shewn or alhgned to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners prerent at the Court whereat such Person was by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath or Affirmation shall be made before the said Commissioners by the Party at whose Inftunre. and on whose Behalf, such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served therewith was a material Wicntfsin Behalf of such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled in Court, to impose or 1 iy a Fine not exceeding fifty Shillings nor less than five Shiff-ngs* to be levied f if not immediately pud on Demand,) by Dffrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chanel^, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Corn mi limners, or any three or more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied, Aval I be paid over to th? Party nt whose Instance Inch Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Finefh.di be imposed by virtue of this persons nrf n3y. Ach on any Person or Persons, for refilling or neglecting to appear and give Evidence pursuant to such Sub- in*-w?V nr im-

Pcera or Summons issued from the said Court of Requests, and no Goods and Chattels of such Person or for dir-ersons can or may be found sufficient to levy the Penalty so imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sum-

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit every ’ 1 ? e

Vou XIV. Part III. E e c such '

39°

Nothin* in tV.i» A <4 to aftVft the Courr of Record

for Pl-jj at

Shrewsbury.

Ianvt.rion of Actio.i*.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble.]

Tr*m Aug. 31, 3783, the Importation Duties on plain Muflias, &c. to cenc. Kew Duty,

Dray-back to be aliov-e-i on exportation of loch Goods,

New Duty to be

p.od applitd, an* Du* tack to be J] we 1, in the same M inner, *Bd ubjed :o the

Jim* (relations, a‘ the for met Duties and Drawback, Continuance of HiiJtft,

C. 74. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

such Offender to the Gaol of the said Town, there to remain for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to aher, change, take away,

annul, or prejudice, the Court of Record for Pleas within the Town and Liberties of Sbrcivjhiry aforesaid, or any manorial Rights, Privileges, Franchises, or Jurisdictions to the same belonging, or to the Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors within the said Town and Liberties for the Time being; but that the same shall be, remain. olid continue in as full and ample Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, as if this Act had lie cr been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary the cofin anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty- Days Notice thereof shall be given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person against whom such Action or Sun ffijl: be intended to be brought (speccifying in such Notice the pirffcular Cause of Action), or after fuffunmt Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or unless such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next alter the Cause of Action shall atife, and not after wards; and shall be laid in the County of Salop, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Auth irity of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before <he Expiration of twenty Days after such Notice shall have been given, or after Lender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place, then, and in either of the said cases, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit d or ddcontinue ftuh Action or Suit, or if upon a Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall be given agnnff the Plaintiff or Plaintiff'?, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble O ffs, and shall have such Remedy for ihcfame as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in any other Case by Ljw.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and (hah be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon plain Muslins, unrated Muslins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths.

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce the Duties payable upon the Importation, and the Draw-backs allowed upon the Exportation, of certain Species of Muffins, Callicoes, and Nanquin

Cloths, for a limited Time, as a Means to discourage the pernicious Practice of Smuggling those Articles into this Kingdom, which has been lately, and is now carried cn, to the Great Lois of the Publick Revenue, the Detriment of the East India Company, and the fair Trader May it therefore please your RTjesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s mi, ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the thirty-first Day of August% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and during the Continuince of this Act, the several Rates, Duties, and Impositions, payable upon the Importation r f plain Mullins, unrared Mullins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths into this Kingdom, shall cease and determine, and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in lieu and instead of the several Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, a Duty of eighteen Pounds per CVon the giofs Price for which such Goods shall be sold by the Candle at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, without any Discount or Deduction whatsoever.

IH. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Exportation of any plain Muff ns, unrated Muslins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths, from this Kingdom into foreign Part?, which fh. 11 be sold at the Sales of the said United Company after the said thirty-fi ft Day of August, one thousand seven huncred and eighty-three, in lieu and instead of the former Drawbacks heretofore paid and allowed upon the Exportation of such Goods, the^e shall be paid and allowed to the Exporter thereof, a Drawback of 1'en Pounds per Centum, and no more, out of the Duty paid or payable upon the Importation of such Goods in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty granted by this Act fh.dl be r^iicd, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and the Drawback hereby granted shall be allowed aril paid, in the same Manner and Form, and shall be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Securities, Rest fictions. Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects (except where any Alteration is made by thus At\) ot th^ former Duties and Drawbacks were subject and liable 10 by any Act of Parliament now in Po.ce, in a? lull and ample Manner, to all intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Securities, I. d r ctions. Penalties, and Forfeitures relative thereto, were again repeated and reenacted in the Body or thh pretent AcU

V. And it b he: "by funner enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force until the thirty-first Day 0i August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven*

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C,75, 76. ' 39l

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; and for granting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the Growth of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of three Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late JpCltjjot 21

Majesty, ami in the tenth and nineteenth Years of his present Majestys Reign, for granting a Bounty on certain J°* *cap*

Species of British and Irish Linens exported, /aBritish and It ilh Linens, Britishi Calicoes and Cottons, or Cot-

ton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, or flaincd in Great Britain, and to Buckrams and Tilletings, exported

during the Time therein limited \ and for taking off the Duties payable upon the Importation Gf that Species of

Blue called Smalts), it is, among other Things, enacted, That, during the Continuance of the said recited Acts, no Subsidy, Custom, Rate, Duty, or other Imposition whatsoever, shall be demanded, collected, received, or taken, upon that Species of Blue called Smalts, which shall be imported into this Kingdom: And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as took oft' the Duties on that Species of Blue called Smalts, should be repealed \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act shall, Par* °^e rc-

from and after the first: Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, be, and the same is *Jcd IC‘

hereby repealed and made void 5 and all such Blue, called Smalts, which, from and after the said first Day

of August, shall be imported or brought into any Part of Great Britain, shall be subject and liable to the same Duties and impositions as they would have been subject and liable to if the said recited Act had not been made; any Thing the rein, or in any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding,

II. And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (in- m

tituled, An Act to explain an Act, made in the twelfth Tearcf the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, 9

44. An Act for prohibiting the planting, Jetting, or sowing of Tobacco in England or Ireland, and to permit the ' ‘

4< life and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited Time, under certain Re- jfridtions"), it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the like Duties should be paid for such To- bacco as were due and payable upon the Importation of such Tobacco of the Growth and Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America: And whereas there is not any Provision made in the said re- cited Act, for granting any Relief to the Proprietors of such Tobacco, in consideration of the inferior Quality thereof, or any Accident or Defect that may happen in the Growth or Culture of such Tobacco,

so as to render the lame not marketable or worth the Duties imposed thereon ;* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Commissioner* Majesty's Customs at Edinburgh, or any three or more of them, to allow, and order to be paid, to the c* Cuf-oms »c Owner or Proprietor of such Tobacco, out of any Revenue under their Management which is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, a*-the Rate of Four-pence for every Pound Weight of such Tobacco, for of bTc Toimcco which the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall refuse to pay the full Duties imposed by the said recited Act; 4<j. per pound provided such Tobacco shall be given up by him to the proper Officers of his Majesty's Customs, to be ionh'fimr, publickly burnt, or otherwise totally destroyed by such Officers; any Thing in the said recited Act to the a,id 0, Jle ,f to contrary notwithstanding. bc bumt| kc*

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wines in this Kingdom, and to prevent the relanding of Refined Sugar entered for Exportation, to obtain the Drawback or Bounty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Regulations prescribed by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to prevent Wines, imported into any of the Out forts of this R"c^ioj Kingdom, being afterwards brought into the Port of London, or Parts adjacent, without paying the London *a

Duty) i and several other Laws heretofore made to prevent the clandestine Running of Wine into this Kingdom, have not been sufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, such illicit Practices being lately much increased, and are now carried on to a great Degree at several of the Out-ports in this Kingdom, to the Diminution of the Publick Revenue, and the Prejudice of the fair Merchants For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may bc enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the From Sept. first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Wine of any Sort, inanyHogf- T7N3,noW:ne head or other Cask whatsoever, shall be removed or carried, either by Land or by Water, from any Out- to bp ^mev.-d port. Creek, or Haven, in Great Britain, not being within the Limits of the Port of London, to any other Town, Port, or Place whatsoever, within the same Kingdom, without a Certificate first had and obtained any

from the Collector and Comptroller, or the Chief Officers of the Customs at or nearest to the Town, Port, other Part of or Place, from which such Wine is intended to be so removed, certifying that the Duties due and payable King’om, *»th-for such Wine had been paid at the Port or Place of Importation, or that the same was Wine fold for Sal- f a PrcP" c

392

Oaths and Certificate* to be administered, See, by the CoUedor, Sec,

AH Wine removed without Certificate, &c. shall be forfeited, with the Cattle and Carnages removing the same.

In case of Dispute relative to removing Wine, See, Proof to lie on the Claimer.

Penalty on Person* sweanng fajfely,

and on forcing or altering Cet-tificatci. Sec,

From Sept, I, 178}, no Drawback to be allowed on Exportation of British refined Sugar, unit-fa parked in Cefks of six hundred 'Weight, Arc. Exception. Exporter, 4 c. to give Bond, in Trtole the Amo int of the Drawback, for the due Exportation of kch Su* par.

All Suj*.ar so en-11red, which shall not be exported, shall be fors' ited,

with the Vrfll*l, Arc.

Penalty on Per-fou: assisting in

un-hipping cr iclauding thereof.

Bonds to rema'n li-ut Year* in

C. j6.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

vage, or that the same had been compounded for or condemned, as the Case may be; referring to the Tim? when, and the Place where, such Wine was entered, fold, compounded for, or condemned, nde<p riling the Quantity and Soit of Wine, with the Marks of the Package thereof, to wine Place, anu to w o n the same isconsigned, and by what Carriage, and by whom the lame is intended to be koiov-J; which Fads shall be verified by the Oath of the Importer or Proprietor of such Wine; and if the \\ iis to be removed by Land, the Certificate shall also express and limit the Time for which such Certificate shall shall continue in Force-

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Oaths and Certificates hereinbefore required, shall and may be administered and granted by the Collector and Comptroller, or the chief Officers of the Customs, irt the Manner before directed, without Fee or Reward.

without Fer,

III. And it is hereby further ennded by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wine shall be removed as aforesaid, or found removing, without the Certificate herein-before required, nr shall not agree therewith* all such Wine, and the Casks or other Package thereof, together with the Horles, Cattle, Carts, Waggons, Boats, Barges, and all other Carriages whatsoever, employed, or in any ways made use of in the removing, carrying, or conveying of such Wine, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and after Condemnation, disposed of and divided in such Manner as the like Goods may for any other cause of Forfeiture be seized, prosecuted, disposed of, and divided, by any Law in Force.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wine shall he seized for being removed, or for being found removing, without such Cerificate, or any Cattle or Carriages shall be seized for removing, or for having been uled in removing such Wine, and any Doubt or Dispute shall arise whether such Wine hath or hath not been removed, or is or is n at removing, or such Cattle or Carriages hath or hath not been used in removing thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, and not upon the Officer who shall seize or flop the same.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Fads herein-before required to be sworn, such Person or Persons shall, on Conviction thereof, suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury; and if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any Cerificate required or directed by this Act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any Certificate so forged, counterfeited, erased, altered, or falhfied, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise as shall sue and prosecute for the same in any Court of Record at lVejhninJ}ery or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively.

VI. And whereas the large Drawback or Bounty allowed upon the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain into foreign Parts, hath been and may be an Encouragement to fraudulent Traders to reland such Sugars in this Kingdom, after the same hath been entered outwards for Exportation, in order to re-

ceive the Drawback or Bounty thereon;* for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of September^ one thousand l’even hundred and eighty-three, no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed upon the Exportation of any British refined Sugar, unless such Sugar shall be packed in Hogsheads, or other Casks, each of which shall contain six hundred Weight Avoirdupois of such Sugar at the least, and shall not be packed in Bags, Boxes, or in any other Packages within such Hog (lie ad or Cask; except such Sugars as shall be exported to Africa, or any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and shall be packed in Iron-bound Puncheons or Oiks, each of which Puncheons or Casks shall be capable of containing one hundred Gallons of Liquor, or mote; and the Expo: ter or Proprietor of such Sugar, together with the Master of the Vesselon Board of which the fame shall be entered for Exportation, shall, before the shipping thereof, give Bond to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation (which Bond they are hereby impowered to take in ths Name and to the Use of his his Heirs and Successors). in'Preble the Amount of the Drawback or Bounty on such Sugar, for the due Exportation thereof (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted); and that such Sugar shall not be brought back or relanded, or unshipped to be relanded, in Great Britain, the J/leof Man% or the Blands of Faro or Ferro: And if such Sugar so entered for Exportation, (h ill not be bona fide shipped and exported on board the Vessel in which the same shall be so entered, ut it such Sugar, after the Shipping thereof, shall be brought back into this Kingdom, or be reland .*d, or unshipped with an Intention to be re-relanded, in thL Kingdom (unless in case of Di ft refs to lave the Ship from perishing, or by Order of the Commissioners, or principal Officers of the Customs), such Sugar, together with the Ship or Vessil from which the same shall be unshipped, and the Boats, Vessils, and all other Cattle and Carriages whatsoever used in the landing, removing, carrying or conveying of such Sugar, shall be forfeited and h>ft; and every Person who shall bring back, or who shall cause or procure such Sugar to be brought b^ck, or shall he af-sifting or otherwise concerned in the bringing back, rdanding, or unshipping such Sugar, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come, after the same shall be brouaht b u k, reLnded, or unshipped, or by whose Privity, Knowledge, or Direction, the saul Sugar, or any Par: thereof, shall be brought back, re-hnderi, or uniiipped, fiull f/rfeit Treble the Value thereof: Which said Forfeitures and Penalties shall and may be prokcuted, lued for, and recovered, by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and, after Condemnation, disposed of and divided in such Manner and Form as the like Goods and Penalties may be sued for, p-ofecuted, recovered, disposed of, and divided, by any Law in Force.

VII. A nd it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hit the Bonds bcrdn-before directed to be taken for the due Exportation of such Sug*r, shall remain undischarged in the Hands of the Officers

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77.

who took the same for three Years from the Dates thereof; and in case no Prosecution shall be commenced for some Breach or Non-performance of the Conditions thereof within three Years after the Dates of such Bonds; or if, upon such Prosecution, Judgement be not obtained for his Majesty within the Space of two Years after the Prosecution is commenced, such Bonds shall be void, and shall be cancelled, but not otherwise.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and shall give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff shall discontinue his Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him upon Demurrer or other wise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

WHEREAS t is of Consequence that the Manufactures produced from the Raw Materials of Flax

and Cotton, employing and maintaining great Numbers of his Majesty's Subjects, should bepre-

served, promoted, and encouraged, but which are now greatly obstructed by the high Duties payable 011 1 Sope, Starch, and other Articles necelfirily employed and consumed therein;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*four, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons in the manufacturing of Flax or Cotton, and bringing the same to a fimshed State for Sale, or in any Part of the Process or Progress thereof, and who shall employ, spend, and con-fume any Quantity or Quantities of Sope or Starch, in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing of Flax or Cotton to a finished manufaduie for Sale, or in any Part of the Progress of the same (excepting Sope employed, spent, and confirmed in whitening new Linen in the Piece for Sale, the Drawbacks on which shall be and remain the same as by any former Act or Acts of Parliament), or to and for his, her, or their Overseers or Chief Workmen employed under him, her, or them, in those Works, or any of them, at the End of each Year from the Date of the Entry herein after directed to be made, or within six Months thereafter, to make Proof determined by the Oath of the Person or Persons who shall so employ, spend, or consume the said Sope or Starch, or of his, her, or their Overseer, or Chief Workman, before the Collector or Superior of Excise of the District or Division, or either of them, where Sope or Starch, or either of them, shall be so employed, spent, and consumed (who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same); which said Oath shall specify the Kinds and Quantities of the Manufactures so made, prepared, whitened, or finished, and the Days between which, and the Places where the same were lo made, prepared, whitened, or finished respectively, and the Quantities and Kinds of the Sope or Starch which wese actually employed, spent, and consumed therein; and that m> Allowance or Drawback, by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, was before made to such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or f ir his, her, or their Benefit, of the Duties payable for the Sope or Starch so specified in such Oa h, or any Part thereof and that upon the making of every such Oath, the said Collector of Excise, out of the Money in his Kinds which shall have arisen for the Duty upon Sope, granted determined by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of_her late Majesty Queen Anns (intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all So pande Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and fh'ipcd Linens impvted; and u! on certain Siiks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuff's, printed, painted, or pained; and upon several Kinds of Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements f for raising the Sian of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds by nay of Lottery, tovrards her Maie/lys Supply; ant for licet jin* an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better fe-cunng her Majesty's Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp-duties by Licences for Marriages and other'id ft; and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lotte/y Tickets in due Time, or have l:ti Exchequer dills, or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of tloe Capital of the South Sea Company) for the Vjeof the Publick; and continued by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay ff Principal and Inter ejl cn the Orders made so'th on four Lottery Acts, pafful in the ninth and tenth Years of her if e M d pfs Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders cut of the Hereditary Excise, according is a soma r Act in that Behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities at Je-veral Rates, to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England and redeemable determined by Parliament; but a Jo to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal and Arrears of In* Ur ejl in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this Act? are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on Linfecd imported, and Biitdn Linen exported); shall, and is heiehy authorised and required forthwith to pay to the said Manufacturer or Manufacturers a Drawbick of the Duty on Sope, at the Rate of three Farthings for every Pound Weight of Hard Sope, and thre: Fartrings for every Pound Weight of Soft Sope, which shall be used and consumed in preparing and finishing ail Manufactures from Flax or Cotton for Sale (except such Sope as shall be used in whitening new Linen in the Piece, in order for Sale); and the said Collector, out of the Money in his Hands which shall have arifin for the Duties upon Starchy, shall, and is here by authorised and required to pay to the said Manufacturer or Manufacturers,a Drawback of the Duties on Starch, at the Rate of one PennyHalfpenny for every Pound Weight of Starch which

393

the Officer! Hands, &c.

Persons futd fot ex»*cuti. g this Act} tiv pVad the Oner3f 1*1 nr, d shall be entitled to Tieble Costs,

[Preamble.]

From Jan. r, 1784, Manu-

hdu-e's of Fine and Cwtton, &c# to m.-ke Oath, b fore a proper Office*-, of the Quantities of so.*e and Starch consumed by them in ea h respective Manufacture, &c.

Cvdic^r r, out

ot ilit- M ney in h'r. Ha o> f t the Duty on Sope, cr^nte ! by 10 Annie, cap. 19 j

and continued by 3 Geo. I. cap. 7.

fh.tll pjv to such Manufu^'irers a a D-aw back 00 ail Sope so uiei j

(Exception ;)

and out of the Muncy in his Hands of the Duiiec on Starch, a Drawback cn allSurch lo uied«

39+

If Collector Ml n,f bavi Money sufficient in H iH, he is to. certify the same to the Commissioners, &c.

Manufacturer, or his Chief Workman, to produce an Account, upon Oath, of the Sope and Starch tiled by him in his Manufactury, in the preceding Year and to keep a';o a weekly Account;

to b? produced to the Officer on. Demand, See,

Where there is

a furerint* nding Own r, and an Overseer, each shall prod, ce their Accounts, on Oath brtore

ihe ColUdlor.

Import afiort Duties on Brimstone and Saltpetre, conlu red in making Oil of Vitriol, to be

C. 77. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 17*3-

shall be used and consumed in preparing and finishing all Manufacture$ from Flax or Cotton for Sale

(except (itch Starch as shall be used and consumed in finishing new Linen in the Piece for Sale) 5 and the said Cc llttftor, out of the Money in his Hands which fhuil have aiifcn for the Duties upon Starch, shall and is hereby authorised and required to pay to the said Manufacturer or Manuta&uiers Three-pence for every Pound Weight of Starch which shall be used and consumed in finishing new J^in»*n in the Piece for Sale: And in case the Collector shall not then have Money sufficient in his Hands to satisfy such Payments, that then, and in every such Case, the relptciive Commissioners of the Excise in England and Scotland for the Time being, upon a Certificate thereof from the said Collector (who is hereby lequired to make and sign such Certificate), shall, and are hereby authorised and required forthwith to cause such Payment to be made out of any Monies anting from the Duty on Sope, granted by the said Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and continued by the said Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and out of the Duties on Starch respectively, without any further Delay.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Chief Workman employed in any Manufactory of lfiax or Cotton, in order to be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, shall produce an Account from his Books, upon Oath, of the Sope and Starch purchased by him for the Use of his Manufactory, specifying from whom the same was purchased, the Quantity actually given out to be used and consumed for the Year immediately preceding, and the Amount of each different Species of Goods, either raw or manufactured, in which the said Sope and Starch respectively has been used and consumed; and provided that each and every Manufacturer of Flax or Cotton, or his or her Overseer or Chief Workman, fhdl, and are hereby obliged and directed from Time to Time to keen an Account of all such Sope and Starch respectively as shall be employed, {pent, and consumed in e ich Week, in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing of FLx or Cotton to a fiirftied Manufacture for Sale; and shall once in every Week enter in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, an Account of the Quantity or Quantities of Sope and Starch so employed, spent, and consumed in eion Week respectively, and also of the particular Species of Manufacture in which such Sope ';nd Starch lh ill have b'^n employed, spent, and consumed; which said Book, so to be kept by each Manufacturer, or his or her Overseer or Chief Workman, shall ac all Times, when demanded by any Officer of Excise, be produced to such Officer, to be by him perused and inspeeded, the beret to prevent unjust Claims of the Drawback by this Act granted of the Duties on Sope and Srarch; and that once in every Ye^r, or ar the Time that the Manufacturer shall apply for the Drawback of the Duties granted by this Act, the Lid Book ill nil be delivered to the Collector of Excise, upon the Oath of the Pe son who kept the lame, and made the Entries therein, of the Truth of such Entries, which Book shall deleft and remain with fjcb Collector

III. Provided also, That whue there is a luue'inrending Owner, and likewise an Overseer or Chief Workman, each shall, within six Months after Te E \ piration of the preceding Year to which their respective Claims apply* p.oduce their Accounts fn O tth befiuc the find Collector of Excise, who is hereby rtqui. d and impowered to administer such Oa.h; which Oath shall be in the Words, or to the Eifea, following:

Oath for the Owner, or Supernrcmding Agent or Manager.

{A\ B. Owner, or one of the Owrersy or Sup°i intending Manager, of the Work carried on at

unce; the Name or Fnm of do solemnly swear. That the

AbstraFf hereunto amr:x«vi a just anr true Accounr of the Quantity of Sope ami Starch respective-

ly purchased by me for the U;e o; the 1 mi Work under my Management, of the Quantiry delivered out to the Overseer f r Confurnp* ion, an-i o* the Q.j:>nM'y of ouch dirFerent Species of Goods upon which the said Sope and Starch has u cd ano consumed Dcm the Day of

to the fXy of and that, to the best of mv Knowledge and Belief,

the said. S perml Starr h has bum rb-irgt d with, and thatihe Duty chargeable t hereon has been duly paid; and thar nether i he wh Je tior any Parc of the said Duties have been before drawn back or allowed, to the belt of my Knowledge and Belie!.

So help me GOD.’

Oath for the Overseer-

I A.B. p incipal Overseer of the Woik carried on at under the Name or

Finn of co Idrmn-iy /wear, That the Book of Account which I now ex-

hibit contains a just and true Account < f the Quantity and Quality of the Sope and Siarch respectively empl \ed, spenr, and consumeu in each Wrtk, in me preparing, bleaching, or whitening Flax or Cot- ton, from the Pay of foihe Day of

and that the* fime was actually u(ed an J consumed i;j preparing, bleaching, whrening, or finish-

ing Flax or Cotton GootMor S.jIc, and not for private Use; and that neither the Whole, nor any Part of the said Duties, has been before drawn back or allowed, to the belief my Knowledge and Belief

So 'help me GOD.'

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Duties of Customs, payable and chargeable by an Act or Acts of Parliament on the Importation of Brimflone and Saltpetre, used and confirmed in making Oil of Vitriol, shall be repaid and drawn back on the Oath of the Maker of such Oil of Vitriol at the End of the Year from the Date of the Entry herein after mentioned, or within six Months thereafter; ar c) a Ccruivate or Debenture shall be given by the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs of the Port or District within which such Brimstone and Saltpetre fnali have been used and consumed in nuking Oil of Vitriol, equal to the Duties and Customs paid upon the Importation of such Biimftone and Salt-.pure; which Debenture shall be paid by the respective Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scot-

1 land,

295

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.

M'nnf*Clunn of Flax and

Co'to.i, and A1 <keis of Oil

»n \ Places of Anode *utn the ColJeltori of Fx-'ciieand CuAomi.

Penalty on Office's takin F

land, our of the Money in their Hands arising from the Duties on Brinftone and Saltpetre: Provided always, That the Maker of such OiJ of Viriol shall produce a Certificate, fresh the CoJLdor or Comptroller of the Customs where such Brimstone and Saltpetre was iiitpoued, of the same having paid the Duties charged thereon.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar no Manufacturer of Flax or Cotton shall claim or receive any Benefit from this Act, unkff h-; shall have enteud his Name and Place of Abode with the Collector of Excite of the Col eel inn or District wherein <uch iManufac-turer shall carry on his Manufacture, at lead one Year before m«kng his Claim, andfh.il, in such En*ry, ot vuncl, ocn-specify the Articles upon which a Drawback is to be claimed; and chat no M^ker of Oil of Vitriol shall ter thrir Nann claim the Benefit of this Act, unless he shall have entered his Name and i lice of Ah >de with the Collector of the Customs of the Port or District within which his YV<rk shall be carried on, at least one Year before his making his Claim, and shall, in such Entry, specify the Articles upon which a Drawback is to be claimed,

VI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, flinlj be required, demanded, or tak'.n, from any of the said Manufacturers, r their Overffers or chief YVo k-men, for making any of the Payments of the said All wanct-s or Drawback' for S pe and Starch con- of M-nufaetu-fumed in the said Manufactures, or Drawbacks on Brimstone and Saltpetre, or ror making or taking any ^writ^ ^cii of the said Oaths, or granting any Certificare relating »hrreto, except six Pence for Writing every such ^ah

Oath or Certificate; upon Pain that* any of the said Officers offending therein (bail, for every such Offence, pay Treble Damages to the Party aggrieved, besides Coifs of Suit, to be iecuvered in such Manner as any other Penalties heicin-after mentioned.

VII. And, for the better preventing Frauds and Abuse« in obtaining the Allowance* and Payments herein-before mentioned,1 it is hereby further enacted, That if any Manufacturer of Flax or Cotron, or his or her chief Workman or Overseer, or superin ending Manager, or any Maker of Oil of Vitricl, shall, in the Oath or Oaths herein-before diretfted to be taken, (wear any Ma'ter or Thing that shall be false and dntrue, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, h:s H; i r s or Successors, such Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered, to wit, one third Part thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other two third Parts thereof, wirh Cuffs of Suit, to the Use of the Informer or Prose* u*or; and if such Person or Persons shall again offend in the like Kind, and be thereof duly convicted in any Court of Record at IP’cJhninster, or in any of the Courts of Scotland, every 1u» h Person shall, lor every fubllquent Offence, fufter such and the like Pains and Punishments as in Cases of wiifu) and corrupt Perjury.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Th.it if any Manufacturer of Fiax or Cotton, or his o, her chief M^ou-

Workman 01 Overseer employed in keeping the Book, in wnieh are required to be entered the wvek'y [^urer» nr h:# Consumption of Sope and Starch respectively, fi.all swear any Matter or Thing that find) he f Ifi* and untrue, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and be thereof duly convict d in any of the Courts aforesaid, such Manufacturer, chief VYrorkman, or Overffer, shall, for the fift Offence, be committed to the Common Ga d of the Coumy, City, or Place, where the Offender shall be convicted, therein to remain for any Tune not exceeding fix Month*; and for every (ubfequ^nt Offence, fhaJ suffer such and the like Pains and Punishments as in Cases of wilful and coirupt Perjury.

and for a Second OA'erec, fufTcr as in Cases of coirupt Perjury*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue to be in Force Continuance for and during the full Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of oftblsA* Parliament.

Manufacturers

(w~4T /I5» Mftdy

tn the Ujfhs be-fire rren'ionrtd, to fojfcit jcoi.j

and frr a Second (sfY nee,

Ai »ll luiVcr as in Cales of C'^rruDC P-rjury*

W 'fk ran keeping thr Account ot h' weekly Consumption of Sope, Sec Awll Iwrar fYlely, be Aw 1 te com-tn\ ted for 6 Months;

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chcarfu'lv granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and gnnt to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted. See.9

2,200,000l. granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year; Treasury iropowe'ed to raise the Sum of 2,200,0:0l. or any Parr thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Sinking Fund. Ail Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act to have a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money, with Intend. Orders to be re- gifteied in Course. No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages, with full Costs. Penalty of undue Preference in Point of Registry or Ptymem. Auditor, iffc. neglecting his Duty, liable f r Damages, to be recovered at Westminster. No un- due Preference in the registering, where Orders are brought the same Day; nor if fuhliqucnr Orders are paid before others not brought in Courie, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Orders Or- ders may be assign-d. If it shall be judged more advilcab'e, the Treasury may raise rh° said Sum by Exchequer Bills i *stead of Loans; and the Bills in such Case to be made in the Manner prescribH by the Land Tax Ad of this Session. All Advantages and Penalties in the Land Tax Act of this Sciiion, relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this Act. The said VJ

C. 78. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

u said Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, are ro he paid out of the Sinking Fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of 2,20~,oW; notwithstanding an Act of 5 and 6 Gul.if? Maria. li The Sum of 46,707l. or 5 d. remaining in the Exchequer; and i 11 r. \<d paid in by Sir Robert

Ci Taslov, tfe. fhaj) he applied towards making good the Supply All Monies paid into the Exchequer in pursuance of the Lottery Office Act 2z Geo. III. shall be applied towards defraying the Expence of the Lottery 17-3. 68,745l. 5 s. %d. remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General, out of Monies

voted for eighty Independent Cumpani s of Foot, for 1382, shill be applied towards defraying extraordi*

nary Expences of Land Forces, &c. from July 31, 178:, to Feb. i, 178'%. A Sum not exceeding

44 8,647l. 15 St +d. remaining (as above-mentioned) shall be applied towards defraying extraordinary Expences of LanJ Forces, tyc. from 'Jan. :i, 1782, to Feb. I, 178’. The Monies arising by the Land

16 Tax, Malt Tax, Loans, (1,020,00: /.) Lottery Act, further I,cans, (1 ,^02,0->c /.) 46,7(7 /. 7 d. re-

maining in the Exchequer j 1/43l. 'u. ted p*id into the Exchequer by Sir Robert Taylor \ and

4t 2,200,00 I. by this Act granted out of the Surpluses of the Sinking bund; shall be applied (with the

Residue of the Monies anting from the Sale of French Frizes, &c. to the Ufts ft llowing:

44 14.*. 3 d. towards Nav^l Services; 630,612l. 12l. to d. for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, for " 178’,; 819 2 .,/. 2 s. <)d. for ditto, not provided for, in 1782; 5,597,257 /. qs.cd. ?q. towndsmain-41 taining the Land Forces G/c; of which 456,904l. 1 qs.cd, for defraying the Charges of 54/7^6- fective Men, including Officers, and 1,15; Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, OV. in Great Britan:, fcc. for 121 Days; 310,623l. 16*. td for Forces and Garrisons in Africa, and Gibraltar. 15,361l. 175.2//. for General ai:d General Staff Officers, for 121 Days; 1 5,0^1 /. 10 s. for Advance Fay to Dragoons and

4C Foot in the Fuji Indies; 165,118/, 105. lor defraying the Charge of the Militia in South Britain, tdc.

for co Days; ji,i 0/ 16 s. id. for defraying the Charge of four Regim- msof Foot from /reland, iz:.; 44 25,120l. 35. 1 d. for defraying the Charge of five Provincial Corps in America, for 121 Days; 96,9-2l. 44 1 ~ 11 d. to the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital; 28,17l. 11 s. od. zq. for three Hanoverian ILt- talions at Gibraltar; .(7,203l. ns. icd. for 13,47’ Troops of Hejfe Cajfl, Sec.; 62,158l. 12s.$d. iq. 44 for 2,257 Men of the Troops of Hamm, See.; 93,047l. 15 s.fid. ior 4,30: Bnwf views, Sec.; 17,498l. 44 3 s. 2 d- 3 q. fora Regiment of If aided:. Sec.; 51,501l. 19l. id 1 q. for 1,781 Troops of Brar. detourz Anfpach; 23,818l. i 1 s. 11 d. 1 q. for 933 Troops of Anhalt Zctbfl; 3,; 17/ 14l. qd. zq. to make good 44 a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of Hefje Cujjcl, for 1-8:; 6,419l. qs. qd. to make good 44 a Deficiency in the bums voted for the Troops of Bratulcbouy o Anfpach \ 27,683/, 14 j for defraying the Charge of Artillery for foreign Troops, for 1783; 18^,891 /. is. 6d. for 41,755 Men, including Officers and Invalids, for Guards and Garnfons in Great Britain, Sec. for 61 Days; 15;,8 j8/ 14l. 6d. for Garrisons in Plantations, &c. for 61 Days; 0,320l. 13s. 0d. for two Hanoverian Battalions of Foot, for 18: Days; 308.2;-/. o s. 3 d. for 17,483 Men, including Officers, GrY. for 185 Diys; 40,241l. 141, for eight Battalions of Foot, for 183 Days; 136,888l. 11 s. 6d. for extra P'orces serving abroad, for 183 Days; 38,0^0/ 14.s. $d. for five Provincial Corps in North America, for 183 Days; 205,5427.12l. for Forces and Garrisons in Plantations, &c. for 183 Days; 8,137l. for full Pay to Commissioned Officers reduced, Uc. 2,760l. ns. 3 d. for General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for 61 Days; 8,131 /. 13l. 8d. for ditto, for 18? Days; i, S;c /. for 200 Letter Men of Chelsea Hospital, for *iS; Days; 77,985l. 5l. 10//. for reduced Officers of Land Forces, Use.; also 47,50c/. for ditto; i^ocol.

for Half pay to Provincial Corps; 5-4l. 18 s. 4 c/. for Officers and private Gentlemen of Horse Guards reduced, &c. i M 13l. qs. for Officers late in the Service of the States Genera); 62, 211. 15l. bd. zq.

for Extraordinaries of Land Forces fmee fan n, 1782, GY. 296,507l. 14l. 3d. zq. for Extrnordina- ries, GY. from fan. 51, to Alarch 25, 1782, GY. 34?, 4 A. 5l. qd. for Extraordinaries, GY. from Aptil 9, to AW. g, 1 "82; 1,2-0,526l. 0l. 2d. \q for Extraordinaries, G*c. from wy 3/, 1782, to 44 iv/n 1, 1783; 60,coo / towards a separate Effi.hMhrnent for the Prince of [Idles; 1,5 0,6:0l. for paying off the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act of Lilt Session; 1, ;o;,oco[ for paying off other Exchequer Buis of I aft Session; 1,000,0 of for pa>ing off the Exchequer BifL made out by vir- tue (I the Vote of Credit of last Session; 4 5,0 of f r paying off other Exchequer Bills of hfl ScflDn;

44 11,236l. 4 s. issued in purfinnce of Adressis of the House of Commons: ^co/, towards carrying on the Buildings atSomer/ct Ihufe; 5,91;/ qs.; d. for supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scctitt;

44 3,950l. for the Civil Establishment of East Florida; 4,9*0l.: s. id for Salaries due to Civil Officers of Well Florida; 3,150l. for the Civil Effitlffiffimerit of the Jlbnd of St. Johtr; 3,340l. for Salaries of Civil Officers of Georgia; 2,1-0l. for Salaries of Civil Officers of Scnrgan.lia; 1 j,n o/, for maintaining Forts on the Coast of Africa; 7,500l. for the Commissiona s of iffiblick Accounts; .',52 9l. 10l.

44 ( </. on account of new Roads, &c. in the Highlands of Scotland; 76,8 9l. 16l. ' d for Relief of American Civil Officers; 10,00^/. for completing Newgate; 5,000l. for affixing the Levant Company; 4,949l. 7l. 5 r/. for making Compensation for certain Lands, CV. near Chat-raw; 1, 06l. 15l.

for the Officers of the Board of Wr rks, ff/c. for surveying the Damages occjfinned by the Riots in 14 1780; 1.1,432l. 'J. 3f/. issued to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining Convicts, ifc.; S i. for new paving certain Streets in I! cjhn:n/ier; 46,4. 4l. ox. nr/, to mike good the I), firicncy of a Fund for

4i paying Annuities granted by an Act '» II.; i6v9> / 8l. 8^/. q to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuiri.s granted determined by an Aiff 1 > GV^. III.; 63,888/ 8 <. q d, 2 q to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by anA<ff 19 Geo. IJL; 141,871/ ~d iq.to 44 make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted in 20 Gn III.; 138,68.7. 17l.

c to nuke g^od the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuirie< granted in n Gn III; and :8:,.o:/

44 2d. to make good the Deficiency of the Giants for the Year 1 82. The Lid Aids to be applied only to the Uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the Application of the HAf-pay. By an Act 44 22 Geo II!. a Sum not exceeding 77,595/ i s. id. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers.

Overplus Monies, above satisfying said Officers, to be difpnfed of to Officers who were manned, Gc> u in the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direct."

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79. 397

of

10 Geo. I, cap* IQ*

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for the further encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, in His Majesty's Islands and Plantations in America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee,

Recital of

€ £*00 AWj, Chocolate, Pajle, imported $ granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof \

and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready-made, and Cocoa Pajle \ and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, imported \ and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carnwath), ic was amongst other Things enabled and declared, That, in lieu of certain Duties,

then payable by former Acts, an Inland Duty mould be charged and imposed upon all Coffee to be sold in Great Britain, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

twenty-four, after the Rate of two Shillings ier Pound Avoirdupois; and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, which then remained parable / to his Majesty for the same, upon the Importation thereof: And whereas by an Act, made in the Fifth 5 Geo.

Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee C1P*4«

in his Majestfs Plantation* in AmericaJ, after reciting the re was great Reason to believe, that the Soil and Climate of the Island of Jamaica, and other British Plantations in America, weie proper for the Growth of Coffee; and that great Quantities of that Commodity might be produced in the said Plant- ations, and from thence imported into this Kingdom, if Encouragement should be given for that Purpose, to the great Advantage of this Kingdom, and of the said Plantations; therefore* for the en-

couraging the Growth of Coffee in the said Plantations, and the Importation of the same into this Kingdom, it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of Marche one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, all Coffee of the Growth or Product of any of the Britip Plantations in America should, in lieu of the said Inland Duties of two Shillings per Pound, pay an Inland Duty of

one Shilling and six Pence, and no more, per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity; and that the Persons nominated and appointed, by virtue of the said therein and herein first mentioned Act, to manage and collect the said Inland Duty arising thereby, should, and were thereby impowered to take and receive the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence per Pound Weight,

and no more, for all Coffee of the Growth and Product of the Brttip Plantations: And whereas the lowering the Duty on Coffee, the Growth and Product of the British islands and Plantations in America,

would {till more encourage the Growth of Coffee in the said Islands and Plantations, if the Duty on Coffee, the Growth and Produce of those Islands and Plantations, should be further lessened :* Now, therefore, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all Coffee, of th^ Growth and Produce of any of the British) Islands or Plantations in America, shall, in lieu of the said Inland Duty of one Shilling and six Pence per Pound Weight, pay an Inland Duty of six Pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or kfler Quantity; and the Persons nominated and appointed, by virtue of the said herein first mentioned Act, to manage and collect the said Inland Duty to arise thereby, shall, and are hereby impowered to take and receive the Sum of six Pence per Pound Weight, and no more, for all Coffee, of the Growth and Pro- ^0UtlV|inftet* duce of the said British) Islands or Plantations above mentioned; any Thing in the said Act to the con- f,*e tr3ry notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Duty of six Pence per Pound Weight Avoir- The fafd Duty dupois, shall be applicable to the Uses and Purposes contained and declared in the said Act of the tenth to be applicable Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First 5 and all Officers employ-d in managing

»nd collecting the same, and all Persons importing, felling, buying, or dealing in such Coffee, shall be ,on€ 'n subject to the Rules, Limitations, Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, to be prosecuted, received, and divided, in the Manner thereby prescribed and directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Rules, Regulations,

Authorities, Directions, Methods, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, which, in and by the said Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, are provided, settled, or established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, regulating, or recovering, adjudging, or afeerwining, the Duties thereby granted, shall be exercised, applied, uled, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying* collecting, mitigating, recovering, ascertaining, and paying, the said Duty upon Coffee, hereby imposed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents 19 and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Regulations, Authorities, Directions, Me-thods, Clauses, Penalties, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the JBody of this present Act.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That all Coffee, so to be brought from the said Islands or Plantations, shall be imported in such Packages, and in such Manner, and under such Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeiture*, as in and by an Act, made in the fifth Year of his present a m and uiHler Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the better securing, and further Improvement, of the Revenues of RrguU-Customs> Excise, Inland and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man; tion», at men-and for allowing the Importation of everal Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said island, under cer~ oon'd Atk tain ReJlriCiions and Regulations), are provided and required. # 5 Geo»

V. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable ut )on Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting cer- Geo. IIU

from }*.

PTodMte of th* British ttlandi. Sec, in America, to pay an Inland Duty of 6d. per

Act 10 Geo. I,

All the Powers, Regulations, Sc*9 for raising and recovering the Duties granted by Act 5 Geo. IT# shall be appli-

Coffee imported from the said Islands, Scc. to be in far h Pack-

39»

*9 Gte. UI» «F

an*11 Geo. III.

From Jan. $, 17S4, Cocoa Null, the Produce of the British 1 Hands, Sec. In America, to pay an Inland Duty of 6d. per Pound, iadcad of l«.6d.

The said Duty to be applicable to the Parpofet contained in the Act of 2 j Geo. III.

From Jan, 5, 17*4, no Cocoa Hots to be pot 00 Board any Vrfltl, In the British Islanda, tec. in America, until the Planter thereof, Scc. hat made Oath that they are the Produce ©fhii own Plantation; such Oath to be produced to the proper Officer before Entry of the Nutt, and another Oath to be taken*

Master of the Vessel also to be ftrorm

Certificate! of such Affidavit! to be produced to the proper Officer at the Port of importation.

, 79. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

tain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof \ for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present SeJJwn of Parliament, with rfpeft to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act), it was enacted, That there should be answered and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Cocoa Nuts then already, or which should thereafter be imported into this Kingdom, over and above all other Duties then already payable for the same at the Custom-house, an Inland Duty after the Rate of Eighteen-pence each Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, subject to the additional Impost of five Pounds per Centum, and of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, are granted to his Majesty by two several Act, the one made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management ojthe respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain); and the other, made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain): And whereas the present high Duty upon Cocoa Nuts may operate to the Discouragement of the Planters:* Now, for encouraging the Growth of Cocoa Nuts in the said Islandi and Plantations, and the Importation of the same into this Kingdom, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of January, all Cocoa Nuts of the Growth and Produce of any of the British Islands or Plantations in America, shall, in lieu of the said Duty of Eighteen-pence each Pound Weight Avoirdupois, chargeable by the said Act, pay an Inland Duty of Six-pence per Poun4 Weight Avoirdupois, and no more, for each Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and in that Proportion for % greater or lesser Quantity; and the Persons nominated by virtue of the said recited Act of the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty, to manage and collect the said Duty of Eighteen-pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, shall and are hereby impowered to take and receive the Sum of Six pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and no more, for all Cocoa Nuts of the Growth and Produce of the British Itlands and Plantations above mentioned; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Duty of Six-pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupois shall be applicable to the Uses and Purposes contained and declared in the said Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and all Officers employed in managing and coliefling the famq, and all Persons importing, felling, buying, or dealing in, such Cocoa Nuts, shall be subject to the Rules, Limitations, Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, to be prosecuted, received, and divided, in the Manner thereby prescribed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of

January, no Cocoa Nuts shall be suffered to be put on Board any Ship or Vessel in any of his Majesty's Islands or Plantations in America, until the Planter or Grower of such Cocoa Nuts, or his known Agent* shall make Oath or Affirmation in Writing, before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in or nearto the Place where the said Cocoa Nuts grew (which Oath or Affirmation such Justices are hereby impowered to administer), that the same is actually of the Growth and Produce of such Planter’s or Grower’s Plantation, lying in the Diftri#, Division, or Parish of within the Island or Colony of

; which Oath or Affirmation shall be produced to the Collectoc* Comptroller, and Naval Officer, or any of them, by the Person or Persons who shall enter or ship such Cocoa Nuts, before the Entry and shipping thereof for Great Britain % and such Person or Persons shall likewise make Oath or Affirmation before the said Officers, or any two of them, That the Cocoa Nuts then to be shipped are the very fame Cocoa Nuts, and no other than what are. mentioned in such Oath or Affirmation of the Planter or Grower, or his known Agent, as aforesaid; which Oath or Affirmation the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, at the Port where the said Cocoa Nuts are to be loaded, or any two of them, are impowered to administer; and the said Collector and Comptroller, and Naval Officer, are hereby required to deliver a Certificate of such Affidavit or Affirmation, under their respective Hands and Seals, to the Commander or Matter of such Ship or Vessel on board of which the said Cocoa Nuts are to be shipped; and the Matter, or Person having Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, before clearing his Ship or Vessel, also make Oath in like Manner, that he has received such Cocoa Nuts on board his Ship or Vessel, and that he has no more or other Cocoa Nuts on board his Ship or Vessel than such for which Proofs shall be made as aforesaid, and that he will not take or receive any more Cocoa Nuts on board before his Arrival in Great Britain, and making a Report of his Lading the re; for which Affidavit or Affirmation and Certificate, the said Collector and Comptroller, or Naval Officer, shall receive, as a Fee or Reward, the Sum of five Shillings, and no more; and all Certificates of such Affidavits or Affirmations shall, by the Commander or Master of such Ship or Vessel importing such Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, be produced by such Master, or Person having Command of the Ship or Vessel, to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where such Ship shall unlade, at the Time of making his Report; and shall at the same Time deliver to such Collector and Comptroller a Certificate, under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, of the Port or Place where such Cocoa Nuts shall have been shipped, or any two of them, testifying the particular Quantities of such Cocoa Nuts which shall be so laden, and of which such Proofs shall be made as aforesaid, specifyin^ the Package or Packages in which the same is contained, with the particular Marks, Numbers, and Weights of each Package; and the said Master shall likewise make Oath, or, if he be one of the People called Quakers, solemnly affirm before them, that the Cocoa Nuts in the said Certificate or Certificates mentioned were truly taken onboard, as in the said Certificate or Certificates is exp/eded* and that after his Departure

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80. 399

Upon Entry of such Nats at the Custom-house, each Parcel shall be marked, to denote they are the Growth of the Brit i/h Plant* ationc, ftc.

from the Place or Places where such Coaccra Nuts, mentioned in such Certificate or Certificates, were laden, he did not take on board, or permit to be laden on board his said Ship or Vessel, either at Sea or else where, any Parcel or Parcels of Cocoa Nuts, and that all the Cocoa Nuts onboard his said Ship are mentioned and set forth in the said Certificate or Certificates; and, upon the Entry of such Cocoa Nuts at the Custom-house, and paying or securing the several Duties then due thereon, a Mark shall be set on every Parcel, denoting it to contain Cocoa Nuts of the Growth of the British Plantations, and where and by what Ship imported 5 and thereupon such Parcel or Parcels of Cocoa Nuts, so marked, shall be lodged in a Warehouse or Ware-houses,^ pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and the Importer or Proprietor of any Parcel or Parcels of Cocoa Nuts, or any other Person who shall be employed by such Importer or Proprietor to make an Entry with the Receiver or Collector of the said Inland Duty, shall deliver to the said Receiver or Collector the said Certificate or Certificates of the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Growth of the said Cocoa Nuts in the British Plantations, made before the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, together with the said Oath or Affirmation made, as aforesaid, by the Matter of such Ship or Vessel at the Port where such Cocoa Nuts were taken on board, together with the Oath or Affirmation, or a Copy thereof, made by the Planter or Grower before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace there, in the Manner before directed; as also the said Certificate of the Package, Marks, and Numbers of the Cocoa Nuts, so laden on board 5 which said Certificate or Certificates, Oath or Affirmation, shall remain with the said Collector or Receiver of the said Inland Duty.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commander, or other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel, shall take in, or permit or (utter to be taken in, at any of his Majesty's said Islands or Plantations in America, or at Sea, or in any Creek, Harbour, or other Place in America, or shall land, or futter or permit to be landed, out of any Ship or Vessel in any of the said Islands or Plantations, any Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any foreign Country (except such Cocoa Nuts as shall be regularly exported from Great BritainJ, on Pain of forfeiting all such Cocoa Nuts, and the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and likewise shall suffer twelve Months Imprisonment > such Forfeiture to be sued for, recovered, and adjudged, in any Court of Record in any of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, or in any of his Majesty's Islands or Plantations; and what shall be recovered in pursuance of this Act, in any Court of Record in any of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, shall be paid, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall intorm and sue for the same $ and what shall be recovered in the said Islands or Plantations shall be divided, oneTbird to his Majesty, one Third to the Govemor or Commander in Chief, and the other Third to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall falsely make any Oath or Affirmation, by this Act directed to be made, and thereof shall be legally convicted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Lritain, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty in any of the said Plantations where such Offence was committed, such Person or Persons, so guilty, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and be imprisoned fot the Space of twelve Months; and if any Person shall forge or counterfeit a Certificate of the said Oath or Affirmation, or shall publish such Certificate, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, and shall be legally convicted thereof in any of the Courts aforesaid, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and such Forfeiture shall be paid, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, to be recovered and divided as is before directed and appointed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties by this Act imposed on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, the Growth and Produce of British Islands and Plantations, shall be subject and liable to additional Duties or imposts of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, severally imposed by the Acts respectively made in the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, Upon the Produce and Amount thereof; and that such additional Duties or imposts of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, shall be raised, levied, coileded, and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules and Regulations, Powers and Authorities, Ways, Means, and Methods, as the said additional Duties or imposts are by the said Acts of the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Yeats of his present Majesty's Reign, directed to be coileded and paid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing by him or them done or executed by virtue Aaion,‘

of or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by Authority of this Act; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given Against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties and Possessions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

Penalty on Co*» Bunders who fluU take on beard, or Jandr in America, flee. any CoeoaNuts of foreign Growth* (Exception.)

Application of Penalties*

Persons fwetring falsely under this Act,

or forgleg t Certificate, &c.

fiuUfbc feitaool*

The Duties by

this AO imposed on Coffee sod Cocoa Nuts, Ault be liable to the additional 5 per Cents. granted by three Atfl of 19, ii, end xx Geo. UJ.

[General Issue.]

Treble Cost*}

WHEREAS, during the late unhappy Dilientions in America, many of your Majesty's faithful

Subjects have, in consequence of their Loyalty to your Majesty, and Attachment to the British

PreaoU*

Fff a

Government.

400

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

Commissioneri

appointed for enquiring into the Losses and Service! of the American Lnyaliftr. Commissioners to be sworn*

The 0»<*t

Commissioners may e a amine

Parties on Oath.

Commissioners to meet at the Office of the late Secretary for A m erica.

Their Powers.

Persons who deliver in fraudulent Claims, to be excluded from any Compensation.

Persons wilfully giving false Evidence, to be liable to the Pc-nairies of corrupt Perjury.

Limitation of the Time for res civ-ipg Claim.

C# Sos

A.D. 1783.

Government, and their Obedience to your Majesty's Proclamation, and various other Proclamation*

and Manifestoes, issued by your Majesty's Commissioners, Generals, and Governors, suffered in their

Rights, Properties, and Professions, insomuch that several wel)-deserving Persons are reduced from ,4 Affluence to Circumstances so straitened as to require the Aid of a temporary Support, which has been allotted to them by the Commissioners of the Treasury, by annual Allowances made, and occasional c Assistance by Sums of Money given to them from the Revenues of your Majesty's Civil List, the Amount of which has hitherto been made good by Parliament^ and your faithful Commons, not doubting but that your Majesty's most earned Endeavours will be employed for procuring from the United States of America Restitution of, or Recompence for the Estates and Efiefts of those who have thus unhappily suffered, and intending to give all due Aid and Assistance to those who may return to America foe the Recovery of their former Possessions under the Provisional Articles, and to extend such Relief to others who may, by parti— 4 cular Circumstances, he deprived of that Advantage, a* their respective Cases may require, and the Publick afford; to which End, it is necessary that a diligeni and impartial Enquiry should be made into the Losses and Services of all such Persons as may, within the Time herein after limited for that Purpose, claim or request such Aid or Relief a6 is hereby intended to be givenWe pray your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Wilmot Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke Esquire, Colonel Robert Kingston, Colonel Thomas Dundas, and John Ma'Jh Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissi mers for enquiring into the respective Losses and Services of all such Person and Persons who have fuss-red in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy DiiFentions in America in confluence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

II. And be it further enacted, That any three Commissioners in this Act named, before they enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or one of his Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer (which they, or either of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer), in the Form following; that is to say,

T A*B> do swear. That, according to thebeft of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially* and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act (intituled, An Act for

appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Lcffis and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions^ during the late unhappy Disfentions in America, in confluence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government"), according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.*

And every other of the said Commissioners in this Act named, shall likewise take the same Oath, before the said three Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any" three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to examine, upon Oath (which Oath they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer), all Persons whoni the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to examine touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act; and all such Persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said Commissioners* at such Time or Place as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to meet and fit, from Time to Time, at the Office of the late Secretary of State for the American Department, with or without Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts* under their Hands and Seals, for any Person or Persons whatsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writing*, Or Records, as they shall judge necessary for their Information in the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act; and the said ICommissioners, or any three or more of them^ are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such Clerks, Messengers, and Officers, as they shall think meet $ which Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the Trust in thetr$ feverailyand respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such their Service, other than such Salary or Reward as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that Behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any Person shall have delivered to them an Account or Claim beyond the real Loss* with an Intent to obtain more than a just Compensation, the said Commissioners shall, with all convenient Dispatch, report such Account or Claim, with the Evidence taken thereupon, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's * Treasury, who are hereby authorised to make such further Enquiry upon the Case as they shall think proper; and if they, or, any three of them, shall be of Opinion that such Account or Claim is fraudulent, then such Person shall be absolutely excluded from any Compensation or Provision whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon. Oath before the said Commissioners respectively, as before mentioned, shall wilfully* and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law now in being, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Claim or Request of any Person or Persons for Aid or Relief on

Account of the-Loss of any Property during the late Dissentions in America*. fhaB be received after the twenty-filth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and cigkty-four.

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. Si, 82. 401

VIII. And be it *Anther enacted, That the said Comnaiflioners shall, from Time to Time, at their Dif-eretion, or as as often as they shall be thereunto required, and as soon as possible after the Determination of their Examinations and Proceedings by virtue of this Act, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings, in Writing, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and to his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to itfue and cause to be paid all such Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said , or any three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the Publick Monies remaining in his iVl a jesty’s Exchequer; which Sum so iffiicd and paid, shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or abdut the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner and in such Proportions, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf; the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fee or other Charges to be taken on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death

or Resignation of any One or more of the said Commissioners, during the Recef* of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate ^nd appoint such Person or Persons as he may think proper tp supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be, inverted with all the same Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force for two Years from the passing of this Act, and no longer.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for preventing the Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Meal, with a Bounty, during the Operation of two Acts passed in this present Session of Parliament for allowing the importation of Corn.

WHEREAS n Act passed in this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of IVhe at, IVheal Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grairt^ and Meal,

1 upon Payment of the Lew Duties therein mentioned, for a limited Time)-, in which Act no Provision is

made for preventing the Payment of a Bounty on the Exportation of Corn during the Subsistence of the said Act: And whereas it would ber reasonable to suspend the Payment of the said Bounty during the Term specified in the said ABe it therefore enacted by the King's rood Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Bounty shall be paid on Corn, Grain, or Meal, -exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three-nor on or before the twenty-fifth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

1783 j nor from Scotland, before

II. And whereas by another Act passed in this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to

~ - Britain

Commissionertto give tp Account of their Proceedings to tpe Treasury, and to the Secretaries of State.

Treasury to pay a,oooo)« to the Order of the Corami ffioner*; to be employed in paying Clerkt, Meiiepgers, &«v

Ift case of V». dney by Death, &c. of a Commissioner, during the Rectit of Parliament, his Majesty may appoint another. Continuance of this

[Preamble.]

Recital of cap. I. of the prefcoCr Scfioo.

No Boofity to paldon Cxpoitv tion of Corn from England, before Aug. %6f-Sept. a*, 1783*.

Recital of cap. 53, of the feat Session.

into the said Counties, for a limited Time, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with his Majesty, navigated by foreign Seamen), Power is given to his Majesty, ny and with the Advice of his Ptivy Council, to allow the Importation of Corn, Grain, and Meal, into certain Counties, for four Months, to be computed from the third Day of September aforesaid: And whereas it is reasonable that the Bounty on Corn, exported from the said Counties, should be eventually suspended;’ be it therefore enactest by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bounty shall be paid on Corn exported from any of the said Counties, so long as his Majesty shall be pleased, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, under the Authority of the said Act, to permit the Importation of Corn, Grain* and Meal, into the said Counties#

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

WHEREAS it appears, from the Reports made by the Commissioners appointed to examine, take* Preambled and state the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, thgt in the Receipt of his Majesty *s Exchequer,

there are several useless, expense, and unnecessary Offices; and that the Emoluments arising tron*

other of the Offices in the said Receipt of Exchequer, are become excessive; and that the Mode of paying the Officers by Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, is inconvenient both to the Publick and to Individuals:’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with tbfit Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this present Parliament assembled*

Nofcounty fa b« paid on Export* tion of Corn front terrain Countie^ in Scotland, du^ ring the Allowance of impoita* tion.

I*

402 C. 82. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

The Office of the two Cham-beilaint, Tilly Cu'ter, and Uflicr of the Exchequer, after (he Dea>h, &c.

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Offices of the two Chamberlains, the Tally Cutter, and of the Uffierof the Exchequer, shall, from and after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the Possessors of such Offices respectively, and after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the Persons respectively intitled thereto, after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the present Possessors, be abolished,

of the present PotlrfiTorf, and those entided after them, to be abolished.

Upon the Death, A '.oi tht Chamberlains, an indented Ch- que Receipt to be substituted in* stead oftieTally now used, See.

Upon the Death, Sec* of the pre* feot U/her, and of bl* SocceflVr, such necessary Arjcles which have been provided by the Usher, shall be supplied by the preGding Officer

After the Determination of the In e'eft of the Teileri, the Office of Second Clerk to be abolished.

After the Death, &c. of the present Auditor, Cleric of the Pells, &c. the Payment of Gratuities, Fees, dec, to the Offiieta shall ceife. Certain Sums to be paid them in* iUad thereof.

After which, Officers receiving Fees (except, &c.) shall forfeit their Offices,

1

On Death, Sec, of Tellers, or Chamberlains, huw their Proportion of Feel A all be disposed Of.

Claxfe relativeti the Tally Cutter end his Deputy.

II. And be it enacted, That, upon the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the two Chamberlains in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, instead of the Tally now in use to denote the Receipt of Money at the said Receipt, there shall be substituted an indented Cheque Receipt of each Sum so received; which Receipt shall be made out by the Officer of the Auditor attending in the Tally Court, signed by him, and by the Officer of the Cleric of the Pells; and upon passing any Account of Money received, the Receipt shall be produced, together with the Account, and examined with the Counterfoil of the Cheque in the Office of the Auditor; and the Account shall be compared with the Entry in the Office of the Auditor, and with the Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, and the Truth of the Account shall be certified by the Officers checking the fame; and the Custody of one of the Keys to the Tellers Cherts, the Standard Weights and Measures, and the Standard Pieces of Gold and Silver, shall be committed to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer; any former Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That, upon the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the Usher of the Exchequer, and upon the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the Person entitled to the said Office, after the Qeath, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the present Pofltflbr of the said Office, the Chief or Presiding Officer, in each respective Office in the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall supply his Office with all such necessary Articles as have been heretofore provided by the Usher of the said Receipt; and such Chief or presiding Officer shall be allowed such annual Sum of Money, for and in lieu of all such necessary Articles, so heretofore provided by the U(her of the said Receipt, as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

in each Office,

IV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the Determination of the Interest of each of the four Tellers

in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the Office of Second Clerk to each respective Teller shall be, and the same is hereby abolished; and the Proportion of Fees, now belonging to such Second Clerks, shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Monies herein after directed to be reserved for the Purposes in this Act mentioned.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the present Auditor, of the present Clerk of the Pells, of any or either of the four Tellers, or two Chamberlains of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the Payment of all Salaries, Fees, Allowances, Perquisites, Gra-tuites, and Emoluments, to the said several Officers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall cease and be discontinued; and that in lieu and instead thereof, there shall be paid to the Auditor the Sum of four thousand Pounds per Annum \ to the Chief Clerk of the Auditor, one thousand Pounds per Annum; to the Clerk of the Pells, three thousand Pounds per Annum; to the First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, eight hundred Pounds per Annum; to the First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, as Receiver of the Money arising from the Fees herein after directed to be received, two hundred Pounds per Annum; to each of the four Tellers, two thousand seven hundred Pounds per Annum; to each of the First Clerks to the said four Tellers, one thousand Pounds per Annum: And the said Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, and four Tellers respectively, are hereby impowered to appoint such other Clerks and Officers, to assist in their respective Offices, as they shall judge necessary; and such Clerks and other Officers shall be paid such Salaries out of the Fees herein-afrer directed to be received for their Trouble and Attendance in the Offices aforesaid, as to the said Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, and four Tellers respectively, shall appear fit and proper; subject nevertheless to the Controul and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being; which shall be accepted by them in lieu of all Fees, Allowances, Gratuities, and Emoluments, heretofore paid to, or received by them; and such Salaries as aforesaid shall be paid and payable out of the Fees herein after directed to be received; and if any of the Officers aforesaid (except the Person or Persons herein after directed to receive such Fees) shall receive or demand any Fees, Allowances. Gratuities, or Emoluments, every such Officer so offending, shall be adjudged to have forfeited his Office, and his Office is hereby declared to be forfeited accordingly; and being convicted thereof in due Form of Law, shall moreover be subject and liable to the Penalties inflicted by Law for Extortion.

VI. And be it enacted, That upon the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of any or either of the four Tellers or two Chamberlains of the said Receipt of Exchequer, the Proportion of Fees belonging to the respective Officer so dying, surrendering, forfeiting, or being removed, shall be carried to and made Part of the Monies arising from the Fees herein after directed to be reserved for the Payment of the several Sums directed to be paid by this Act; and the Officer who shall succeed to the respe3»ve Office, so vacant by Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal as aforesaid, his respective Deputy and Clerk?, shall be paid their respective Salaries, herein-before directed to be allowed to them respectively, out of such Monies so directed to be refeived as aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case of the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the Tally Coffer, before the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the two Chamberlains, the said Office of Tally Cutter shall be discontinued, and the Duty of such Office shall be executed by the Deputy of such Tally Cutter, who shall be paid his Salary or Allowance out of the Monies so reserved as afore-foid, and the Fees and Gratuities now paid to and received by the Tally Cutter, shall be carried to and

made

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo-tertio Georgii III. c. 83.' 403

made Part* of the Montes arising from the Fees herein after directed to be reserved for the Payment of the several Sums directed to be paid by this Act

VIII. And be it enacted, That all taxes, to which the Officers aforesaid are now subj.ft, shall be paid Ttxeihow u be out of the Monies arising by the Fees herein after directed to be received.

IX. And be it enacted, That the same Fees and Gratuities that are now allowed and taken by the several Fecl to whom t* and respective Officers aforesaid, dull ffill continue to be paid and received by the First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, who is hereby authorised and appointed to receive the same, or, in his Absence, by the next Senior Clerk in the Pell Office, who shall give such Security for duly accounting for the same, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being; and a particular and dif-tindt Account shall be kept thereof, and shall be accounted for to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time heing, who are hereby required to direct the Surplus, if any shall remain after the Payment of the respective Sums herein-before directed to be paid, to be carried to the Account of the Monies applicable to the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, and to the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, in the Proportions following; that is to say, one third Part thereof to the Account of the Monies and how to Is applicable to the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, and the remaining two third Parts thereof to the wW*

said Sinking Fund; but in Case the Fees, herein-before directed to be reserved for paying the several Sums directed by this Act to be paid thereout, shall not be sufficient to answer and pay the same, then, and irr that Case, the same shall be paid and payable out of the Monies applicable to the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, and out of such of the Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are not directed to be applied by any Act or Acts of Parliament, in the Proportions herein-before mentioned.

X. And be it enacted, That the Houses at present appropriated for the Use of the Auditor, the four Tel- Hoofc# appro*

lers, and of the U(her of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, shall, after the Death, Surrender, For- of fhc a!-

feiture, or Removal, of the present Officers, or any or either of them, be no longer annexed to their re- difor^an/oth'er spective Offices, but shall be veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. Officer, fluii,

after their Death*, &c. be vested in his Majesty.

XI. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful to grant any. No Office In the

Office in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, either in Possession or Reversion, in any other Manner Exchequer to b« than subject to the Directions of this Act. I'&uaT"*

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for granting Relief to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing further time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to the Public, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Christmas One thousand seven hundred and eighty three; and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of Drawbacks on East India Goods.

Recital of the Sums due from the Company to his Majesty,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, (land indebted to his Majesty, for Customs on Goods imported, in sundry Sums of Money, amounting f together to the Sum of fu hundred forty-four thousand seven hundred forty-three Pounds, seventeen' c Shillings, and Two-pence, after making certain Deductions and Allowances, to which by Law the said'

Company are intitled, on due Payment of the said Customs on or before the respective Days on which the4 4 fame become due > which said Customs became due at the several and respective Times herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) The Sum of one hundred sixty-three thousand three hundred sixty-seven Pounds,

twelve Shillings, and Four-pence, Part thereof, on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; the Sum of one hundred ninety-one thousand eight hundred sixty-eight Pounds, four Shillings, and Eight-pence, other Part thereof, on the twenty-third Day of January, one thousand fc- ven hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of fifteen thousand nine hundred thirty-one Pounds, and seven- teen Shillings, other Part thereof, on the twenty-second Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, four Shillings, and Seven-

pence, other Part thereof, on the twenty-third Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- two; the Sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds, four Shillings, and Four-pence,

other Part thereof, on the twenty-sixth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two*

the Sum of forty-two thousand one hundred and five Pounds, six Shillings, and Ten-pence, other Part thereof, on the twentieth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three \ and the Sum of two hundred and six thousand one hundred seventy-two Pounds, seven Shillings, and Five-pence, Refi- due thereof, on the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three: And whereas the said United Company will become further indebted to his Majesty for other Customs on Go.^ds, before

the tenth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in further Sums of Money, to the Amount of two hundred and seventy thousand Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas, by Means of the said Customs, already due and hereafter to become due, not being paid at the respective Times the

Lme became due or shall become due, as aforesaid, the said Company, besides losing the Benefit of the ‘

said Deductions and Allowances, are and will be liable to pay Iniereft for the same, at and after the Rate of six Pounds per* Centum per Annum: And whereas, by an A£fc made in the twenty-first Year of the fceclulof ? Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of *' HI*

Anno vicesimo tertio <5eojlgir ill.

.4.04-

C. 83.

A.D. 1783.

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uje of the Publick, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Publick from the Time the Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to one million fiue hundred thousand Pounds, until the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, in ref pc ft tf the territorial Acquisit ions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and also for securing to the Public in respect thereoffora Term

t mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company \ and fir ng to the said Company, for a further Term, the jole and exdufivt Ttade to and from the East Indie*,’

therein tnenti oned, granting

Recital tftip, 36, of the pre-feat Sefiioo#

the said United Company, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at the Times and in the

Proportions therein mentioned; the last of which Payments was of the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, and was to have been made on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- one, for the Use of the Publick, as therein is mentioned $ and in case the said United Company should make Failure in any of the said Payments, on or before the Days therein mentioned, then the Money, whereof such Failure in Payment should be made, should be recovered to his Majesty's Use by such Action or Suit as therein is mentioned; and upon such Action or Suit there should be further recovered to his Majesty's Use, against the said United Company, Damages after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the respective Monies so unpaid contrary to the said Act, together with full Colb of Suit: And it was thereby further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for and during so long Time as the said United Company, under the Authority of that Ad, should be intitled to the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade and Traffick in, to, and from the East Indus, and Places aforesaid, the whole clear Profits arising from the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attendiogthe lame, together with all thedearRc- venues and Profits of the said Company, after providing for the current Payment of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company, should from Time to Time be disposed of and applied in Manner therein and herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) It should be lawful for the said United Company to set apart and retain, in the first Place, in each and every Year, such Sum as should be equal to eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Capital Stock of the said United Company of

three millions two hundred thousand Pounds \ and in case there should remain a Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits, above the said Sum ofeight Pounds per Centum per Annum, so to be retained by the said United Company as aforesaid, three fourth Parts of such Surplus Profits should be set apart and applied for the Use of the Publick, and the remaining one fourth Part thereof should be refeTved and re- tained by the said United Company for their own use: And it was thereby further enacted, That it should be lawful for the said United Company to apply such Money as they were therein before authorised to retain to themselves, and also other Money in the said Act mentioned, in the Payment of Dividends to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said United Company, not exceeding the 'Rate of twelve Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, provided the Bond Dent of the said United Company did not at any such Time exceed one Million five hundred thousand Pounds; and provided that they did not increase the present Dividend ofeight Pounds per Centum per Annum more than at the Rntc of one Pound per Con~

tumid each and every Year: And, in order to a fee r tain the yearly Net Profits arising from the said United Company’s Trade and Revenues, it was further enacted, That the said United Company should, cause to be made up yearly, for each and every Year, during the Term therein mentioned, with as much Accuracy as the Nature of the Case would admit, a Statement of the Profit and Loss upon the whole of the Trade and Revenues of the said United Company, together with a State of the Debts of the said United Company in England\ from the first Day of March in every Year, to the first Day of March in each Succeeding Year; which said Account was to be signed and delivered to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, as therein is mentioned: And whereas a Statement hath been duly made up of the Profit and Loss upon the Whole of the Trade and Revenues of the said United Company from the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, to the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; whereby it appears, that the Net Profits of the said United Company in that Year did not amount to so much as a Dividend upon the Stock of the said United Company at the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, by the Sum of two hundred fifty-five thousand eight hundred and thirteen Pounds: And whereas the Payment of the said Sum of six hundred forty-four thousand seven hundred forty-three Pounds, seventeen Shillings, and Two-pence, which became due for Customs at such several Times as herein-before are mentioned, and of the said Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, which became due on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, hath been postponed, and further Time allowed for the Payment thereof until the tenth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury^ pursuant to Power to them for that Purpose given in and by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and Losses, inn- spect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Publick, and to allow further Time for such Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money; and to make a Dividend of four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three); and by the same Act, in order to give a temporary Relief to the said United Company, in respect to their commercial Debts, it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the said United Company, to borrow Money upon, and iPuie Bonds under their Common Seal, as the Affairs of the said Company

might require, not exceeding the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds beyond the Amount of the Company's then present Bond Debt; And whereas the ifluine of such Bonds as aforesaid will increase the said

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. S3. 405

Company’s Bond Debt beyond the Sum of one Million five hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas, by 4 Means of the Expences of the Wars and Hostilities in India and in Europe, the said Company is become much distreded in their Affairs at home; upon Consideration whereof, it is found necessary to grant further Relief to the said Company, by allowing further Time for the Payment of the said Debts, due and to become due to his Majesty, and by lending the said Company a further Sum of Money, as herein-afeer is mentioned 5 and it is fit and expedient that the said Company should be allowed to continue their present Dividend at Christmas next, at the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a Hem bled, and by the Authority of the same, That icfhi!) and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to postpone and allow further Time for the Payment of the said Sum of six hundred forty-four thousand seven hundred forty-three Pounds, seventeen Shillings, and Two-pence, which became due for Customs at such several Times as herein-before are mentioned, and of the said Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, which became due on the first Day of December^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and to allow Time for Payment of fuqb Sums as shall become due for Customs before the tenth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or any Part or Parts of the said several Sums respectively, unto such Time or Times as they shall think fit, not exceeding forty Days next after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; and if the said United Company do and shall pay the said Sums respectively, at such Time or Times to which the said Payments, or any Part thereof respectively, shall be postponed as aforesaid; the same shall be accepted and received in like Manner as if the said Sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective Days on which the said Sums became due 5 and the said United Company, upon such Payment at such postponed Time or Times, shall be freed and discharged from all Damages, Interest, and Losses, which they became liable to by Means of not having made the said Payments respectively at the several Times on which the same became due; and shall be intitled unto, and have the same Discounts, Allowances, and Advantages, as if the said Sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective Days on which they became due; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And, in order to give further Relief to the said United Company in respect to their Debts, and the better to enable them to pay the same, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now and for the Time being, or any-three or more of them, or for the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and they respectively are or is hereby authorised and impowered, at any Time or "Limes before the tenth Day of Ottoler^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, by his or their Warrant or Warrants, to direct, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Number of Exchequer Bills, for such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall think most proper and convenient, so as all the principal Sums to be contained in the Bills so to be made forth by virtue of this Act, do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds exclusive of any Exchequer Bills that are or may be made forth by virtue of any other Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament, for the publick Service); and the said Exchequer Bills, so to be made forth in pursuance of this Act, shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of four Pounds and fifteen Shillings per Centum per Annum, and proportionally for any greater orless Sum to be contained therein, to be payable to the Bearers thereof respectively; which said Exchequer Bills shall be made out in* the I ike Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be r a fed in Great Britain, for tke Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty- three), are enacted and preferred concerning the Exchequer Bills authorised to be made forth in pursuance of the said Act; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered to direct the said Exchequer Bills to be delivered to or to the Order of the Court or Directors of the said United Company, to be by them passed away and negociated for the Purpose of railing Money to pay the Debts, and to answer other the Oc-cafionsand Affairs of the said Company.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Exchequer Bills authorised to be made out by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Duties granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of the Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and also except as herein after is mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly tepeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Bill or Bills, to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time before the sixth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, received, or pass or be current tn any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the Di (charge and cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall be in due Course or Order of Payment before the said

Com&uflionm of the Tiesfoty jfti^owered to allow the Company futther Time for payment of the Sums due, and to become due, to bi« Majesty*

Commissioner* of the Treasury impowered to make Excheqtfc# Bills to the Amount of 300,000 U

to tear an Interest of 4I, 15a, per Cent. per Ann.

The Bi!!a so be

delivered so the Crurtof Oi-te£turs, fcc.

All the Cla-.fev, &c. relating to Ex». hequer Bills, in the Land Tax A<$ of this Se/Loo, (except, &c.)

Hull he applied to the Bills to be n ade in pur* fu.mcc of this Act.

Eieliequer Bill* lo i;fjcd rut to be received again in Payment of any Taxes,

406

nor exchanged before April 6, 2786.

Action not to lie for such Rcfuial,

Money so raised to be repaid out of the Monica to be paid info the Exchequer by Che East India Company; and if sufficient Mo-hiea shall not be so paid in before April 6, 1786, to be charged on the next Parliamentary Aid 5 and collaterally on the Sinking Fund*

Monies so issued oat of the Sinking Fond, to be replaced out of the first Supplier. Bank authorised to advance the said Sum on the Credit of this Act}

an Act 5 A 6

Gul, Sc Manx notwithstanding,

Hovr the Profit* a'ifingfrom the Territorial Acquisif ions and the Trade of the Company, shall be applied.

Af cr the Debt* due to his Majesty are paid, the Surplus Profits of the Company to be paid

C. 83. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

sixth Day of April; nor shall any Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the said sixth Day of April, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refuling to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money, before the said sixth Day of April; any Thing in the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Taxy to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-threeJ, or in this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the Monies to be paid into the Receiptof his Majesty's Exchequer, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indits, in the Manner and at the Times herein after directed and appointed; and in case such Monies, so to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall not be sufficient to satisfy and discharge all the principal Monies contained in such Exchequer Bills, together with all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to and attending the same, and that shall incur and grow due thereupon before the said sixth Day of April, then, and in such Case, the said Exchequer Bills, or such Part thereof as shall remain unsatisfied and uncancelled, together with all the Interest due and to grow due thereupon, and all other Charges and Expences incurred, or to be incurred in respect of the same Exchequer Bills, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the first Aids or Supplies that shall or may be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, then all the said Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as, at any Time or Times at or before the said fifth Day of fufy, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Exceiles, Overplus-monies, and other Revenues composing the f und commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particularUseor Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such Exchequer Bills so remaining uncancelled and unpaid, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall befo issued out of the said Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus-monies, and other Revenues composing the said Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Aids or Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to the said United Company, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills directed to be made forth by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Sums of A4oney, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds; any Thing in an Act, made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary (intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beery Aley and other Liquor/, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Per fans as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France), to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas, in the present Circumstances of the East India Company, it will not be in their Power to provide for the Payment of the said Debts due to his Majesty, or for the Repayment of such Loan as aforesaid, and for again reducing their Bond Debt to one million five hundred thousand Pounds (which is expedient to be done), unless the Publick should agree to forego, for the present, all Participation in the Profits arising from the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, in order that Provision may be made for such Payments as aforesaid / be it therefore further eiufted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the said Debts due to his Majesty shall be paid, the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds repaid, and the Bond Debt of the said Company be again reduced to one million five hundred thousand Pounds, the whole clear Profits arising from the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attending the same, together with all the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company, after providing for the current Payments of Interest, and other Outgoings. Charges, and Expences, of the said Company, and for such Dividends to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, as they shall be entitled or allowed to make, receive, and take, dial] from Time to Time be disposed of and applied in Manner following; that is to say. In the first Place, in Diminution and Payment of the said Debts due to his Majesty, until the same shall be fully paid; and afterwards in Diminution and Payment of the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, and Interest, and for defraying the Charges incurred in respect thereof; and then in reducirfg the Bond Debt of the said Company until the same shall be reduced to one Million five hundred thousand Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said Debts due to his Majesty shall be ^aid, and until the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds shall have been repaid, the said United Company shall from Time to Time pay, or rause to be paid, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, such Surplus of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company as is herein-before directed to be applied in such Payment; which said Payments shall be made as often as the said Company shall have

9 Money

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 407

Money which cin be appropriated for that Purpose; and the same shall be applied, in the first place, for B*-

answering and paying aJl such Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, as /Hall have grown due in respect of the Exchequer Pills made our, iiVued, and circulated, as aforesaid; and in the next place, as far as the Application fame will extend, for paying oft', cancelling, and discharging, all such of the said Exchequer Bills as shall txt0 ' then remain uncancelled.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Company im-v said United Company to set apart and apply, at Christmas next, so much Money as shall be equal to four powered to pay Pounds per Centum on the Capita] of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, as and fora Dividend to half/

the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company for Haifa Year, from the fifth Day of July, one thousand yezr\y Dividend, -seven hundred and eighty-three, to the fifth Day of "January, one thousand seven hundred and e\gt\ty-four9

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Deficiency of two hundred fifty- Deficiency of five thousand eight hundred and thirteen Pounds, appearing in the said annual Account made up to the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be carried forward as a Charge in the c*un^to^e carl Account of the present Year. ried forward as a

XII. And whereas sundry Drawbacks of Part of the Duties of Customs payable on East India Goods, Charge in thi»

are allowed on the Exportation of such Goods from this Kingdom, the Debentures for which Drawbacks Vcar’i Account,

are often paid to the East India Company as Cash, in Part of Payment of Goods sold at the Company

Sales: And whereas the said Debentures cannot be received and allowed, by the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, in Payment of any Duties of Customs other than the Customs due for the same Species of. a

‘ Goods for which the said Debentures are made, by reason whereof the said Company are often obliged to '

keep the said Debentures for a great Length of Time / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Debentures, for Payment of any Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs on East India Clause relative Goods, shall at all Times be received from the United Company of. Merchants of England trading to the *5 Payment of East Indies, by the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, in Payment of any Kind of Duties of Customs due D^backs o* from the said United Company on East India Goods, in like Manner as if such Debentures were paid in India for Duties of Customs due on the same Kind of Goods therein mentioned and contained. Goodi.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List.

WHEREAS there was due and owing, on the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and Preambled

eighty-three, for the Expence of his Majesty's Civil Government, the Sum of fifty thousand five hundred and seventy-six Pounds, fourteen Shillings, and Three-pence Halfpenny: And whereas it teex- pedient that the said Sum of fifty thousand five hundred anefseventy six Pounds, fourteen Shillings,' and Three-pence Halfpenny, should be paid and discharged with all possible Speed: And whereas it hath

been resolved, That a further Sum, not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds, and also a further Sum*

not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, be raised, for paying off and discharging the Debts due and ow-:

ing upon the Civil List on the said fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, now,

to the End that no Want or Failure may happen or be made in such Grant, and the Application of the same, and for the better supplying the said Sums of thirty-five thousand Pounds, and twenty thousand Pounds, in the most effectual Manner for the Purposes aforesaid/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to Commissionert and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, by their Warrant or Warrants, to direct or cause to be prepared of the Treasury and made, at the Exchequer, any Number of Exchequer Bills, in the same Manner, Form, or Older, and according to the same or like Rule's or Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand Jtvcn hundred and cigbty-tkreeare enacted and prescribed, concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of the said Act\ and to be made forth for such Sum or bums of Money as they shall think most proper and convenient, so as all the principal Monies to be contained in the said Bills, to be made by virtue of this Act, do not exceed in the Whole the said Sums of thirty-five thousand Pounds, and twenty thousand Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes,

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Act, rel.iting to the Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Claufi* as do charge the same i n the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act), shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Rills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; and the Commissioners of the Treasury are hereby authorised and impowered to cause the said Exchequer Bills to be made out as aforesaid, to be placed as so much Cash in the Chests of the respective Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, and to direct the said Tellers to issue Money for the Purposes of this Act in lieu thereof.

impowered to raise 55,000l. by Exchequer Bills.

The Clauses in toe Land Tax Act relating to Bill?,

(except, Sec.) _ extended to this Act.

III. and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and all the Charges and Expences incident to, or attending the same, in any Manner whatsoever, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the hereditary and temporary Revenues, and any other the Duties and Revenues which do or shall compose the Fund, commonly called

Money to be raised by this Act shall be charged on the Aggregate Fund.

408

j*,$ool. tote set apart, quarterly, out of the Cud Fuad,

towards discharging the Exchequer Bill* made by virtue cf.22- Geo. III. cap* 82. jmd those made by virtue of this

*Bu

[Preamble.]

A Life Annuity or' 1,5001. per

Antrim, settled on Sir George Augullus Eliott, and his t’>n frtneis Augustus Eliott}

to commerce from Sep". 13, J782, and to be paid quarterly.

The Annuity to be paid at the Exchequer, without Feet.

C. 85. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

The Aggregate Fund, or any of them (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum an ! Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to paid out of the same, vxc pt the Payments directed thereout by the Acts of the first and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign), but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said Fund*

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall continue to be regularly set apart and applied, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the said Duties and Revenues computing the said Fund, commonly called The Aggregate Fund, the Sum of twelve thousand five hundred Pounds on each and every quarterly Day of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Sum of twelve thousand five hundred Pounds, on the tenth Day of 0Holer; twelve thousand five hundred Pounds, on the fifth Day of January \ twelve thousand five hundred Pounds on the fifth Day of April; and twelve thousand five hundred Pounds, on the fifth Day of July i the first quarterly Payment to be applied and made on the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, for and towards paying; off, cancelling, and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for enabling his Ma* jejlyto discharge the Debt contracted upon his Civil Lijl Revenues; and for preventing the same from being in Ar~ rear for the future, by regulating the A fide of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by Jupprejfwg or regulating 'certain Offices therein mentioned) which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Lijl); until the whole Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, authorised to be raised by the said Act, and also the Sums of thirty-five thousand Pounds, and twenty thousand Pounds, to be raised in Manner aforesaid, with the Charges attending the same, shall be completely paid off, cancelled, and discharged; and the said Sum of twelve thousand five hundred Pounds, so to be set apart, issued, and paid each Quarter, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall bfe deemed, taken, and understood to be, in Diminution of the respective Annuities of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and of one hundred thousand Pounds, granted to his Majesty out of the said Duties and Revenues by the said Acts of the first and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; but in case of the Demifeof his Majesty (whom God long preserve !) before the Whole of the said ExchequerBids, amounting to three hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds, be cancelled and discharged, then such of the said Bills as shall remain uncancelled, shall, from the Quarter Dav next preceding such Demise, be charged and-chai?geable upon, and be paid and payable out of, the hereditary Revenues of the Crown.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right Honourable Sir George Augustus Elliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious MeiTage to your faithful Commons, has been pleased to signify your Desire of conferring some signal Mark of your Royal Favour upon the Right Honourable Sir George Augustus Eliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, for the very

distinguished and important Services performed by him to your Majesty and this Country^ by his brave

and gallant Defence of Gibraltar, arxl for that Purpose to grant to the said Sir George Augustus Elvtt, for the Term of his Life, and for the Life of his Son, Francis Augustus Eliott, an Annuity of one thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum \ but that it not being in your Maj city’s Power to grant the same, or to 1 settle the said Annuity beyond the Term of your Majesty's own Life, recommended it to the Hou/e to

consider of a proper Method of enabling your Majesty to gra nr. the said Annuity, and of settling and (e-

curing the same in the most effectual Manner for the Benent of the said Sir George Augujhts Eliott: We,

your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject9, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament aftembkd,

duly considering your Majesty's most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Sir George Augustus Eliott, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for and during the natural Lives of him, the said Sir George Augustus Eliott, and of his Son, Francis Augustus Eliott, for and during the natural Life of the longer Liver of them, one Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain) out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Duties and Revenues which composethe Fund, commonly called T!)e Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same; but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Aggregate Fund); which said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Effect from the thirteenth Day of September) which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the first Payment to be computed from the said thirteenth Day of September, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the fifth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the tenth Day of October, the fifth Dfcy of January, the fifth Day of April) and the fifth Day of July, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer

13

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii in C. 86. 409

of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the Time being, to m;:ke forth and pass Debentures, from Time to Time for paying the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, as the lame fhai] from Time to Time become due and payable, without any Pees or Charges to be demanded or takrn for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficicrit Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the Time being, for the Payment of the Hid Annuity, or yearly Rem or Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, to the said Sir George Augusts Eliott, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at the respective quarterly Fealt Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after signing of such Warrant, The Warrant for the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof. Payment of the and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of his Majesty, (whom fln.nu, ty l?ot.to God long preserve !) or of any of his Heirs or Succert'ors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any u!onertTDemi?e of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination ot- M^jcrty,* of the Power, Office, or Offices of therm, or any of them. &-c.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury Commissioneri

now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the Time being, Chancellor and Under Trea- of the T«aforjrf surer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court Chancellor of of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby ^doall authorised and flri&ly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Rewatd, all such Acts, Matters, and Things necessary Things, as are herein-before directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by for the Execu-7 them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, tion of this Act, effectual. without F«f.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or The Receipt of Receipts, of the said Sir George Augustus Eliott, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or of such Sir George Au-other Person or Persons as shall be intituled or authorised to receive the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or euAu8, Eiiott, hi« Sum, or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, without any

further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annuity, or yearly ficient^ii"" " Rtnt or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other charge, publick Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer a nnuity to be shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to Tax-free, the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Sir George Ah- m' gttftus Eliott, his Executory Administrators, or Assigns, to receive the same, then the said Sir ‘ George Covered! Aiguflus Eliott, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, may from Time to Time sue, prosecute, and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Executors and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of Debt, and (hill or may recover Judgements, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for so much of such Surn or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the Time or Times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necefhrv to be done by such Officer or Officers, to enable the said Sir George Augustus Eliott, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to Ktiive the same.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, and the Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious Mcrtage to your most faithful Commons, has been pleaftd to declare, That your Majesty having taken into your Royal Consideration the many eminent and signal Services performed by George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, Vice Admiral of England,

and one of the Admirals of the White, hie Conduct in the West Indies in three several Engagements, in the Months of April and May, owe thousand seven hundred and eighty, with a superior French Fleer,

under the Command of the Count de Gulden; and his great and glorious Vivories over the Spanish Fleet, on the sixteenth Dav of "January one thousand seven hundred and eighty, on his Voyage to the Relief of the Garrison of Gibraltar; and over the French Fleet in the JFeJl Indies, on the twelfth Day

of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; not only highly honourable to himself, but greatly beneficial to your Majesty's Kingdoms; your Majesty was delirous to bellow some considerable and lasting Mark of your Royal Favour, as a Testimony of your Majesty's Approbation for the said Services; and for this Purpose to give and grant unto the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney,

and to the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney,

to whom the Title of Lord Rodney shall descend, for and during their Lives, a nett Annuity of two thousand Pounds per Annum \ but your Majesty, not having it in your Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said Grant beyond the Term of your Majesty's own Life,

recommended, it to your faithful Commons-, to consider of a proper Method of enabling your Majesty to

grant

4io

A Life Annuity of 2C00l. prr Annum settled on Lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding Heirs to hit 'litie.

to commence from April j*, X782, and to be paid quarto ly.

The Annuity to be paid at the Exchequer, without Fee*,

The Warrant for Payment of the Anr.uhy not to be determinable upon the Demise of his Majesty, &c.

Commissioners of the Treasury, Chancellor of the Lyhecucr, &c. are to do all Thing necessary for the Evccution of :hic Ad>, without Ece»,

The Receipt of Lord Rodney, and his Successors, shall be a lufHcienC Discharge.

Annuity to be] Tax-free, Howthe Annuity may be recovered.

C. 56. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

c grant the same, and of extending, securing, and settling, such Annuity to the said George Brydges Rodney

Lord Rodney, and to the two next Persons on w horn the f ide of Lord Rodney shall defeend, in such Man-

ner as should be thought most effectual /or tl.e Dent fit of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, and his Family: We your Majesty's moil: dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament ailenibkd, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That one Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be ilfuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Duties and Revenues which compose the Fund, commonly called 7be Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upnn, or payable out of, the said Aggregate Fund); and the same shall from Time to Time be paid quarterly free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Foim following; (that is to say,) To George Brydges Rodney now Lord Rodney y for and during the natural Life of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, and from and after his Decease, unto the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the IdoJy of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, on whom the said Title, Honour, and Dignity of Lord Rodney shall defeend, for and during their natural Lives; which said Annuity, or yearly Ren: or Sum, shall commence and take Effect from the twelfth Day of Jlpri!, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the first Payment to be computed from the said twelfth Day of April, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the fi/th D;iv of July, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and from thenceforth fhdl be paid and payable at the four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the tenth Day of Oftolcr> the fifth Dav of January, the fifth Day of Jprilj and the fifth Day of July, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from Time to Time for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of two thousand Pounds, in Manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall, from Time to Time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be set forth, and passed thereupon, shall be a fufRcient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, at the respective quarterly Feafl Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after signing of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve!) or of any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the Time being. Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, a^d of the Receipt thereof, now and for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby authorised and strictly *.'joined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein-be ore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receiptor Receipts, of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, on whom the said Title shall defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shal] be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney^ and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, on whom the said Title, Honour, and Dignity of Lord Rodney shall defeend, to receive the same, then the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodneyr, on whom the said Title shall defeend, may, from Time to Time, sue, prosecute, and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgements, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money, then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the Time or Times when Demands shall have been

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 87. 411

legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any AS necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuity, yearly Kent or Sum of Anmiitynot to two thousand Pounds, shall be, and the same is by this Act vested in the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rod- f ionger Ter01 w<y, to whom the said Title, Honour, and Dignity of Lord Rodney shall defeend; and the same, or any th»n during the Part thereof, shall not at any Time or Times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged, or in- Life of the Pof. cumbered, by the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, or by either of the two next succeeding Heirs fcffor,

Male of the Body of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, on whom the said Title shall aefeend, for any greater or larger Estate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging, or incumbering the same, or so as to prevent the same from defending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, to whom the said Title: of Lord Rodney shall defeend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at Portsmouth; and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of His Majesty's Gunpowder Works and Mills, near the Town of Faversham.

WHEREAS, for the further and better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships of War, and Stores,

[Preamble.]

it is highly necessary to erect and raise additional Fortifications, at or near the Town of Gofporty

in the County of Southampton \ and in order thereunto to purchase the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, herein after mentioned, in the County of Southampton, Part of which said Lands, by his Majesty's Order, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the fevera) Owners and Proprietors there- of respectively, have been taken possession of by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or Engineers, or other Officers acting under their Authority, for his Majesty's Use: And whereas certain

Works and Buildings, Part of and belonging to his Majesty's Gunpowder Mills, near the Town of Faver*

flam, in the County of Kent, werefome Timefince accidentally blown up and destroyed, and the Inhabitants of the said Town were thereby greatly alarmed, and many of the Houses in the said Town damaged and

to prevent such Alarms and Damages in future, it was thought expedient, by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, to erect other Works and Buildings (instead of the Works and Buildings so blown up and destroyed J on a Site more remote from the said Town: And whereas the several Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, herein after mentioned, situate, lying, and being in the several Parishes of Luddenham, Preston, Faverjloam, ami Davivgton, in the said County of Kent* are fit and convenient for the Purpose aforesaid, and Part of such Lands, by his Majesty's Order, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the several Owners and Proprietors thereof respectively, have been taken possession

of by the said principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or Engineers, or other Officers acting

under their Authority, for his Majesty's Use: And whereas it is highly necessary to purchase the whole of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of South- ampton and Kent, herein after particularly described, some of which are or may be the Estates of Infants,

Femes-covert, Ecclesiastical Corporations, or other Persons who by Law are disabled to make any Con- traftsor Conveyances; in all which cases, as likewise when any Proprietors, designing to obstruct the publick Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to themselves, infill on extravagant Rates, it will be necessary to have Recourse to the same Methods that have been taken in Cases of the like Nature: To the End therefore that the true and real Value of the f. id Estates may be ascertained, and the Owners and Proprietors thereof may have a just and reasonable Satisfaction for the same be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that Piece or Certain Px'ecet Parcel of Land, lying and being in the Parish of A her ft eke, containing by Admeasurement fix Acres, three of Land, and Roods, and twelve Perches, or thereabouts, be the same moreorless, being the Property of, or belonging Tenements

to Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary Esquire, ?nd all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same lon^ne^mthe

belonging or appertaining, abutting on the South on Stokes Bay, on the Weft partly on Land of the said pahih of Alver-Samuel Marshalland Thomas Geary, partly on Land belonging to Henry Abrahams, and partly on other Land stoluj of the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, on the North partly on other Land belonging- to the said Henry Abrahams, and partly on other Land belonging to the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, on the East partly orvLand belonging to Alexander Charley, partly on other Land belonging to the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, and partly on Land belonging to Hyde Matthews \ and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Ah ftohe, containing by Admeasurement four Acres, three Roods, and thirty-nine Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North on Lar i belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, on the East on the Piece or Parcel of Land of the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary above described, on the South on Stokes Bay A'larsh, and on the Weft on Land belonging to the find Henry Abrahams \ and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Alverjhke, containing by Admeasurement three Acres, three Roods, and thirty-six Peiches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North on Lan belonging to the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Gearyt on the Eait and South on the*Lands of the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, above defended.

412 C. 87. Anno vicesimo tertio Geo. rgii III. A.D. 1783.

on the Weft partly on other Lands of the Lid Henry Abrahams, and partly on the Lane leading from Privet to the‘Bay; and also that Piece or Parcel of Land, lying an J being in t ie laid Parish of Aiverjioke, containing'by Admeasurement three Acres, two Roods, and thirty-seven Parches, or thereabouts, be the Lme more or let's, being the Properly of or belonging to the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, and all Tenements and Hereditaments ro the same belonging or appertain-ng, abutting on the North on Lant belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, on the East on the Land of the said Satarud a Jar/hail and Thomas Geary, Just ?.t» jve described, on the South on the Land of the said Henry Abrahams, lad above described, and on the Weft on the said Road leading from Privet to the Bay; and also all (hat IVce or Parrel of Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Aiverjioke, containing by Admeasurement fix Acres, one Rood, and twenty-nine Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or lcls, being the Property oi or belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, and all Tenements and Hereditaments ro the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North on Land belonging to the said Samuel AlarfiaH and Thomas Geary, on the East on other Land belonging to the said Samuel AlarfJoall and Thomas Geary, and on Land belonging to the Lid A lex an ler Charley, and on the Weft by the said Road leading from Privet to the Bay; and also ml that Piece or Parcel of Land, lying and being in tire said Parish of Aiverjioke, containing by Admeasurement fix Acres, three Roods, and twmty-four Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being ;bc Property of or belonging to the Lid Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, and all Tenements and Her cun aments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North on Land belonging to on ih? Fall on land be longing to

on the South on the Land of the said Henry Abrahams, l ift above ilescribed, and on the Weft by the said Road leading from Privet to the Bay; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Aiverjioke, containing by Admeasurement three Acres and Sixteen Perch<s,or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to the raid Samuel Mmfnall and Thomas Geary, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North partly on the Land lift above described, belonging to the said Samuel Alarjhali and Thomas Geary, on the East on Land belonging to the said Hyde Mathis, on the South on Land belonging to the said Alexander Charley, and on the I Veil on the Land of the said Henry Abrahams, above fifthly described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Aiverjioke, containing by Admeasurement four Acres, two Roods, and twenty-two Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more less, being the Property of or belonging to the said Alexander Charley, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North on the Land belonging to the said Samuel Ma*shall and Thomas Geary, lall above described, on the East on the Land belonging to the said Hyde Mathis, on the South on other Land belonging to the said Samuel Marflyall and Thomas Geary, and on the Weft partly on the Lands of the said Henry Abrahams, fifthly above described, and partly on the Land of the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, first above described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Aiverjioke, containing by Admeasurement three Acres, one Rood, and eighteen Perches, -or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North on the Land of the said Alexander Charley, lall above described, on the East and bouth on Land of the said Hyde Mathis, and on the Weft and South on the Land of the said Samuel Alcnjhaii and Thomas Geary, first above described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, lying and being in the said Parish of. Aiverjioke, containing by Admeasurement ten Acres, one Rood, and eleven Perches, or thereabouts, betbe lame more or less, being Part of two Fields the Property of or belonging to the said Hale Mathis, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North partly on the Land of the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, Nil above described, and partly on other Land belonging to the said Hyde Mathis, on the South on Stoke s Bay Majesty, on the Weft on the Land belonging to the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, first above described, and on the East by the remaining Part of the Lid two Fields of the said Hyde Alathis; and also all those two Pieces or Parcels of Land., lying and being in the said Parish of Aiverjioke, containing together by Admeasurement fix Acres, two Root's, and thirteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the lame belonging or appertaining, abutting on the Weft and North on the aforesaid Lane leading from Privet to the Bay, on the South on Stoke's Bay Marsh, on the East partly on the Land belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, thirdly above described, and partly on the Land belonging to the said Samuel Alarjhali and Thomas Geary, secondly above described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, lying and being in the said Paiifli of Aiverjioke, containing by Admeasurement one Acre, one Rood, and thirty-six Perches, or thereabouts, he the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North on Land belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, and on the Weft on Land also belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, Called Gomer Common, and on the East and South on the said Lane leading from Privet to the Bay; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Aiverjioke, containing by Admeasurement one Acre and twenty-three Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North on Land belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, and on the Weft on Land belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, called Gomer Common, on the E.it on the Lid Lane leading from Privet to the Bay, and on the South on the Land belonging to the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary, Lft above described; and also all those four Pieces or Parcels of Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Aiverjioke, containing together by Admeasurement twenty-six Acres, three Roods, and fourteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being two Commons, the one called Gomer Common, and the other The Little Common, and two Meadows and Coppice adjoining, being the Property of or belonging to the said Henry Abrahams, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the Weft on a Piece of Water or Morass called Gomer Pend, on the South partly on the said Water or Morass and a Bridge over

8 the

thereunto hfr-

longing, in tbs Parirtiei of L«dk denham an4 I'uftM i,

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 87. 41

the or River there, and partly on the said Road leading from Privet to the Bay, on the East partly of the Land of the said Henry Abrahams last above described, partly on the Land of the said Samuel Marshall and Thomas Geary above twelithly described, and partly on the said Road leading from Privet to the Bay, and on the North on Land belonging to; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, lying indcertwVothi*

and being in the Parish of Luddenham aforesaid, containing by Admeasurement fourteen Acres and seven- P>ecnof Und; teen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging, tp Edward Wilks, now in the Occupation of Simon CrefwelL, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belong- f "'"ntnk ing or appertaining, abutting on the Wilt on certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, on the North-east and East on Land belonging to Benjamin Hatley Foote Esquire, on the South-east and South on the Road leading to Ham Marfties, and on the South-west and Weft on his Majesty's Road leading to the New Magazine; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Luddenham, containing by Admeasurement four Acres, three Roods, and fourteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or lei’s, being the Property of or belonging to the said Benjamin Hatley Foote, now in the Occupation vfjobn Simmons, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the lame belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North* weft on the said Lands belonging to his Majesty, and on Marshes belonging to the said Benjamin Hatley Foote, and now in the Occupation of John Simmons, on the East on the said Marfties, on the South-east on the said Road leading to Ham Marshes, and on the South-west by the Arable Land before described belonging to the said Edward Wilks; and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Marsh Laqd, lying and being in the Parishes of Luddenham and Preston aforesaid, containing by Admeasurement thirty-four Acres and twenty-one Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to the said Benjamin Hatley Foote, now in the Occupation of the said John Simmons and Charles Chapman, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North on the S^4 Wall, on the North-east and East on Marsh Lands in the Occupation of the said John Simmons, on the South-east on the said Road leading to Ham Marshes, and on the South, South-west, Weft, and North-west, on the Pasture Lands before described belonging to the said Benjamin Hatley Foote, on Lands belonging to his Majesty, and on the Sea Wall aforesaid; and also all those Salt Lands, lying and being in the said Parish of Lud-denham, containing by Admeasurement fix Acres, thiee Roods, and thirty-four Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to the said Benjamin Hatley Foote, nowin the Occupation of the said Charles Chapman, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting on the North on Ore Creek, on the North-east on Salt Lands in the Occupation of the said Charles Chapman and the Sea Wall, on the South on Salt Lands belonging to his Majesty, and on the South-west and Weft on Ore Creek aforesaid; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Glebe Land, lying and being in the Parish of Faversham aforesaid, containing by Admeasurement one Acre and thirteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to the Vicar of Faversham, and now in the Occupation of the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining (through which said Land a Carriage Road leads to the Storekeeper’s House and Upper Works), abutting on the North and North-east on Preroifes belonging to his Majesty, on the East on Premises belonging to Mistress Gilbert, on the South-east, South, and South-west, on the publick Road leading from Faversham to Ofprtnge, and on the Weft and North-west on Premises belonging to his Majesty; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land lying and being in the Pa- and certain other rifhof Davington aforesaid, containing, by Admeasurement one Rood and twenty Perches, or thereabouts, piece*ofl^nd, be the same more or less, being the Property of or belonging to William Shertvin, now in the Occupation of *£*re^tee-U the said principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same be- iongngi i*ib« longing or appertaining, abutting on the North and North-east on Lands belonging to Lady Twifdeny on the Pamh of Da-F^ft and South-east on Lands in the Occupation of the said principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, Kington4 and Bartholomnv Bennett, on the South and South-west on Premises belonging to his Majesty, and on the Weft and North-west on Land belonging to the said Lady Twifden; and also all that Piece or Parcel of coarse Pasture Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Davington, containing by Admeasurement one Rood and fourteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or leis, being the Property of or belonging to the said IVihiam Sherwin, now in the Occupation of the said principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, and Bartholomew Bennett, and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining (through which said Land a Foot Way leads from the Lower to the Upper Works), abutting on the North and No.'th-east on the public Road leading from Faversham aforesaid to Davington aforesaid, on the East, > v

South east. South, and South-west, on Lands belonging to his Majesty, and on the Weft and North-west on Lands in the Occupation of the said principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance; and also all that Piece tmi also *Pieok or Parcel of Pasture Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Faversham, containing by Admeasurement of one Roed and twenty-seven Perches, or thereabouts, be the famemoreor less, being the Property of or be- V"!* ,m longing to the l)tan and Chapter of Canterbury, now in the Occupation of the said principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, and Robert CockerrelJ and all Tenements and Hereditaments to the same belonging

or appertaining (through which said Land a Footway leads from FaverJJoam to Davington), abutting on the North, North-east, East, South-east, and South, on Faversham Creek, and on the South-west, Weft, and North-west, on Premises belonging to his Majesty; shall be, and a^e hereby vested and settled and declared lobe in the actual Possession and Seisin of the Right Honourable Charles Wolf ran Cornwall, Jervoise Clerk Tiuflccs, Jervoise Esquire, Robert'Thi/Hethwaite Esquire, the Honourable Charles Mar {ham*, and Filmer Honeywood Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, inTruft nevertheless for such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as at, or immediately before, the Time of making this Act are or were the several and respedrve Owners thereof, according to their several Estates and interests, in Pof*

session, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined, or Possession thereof taken by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or Engineers, or other Officers aft ing under their Authority, which they are hereby impowered to do whenever Vol. XIV. Part 111. H h h

rrd cmain Piece of Land, and Tenement* thereunto belonging, in the Parish of Fmr-

4*4

jl rt fonabft Com pi nfation to be made to the proprietors out of the nr*t Parliamentary Aids.

His Majesty im-P'wererf, by

Lettu* Pafent under the Great Sea', to appoint Commissioners to determine Claims to the said Lands, &c« How they are to proceed*

Jodgmenf* and Decrees of Cora-miiTu ners to be entered in Bucks, &c.

Copies thereof to be laid before both Hot)its of Parliament. Commissioner* to issue their Warrants to Sheriffs to futn* moo Julies;

*ho are to enquire into the Value of Lands, Ac*

Penalty on Sheriffs or their Officers making Default;

end also ob

Jnton*

C. 87. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

it shall be found-necessary for his Majesty's Service, and until the Purchase Monies for the same, together with Interest from the Time of Pofltiiion having been or being taken, after the Rate of five Pounds per CVx-tumfor one Year, for the Sum th3t shall he assessed as the true Value thereof, shall be paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Com pen fat ion and Satisfaction as shall be agreed upon, or shall be found by the Verdict of a ju»y, shall be made out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament, for and in relped of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby vetted, or such of them as have been or shall be taken possession ot by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or Engineers, or other Officers afling under their Authority, for his Majesty's Use, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better ascertaining the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, vetted by, and to be purchased in pursuance of, this A<Sl, and the respective Titles and Claims of such Owners and Proprietors thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by one or more Commission or Commissions, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, toauchorise and appoint any Number of Persons to be Commissioners, to he^r and determine all Titles and Claims that shall or may be made to the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or to any Part or Parcel thereof; which Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, and shall and may in a summary Manner proceed, act, and determine, by and upon the Tdtimony of Witnessls upon Oath (which Oath they, or anyffiveor more of them, ate hereby impowered to administer), Inspection, and Examination of Deeds, Writing®, and Records; or, if requested by the Parties interfiled, by the Ir.quest of twelve good and lawful Men, to be impannelled and sworn in Manner herein after mentioned and directed, or by all or any of the said Ways, or otherwise, according to their Discrecion, all *nd all Manner of Rights, Estates, and Interests, and all Controversies, Debates, and Question®, which shall happen or arise between any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the Premises, or any Part thereof, and shall have Power to fend for any Person or Persons, and oblge them to produce their Deeds or Writings, upon Oath, relating to any of the same Premises; and also shall and may, by Agreement with the respective Person or Persons that shall be detci mined to be the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, vetted by and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or by the said Inquest of the said twelve good and lawful Men to be impannelled and sworn, esquire, proceed, act, and determine, touching and concerning the true and real Value of the said Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof; and the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby required to cause all their Judgments and Decrees to be entered fairly in Bocks, which Judgments and Decrees shall expressly mention and specify the respective House or Houses, or other Messuages or Tenements, Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, with their several Abuttals and Boundaries, together with the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons interested respectively in the same, and the respective Sum or Sums that shall be so agreed for or assessed by the said Jury to be paid for the same respectively; which Judgments and Decrees shall be fairly ingrossed on Parchment, and certified to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, and to the King's Remembrancer in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and such Judgments and Decrees, made as aforesaid, shall be final, and shall continue all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, notwithstanding any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, any Law, Statute, or Custom, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; Copies of which said Judgments and Decrees shall be laid forthwith before both Houses of Parliament, that full Compensation and Satisfaction may be made to the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better carrying the said Commission or Commissions by virtue of this present Act to be issued into Execution, the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any nveor more of them, shall and lawfully may, and are hereby authorised and required to issue forth their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to be directed to the respective Sheriffs of the Counties of Southampton and Kent, thereby commanding them to impannel, summon, and return, before the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, twenty-four good and lawful men, substantial Gentlemen, and Freeholders of the said Counties of Southampton and Kent, respectively, qualified to serve upon Juries at the Affixes, who, upon their Oaths (which Oaths the said Commissioners or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), shall enquire into, and by their VerdictI ascertain and aflef®, the true and real Value of such Messuage®, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates and Interests therein; and the said Sheriffs respectively are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Jury as aforesaid, and at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, to attend the said Commissioners with his or their Bailiffs or Officers, to prove, if necessary, upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), the summoning of the Jurors so to be impannelled and returned respectivdy: And in case the said Sheriffs, or either of them, and his or their Bailiffs or Officers, shall neglect or refuse, being duly served with such Warrant or Warrants fourteen Days or more before the Return thereof, to impannel, summon, and return such Jury, or shall not attend the said Commissioners with his and their Bailiffs or Officers, at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impose a Fine upon such Sheriffs, Bailiffs, and Officers, or either of them, so making Default, not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, for any one Offence; and if any Person so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, shall not appear at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn for 1 he Purposes aforesaid, or being sworn, shall depart without the Licence of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, before the Verdict is given, or shall not give his VerdiS, or in any other Manner jiegled his Duty in the Premises; in every such Case, the said Commissioners then assembled or met, or any

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 87.

4*5

five or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered to fct a Fine upon such Person so offending, and not having lawful Excuseto be allowed by the said Commissioners then fitting, or the major Part of them, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, upon anyone Person, for any Offence; all which Fines the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to estreat into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the Use of his Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient Jury shall not appear, upon the Return ,of the said Warrant or Warrants, to take the inquest, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act to be appointed, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time to adjourn the inquest to any future Day, nnt exceeding fourteen Days, nor less than four Days, from the Adjournment thereof, apd to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for impannelling, summoning, and returning an equal Number of Jurors to those so making Default, who, together with the Jurors before returned by the said Sheriffs respectively, upon such second Warrant or Warrants, or upon any future Warrant or Warrants, Adjournment or Adjournments, which the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to make from Time to Time, until a sufficient Jury can be had, shall esquire as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That twelve good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to take the inquest aforesaid; and that in case twelve or more shall appear upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants, then and in such Case the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act to be appointed, shall proceed to take the said inquest, and after the inquest shall be taken may adjourn to Come future Day for

making their Judgments and Decrees thereon.

VII. And be it fui

further enacted, That the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act to be appointed, or any five or more of them, shall cause Notice to be given in Writing of the Days appointed for the Meeting of fuebjurors as aforesaid, fourteen Days at lead before every such Meeting; which Notices shall be affixed at the Gates of his Majesty's Dock at Portsmouth% and on the Doors of the respective Parish Churches of Alverstoke, Luddenham, Faversham, Prejlort, and Davington, and shall likewise caure the same to be published in thz Lwdon Gazette \ and it any Person or Persons shall not appear pursuant to such Notice, or shall refuse. to shew his or their Deeds or Writings relating to the Premises, that then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and also the said Jury, shall proceed and determine, upon the heft Information they can th^n procure or obtain, to make such Inquests, Judgements, and Decrees, as herein-before directed; and all such Judgements and Decrees, being entered and certified as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Time that Payment shall be made of the Sum and Sums of Money so to be agreed for or assessed by the said Jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said Commissioners to be by virtue of this present Act appointed, or any five or more of them, to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, vested by and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any or either of them, the Trustees herein last before-mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to (land seised of such Part and Parcel of the said Pre-ir.ifes as shall be so paid for, to and for the use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner of Right, Title, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, that can or may be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Pumps, Wells, and Springs for Water, comprized in any Part of the Premises herein-before mentioned, shall be free and open to all Person and Persons, for such Right or Interest therein as they or any of them may respectively have to make use of the same, and to take the Water therefrom; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance shall, and they are hereby required, within thirty Days after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament, to make a Declaration in Writing, signed by them, or any three of them, wherein shall be specified the particular Parts or Parcels of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, hereby vested, which shall be wanted for the Purposes aforesaid; and of such Declaration, on or before the Time aforesaid, to give or leave Notice in Writing to or at themost usual Place or Places of Abode of the several Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively; and such or the like Notice shall also be affixed on the Dock Gates at Portsmouth, and on the Church Doors of the several Parishes wherein the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be comprised or mentioned in such Notice, shall respectively lie; and that all and Angular the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, hereby vested in Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, whereof no such Declaration shall be made and Notice given as aforesaid, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, from and after the said thirty Days after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament, revelled in the several Owners and Proprietors thereof respectively, for such Estates and Interests as they respectively had therein before thepaffing of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lands vested by, and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, which were before the passing of this Act liable to and charged with Tithes, Land Tax, Poor, and other Rates, in the respective Paiifties where such Lands respectively lie, shall, from the Time the same were or shall be taken possession of as aforesaid, (land and be subject and liable to and chargeable with the Payment of Tithes, Land Tax, and all other Parish Taxes and Rates, in proportion with other Lands and Premises in such respective Parishes charged and chargeable therewith; and that the said Lands and Premises so to be charged and chargeable with such Tithes, Taxes, and Rates, shall, as to so much thereof as shall not be otherwise demised or occupied by any particular Person or rer-fons, stand and be charged to, and in the Name of, and paid by, the Storekeeper of his Majesty’.s Ordnance for the Time being, at the Place or Places where such Lands respectively lie; and that such Storekeeper paying the same shall be repaid and allowed such Sum and Sums of Money as such Storekeeper shall so pay, by the Treasurer or Paymaster of his Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, on Demand thereof, who

fn eat- a fuss> cient Jury shall not aj*pe«r u^oa Return of tire Warrant, Commissioners m*yv adjourn the la-quell, and issue f heir Warrant for summoning other Juror* in Room of Defaulters. Commissioners, afrer the inquest shall be taken, may adjourn, ice*

Commissionrri to give Notice previous to their respectise Meetings.

How they are to proceed if Owners make De-fan't 10 appearing, See.

On Payment of the Sums assessVd by Jury, &c. Trustees to be deemed seised of the Pre riles for the Die of his Majesty.

Pumps, Wells, &c« to be free.

Officer* of Ordnance within 70 D»ys after Mcrt<-ing of next S*ssion in a written Declaration to specify the pa«". ticular veiled Lands, See, which wi«l be wanted for the Purposes aforesaid: And all the Lands not so spec fied rtiall be revested in the former Proprietors.

Lands to be purchased in pur-fu*nce of this Act, shall be liable to the usual Tithes and Taxes j

Tab* paid by the Sr re keeper of the Ordnance*

---

416 C. 88 - 92. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

shall be allowed the same in his Accounts; and that in case such Storekeeper, so charged and chargeable therewith, shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Tithes, Taxes, or Rates, so to be made on him as aforesaid when demanded, that then, and in every such Case, the Sum or Sums so due and claimed for such Tithes, and so to be assessed and charged on such Storekeeper, in respect of such Lands and Premises, shall and may be levied on such Storekeeper, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as upon any other Occupier of Lands liable to the Payment of any such Tithes, Tax, or Rate; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Commissioners not liable to certain Penalties.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner, who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in the Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Chapter the second; nor the first of William and Mary, Chapter the eighth; nor the thirteenth and fourteenth of William the Third, Chapter the sixth; nor the first of George the First, Chapter the thirteenth.

[Commissioners no disqualified from being Members of Parliament.]

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Commissioners as his Majesty shall nominate for the Purposes in this Act, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof in any sort be disabled or disqualified from sitting in the House of Commons, or their Election thereby become void, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, (intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction) to certain Cases not therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

"WHEREAS divers ill-disposed Persons are frequently apprehended, having upon them Implements for Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, or are found in or upon Houses, Warehouses, Stables or Outhouses, Areas of Houses, Coachhouses, inclosed Yards or Gardens belonging

to Houses, with Intent to commit Felonies; and although their evil Purposes are thereby manifested, the Power of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace to demand of them Sureties for their good Behaviour, hath not been of sufficient Effect to prevent them from carrying their evil Purposes into Execution;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[After August 1, 1783, every Person apprehended having any Implement

That if any Person or Persons shall, after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, be apprehended having upon him, her, or them, any Picklock Key, Crow, Jack, Bit, or other Implement, with an Intent feloniously to break and enter into any Dwelling-house,

Warehouse Coaeh-house, Stable, or Outhouse; or shall Housebreaking; have upon him, her, or them, any Pistol, Hanger, Cutlass, Bludgeon, or other offensive Weapon, with vr any offensive Intent feloniously to assault any Person or Persons; or shall be found in or upon any Dwelling-house, Weapon, with Warehouse, Coaeh-house, Stable, or Outhouse, or in any inclosed Yard or Garden, or Area belonging to tbal"be^deemed^a any ^ouse, with an Intent to steal any Goods or Chattels; every such Person or Persons shall be deemed a Uoguf,*c.v»ith- Rugue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the seventeenth Year in the Meaning of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws of 17 Geo. il« relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction,

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for better Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

CAP. XC.

An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for paving and regulating Church Lane, in and near the Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel and Saint George in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues and Places, within the same Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, to raise Money to defray the Expenses incurred in repairing the Parish Church.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from the same, to several Coal Mines; and also a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham.

mbh.

WHEREAS an Act was passed if* the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign* for making AugOco. I1T. and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from Birmingham to Bil/iartefihd from thence to Auihnley.y there 10 communicate with the Canal then making between thgtiRivers Severn and Trent \ and

1 u set

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 9*- 4i7

for making Collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines: And whereas an Act was passed in the ninth Year 9 Gw-1W* ‘ of his said present Majesty's Reign, to re<3ify a Mistake in the said first-mentioned Act, and to explain and amend the fame: And whereas the said Canal hath long since been completed from ccitiin Parts c of the Town of Birmingham to Autherley, as also the said Collateral Cuts in the said first Act particularly

mentioned: And whereas there are several other Tracts of Land near to the said Canal and ColLteral Cuts, wherein there are large and valuable Mines of Coal and Iron-done: And whereas the extending.

one of the present Collateral Cuts of the said Canal, from a Place near Rider's Green to Broadwater Fire Engine; also, the-extending of the said Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham^ in the County of Warwick, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Faze/ey, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, may induce the Proprietors of the Oxford and Coventry Canals to finish and complete the same, and thereby open a Communication between the said Mines and the Coventry and Oxford Canals, as also between the Counties of Bucks, Oxford, Northampton, and Warwick, and the Ports of Br/fcl, Liverpool, and Hull, and the inter- mediate Towns; and may be of Benefit and Advantage to those Counties, and tend to the Encou- ragement of Commercial Intercourse: And whereas the several Persons herein-afeer particularly named are willing and desirous, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to make and maintain such two

Extensions of Canal, and also Collateral Cuts up to the said other Tracts of Lands, and to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham: But the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authorityv of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted/ &c.

Proprietors appointed; who are incorporated by the Name of 27* Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham

and F azeley Canal Navigation. Usual Powers given. Surveys to be taken, and Maps and Book of Reference to be authenticated, and allowed in Evidence. Cuts and Canals to be made pursuant to the Plan. Land- owners omitted >in the Book of Reference, not to obstruct making the Canals and Cuts. Clause to

rectify a Mistake in the Plan in the Course of a Collateral Branch of the Canal. The Works to be begun

and carried on with as much Expedition as may be, and to be begun at Birmingham and Fazelcy at the same Time. The Company to expend 20,000l annually in carrying on the Works A Junction with the Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk Canals, to be promoted. Agreement entered into, by former Subscribers confirmed. No Works to be created nearer to Pipe Hall and Middleton Hall, than §00

4< Yards. Towing Paths in the Parish of Middleton to be made on the East Side of the Canal. Bridges to be made opposite Snake Bank Gate and Meadotv Lane, Power given to take Water from Mines within 44 1000 Yards of the Canals, &c. Clause to oblige the Proprietors of Fire Engines to lift their Water into

the Canals and Collateral Cuts. The Company of Proprietors restrained from making any Reservoir on certain Lands; and the Width of the Canal limited through the fame. Clause for taking Water out of the Canal to supply Engines, and returning it. Water not to be taken from the Canal without Notice. Disputes to be settled by the Commissioners. Clause to prevent the Company of Proprietors of the old Birmingham Canal from drawing the Water from the Wolverhampton Level below the Depth of three Feet. Clause relative to Broadivaters, Company not to take Water, which shall be raised ftom

Mines belonging to Lord Dudley and Mr. Hoo, until they shall have used it, if they think proper.

Clauses for securing the Water which supplies certain Mills and Forges; and for jueferving Mr.

fervoife*s Water, in the Parish of West Bromwich, Company to keep the Water in the Canal, upon the low Level between Rider s Green and the Mines, of such Heighth as to carry Boats with the like Burthen

as upon the high Level. Owners of Mines to make Railways. The Banks of the Water-courses 10 - be kept fufticienily Water-tight. Mine-owners may make Side Cuts across Roads, first making a temporary Road, fcfc. Water raised from Mines not to be taken unless the Produce of the Mints be carried on some Part of the Canals or Cuts. Bodies Politick, fsfc, impowered to sell and convey. The

Proprietors to purchase a Bit of Land of Dr. Petit's Trustees. Clause for taking down Buildings in

Birmingham. Proprietors to purchase Sir Thomas Gooch's Property in Park-freet and Digbcth jlrcet M within a limited Time. Thimble Mill and Blue Gate Streams to be turned under the Canal. The Water

belonging; to Plant's ATill not to be diminished. Commissioners appointed to settle Differences. In what Cases Juries to be impanelled. Jurors may be challenged. Sheriff, Cfr. making Default, to forfeit a Sum not exceeding 5l. Persons requesting Juries, to enter into Bonds to prosecute. Notice of Injury to be given

to the Company of Proprietors before Complaint is made to Commissioners. Upon Payment, or Tender of Monies, Company of Proprietors to enter to make Canals and Cuts. Verdicts, Zzfc.'to be recorded,

and Lands to become vested in the Company* Proprietors to be taxed for Lands and Buildings in the;

fame Proportions as adjoining Lands and Buildings. Purchdfe Monies to be laid out to the same - Uses. Commissioners to settle Proportion of Money to be paid to Persons interested. If Costs ar.4 44 Damages be not paid within four Months, the same may be levied by Distref's. Commissioners to enter '

Proceedings in a Book, and appoint a Clerk. Clause to prevent destroying the Works. Proprietors may raise *q,oo0l. Capital among themselves, to carry on the Works; to be divided into Shares. No

Person to have more than 15 Shares. Money to be raised to be divided into 500 Shares, at i;o/. rachr Additional Sum of 3?,coo/, may be raised if necessary. Intend to be paid to Subscribers out of the Money raised whilst the Works are carrying on. Subscribers to have a Vote for every Share. General Assemblies to be held for chusing a Committee. Committee to be under Controul of General Assembly,

General Assemblies to consist of 250 Shares. Proprietors neglecting to answer Calls, to forfeit their Shares. Subscriber forfeiting his Share shall have personal Notice, and the Forfeiture mud be declared at a Gencial Assembly. General Assemblies may make Bye-laws. On Deaih or Subscribers before Shares completed, Executors allowed to contribute. Shares may be dispofVd of After a Call, no Share to be sold, till the Money is paid. Clerk to be appointed for the Company, and his Office.

Books to be kept by the Committee* Commissioners impowered to take Rates for Tonnage and Wharfage.

418 C. 92. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

The following Rates to be taken: For all Coal, Coak, and Iron-Rone, which shall he conveyed from any of the Mines within the Liberty of Bilston, or any other Part of the Parish of Wolverhampton, 4; and the Parishes of Sedge Uy, Tipton, Wednesbury, and West Bromwich, or elsewhere, and which shall pass through the Locks from the Lower Level into the present Birmingham Canal, after the R*te of Four- pence per Ton, by Way of Lock Dues, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton: For all Coals, Coak, and Iron-stone, which shall be conveyed upon any Part of the said intended Canal, between a certain Bridge on the Birmingham Canal, called Farmer's Bridge, and Fazeley, and not passing into the Coventry Canal, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, and any greater or less Ddlance than a Mile: For all Coals, Coak, and Iron-stone, which shall be conveyed from Farmer's Bridge, to the Termination of the intended Canal, near Fazeley, and passing into the Coventry Canal, the Sum of Tcn-pence per Ton: For all Coals, Coak, and Iron-stone, which shall be conveyed from Farmer's Bridge, and be delivered at any Part of the Canal, between Farmers Bridge and the Termination of the Collateral Cut in the Land of Sir Timm Gooch, after the Rate of three Farthings per Ton, by way of Lock Dues: For all Timber, Stone, and other Goods, which shall be conveyed upon any Part of the said Canals and Collateral Cuts (except Coal and Iron-stone) one Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile: For all Coals, Coak, and Iron-stone, conveyed upon the said Collateral Branches, and not entering into or passing any of the Locks to be made between the present Canal and the Lower Level, one Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, Wharfage to be taken in certain cases. Company of Proprietors may alter the Rates from Time to Time. Mailers of Boats, &c, to give an Account in Writing to the Collegers, of Goods on Board. Collectors may weigh Goods. Navigation to be free, on Payment of Rates. No Boat under 20 Tons to pass through any Lock, without the Consent of the Company. Vessels with leftAVeight of Lading than 20 Tons may pass Locks, if not Water sufficient for 20 Tons. Owners and Occupiers of Lands may use Pleasure and other Boats on the Canal; but not to carry Goods or Passengers for Hire. Drains to be made for the Lands adjoining. Towing Paths to be fepjrated from the adjoining Lands. In case of Failure, Commissioners to do ir. In case of Company’s neglecting to repair Works, Land- owners to do it. Coals, &c. found in digging the Canal may be taken by the Proprietors of Land. Clause for allowing the working of Mines under the Camls and Cuts; and for discovering when such Mines are working. Mines to be gut by the Owners, unless the Company make Satisfaction Owners, &c. may make Cuts into the Canals and Collateral Cuts, through their own Lands. Owners of Land may ered Bridges, &c. Company restrained from erecting or taking down Buildings, tsV; except the Tenements in Church fire et, Digbeth-street, Park-street, and alThe Salutation. Land-owners may ered Warehous?s, 44 tzfc* on their own Land; but, if not done within twelve Months after Notice, the Company may build. Wharfage to be taken by Lords and Land-owners. Cranes to be erected on the Wharfs and Quays. Boat-masters or Owners made answerable for Damage done by the Crew, &c. Proper Places to be made for Boats to turn or lie in Vessels lying so as to obstruct the Navigation to be removed. Persons over-loading, and obstructing the Passage of the Canal, t?c. to forfeit five Pounds. Penalty on throwing Ballast, tffc into the Canals or Cuts. Clause respecting Persons injuring Lock Gates, idc, * 'Regulations for Vessels passing the Locks. Canals or Collateral Cuts not to be under the Power of Commissioners of Sewers. Remedy for Satisfadicm to be made in gross, or by annual Rent. Rights of Lords of Manors preserved. Persons on board having Nets, &c and not qualified, forfeit 5 /. New Commissioners to be chufen in Room of those who die, or refuse to ad. Quarter Session impowered to nominate Commissioners, in case the Survivors neglect, or a sufficient Number cannot be found in the Neighbourhood. Clause respecting the Qualification of Commissioners. Commissioners acting not being qualified, to forfeit 50l. Commissioners may act as Justices. Commissioners to give fourteen Days Notice of their Meeting% and to hold Meetings when requested. Special Meetings to be held for ascertaining Damages. No Meeting to be held but within five Miles of the Canals or Collateral Cuts. The Right, isfc. of Lands, in case the Canals or Collateral Cuts shall not be completed inten Years, or shall be dif- used, to be reconveyed to the former Owners. Chutes for the Payment of the Expences of this Act, and for Repayment of the Expences of the Persons who applied for the Biljhn Canal Bill. Subscribers negledin£ to pay their Subscriptions, they may be sued. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Writings to be without Stamps. Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form. Persons aggrieved by any Irregularity in Distress, to recover only the Special Damage. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions."

---

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo quarto GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the FOURTH Session of the

FIFTEENTH Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN,

And the FIRST Session of the

SIXTEENTH Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign

of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 24 Georgii III. Sess. 1.

1. AN Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

2. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

3. An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as allows further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to the Public, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

5. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Borrowstownness Navigable Cut or Canal, more effectually to complete and maintain the same.

6. An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland.

7. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting new Stamp-duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes; and also Stamp-duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have written or signed any Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, or any Receipt, not stamped according to Law.

8. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Dovor and the Parishes of Charlton, Buckland, River, Ewell, Lydden, Coldred, East Langdon, West Langdon, Ringwould, Saint Margaret's At Cliff, Whitfield other wise Beausfield, Guston, Hougham otherwise Huffham, Caple le Fern, and Alkham, and also the Liberty of Dovor Castle, in the County of Kent.

9. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the thirtieth War of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

11. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An Act to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases; and to amend the Laws respecting the Transportation of Offenders.

13. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and for lessening the Number of Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace to act in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia.

14. An Act to continue the Provisions of an Act of the twenty-third of his present Majesty, for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited Time.

15. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

16. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

17. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

18. An Act for regulating, and rendering more effectual, the Exaction of the Statute-work within the Shire of Edinburgh; and for authorising the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the District of Laswade, a further Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the Personal Security of the said Trustees; and for further repairing the Roads within the said District.

19. An Act for settling the Rates of the Carriage of Passengers and Goods for Hire to and from the Isle of Wight.

20. An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer, for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts.

21. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, at Newhaven, in the County of Sussex.

22. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry.

23. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster.

24. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to The Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby; and from Ilkeston to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby; and from Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham; except so far as relates to the Road leading from Ilkeston to the Town of Shipley.

25. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory’s Mill to Hitchin, and from Welwyn, through Codicot to Hitchin, in the County of Hertford.

26. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Passage Way in Kingswear, oppofte Clifton Dartmouth Hardness; and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbott’s Kerswell to Five Lanes; and from Langver’s Barn to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Monk's Bridge and Brixham Quay; and from Langver’s Barn to the North End of Paington Town, all in the County of Devon.

27. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Lostwithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Lanthorne; and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethim Mill, in the Parish of Saint Just, in the said County.

28. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle-Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town’s End; and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Town's End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field, in the County of Northampton.

29. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the sixteenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County; and from thence to Piers- Bridge, on the River Tees.

30. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Read from the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Swindon, to the North End or Side of the Town of Marlborough and from the said Town of Marlborough to the Village of Everley, in the County of Wilts.

31. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon.

32. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Cosham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Chichester.

33. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the County of Carmarthen; and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County.

34. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the Market Place in Donington; and from the Tenth Mile Stone in the Parish of Gosbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 24 Georgii III. Sess. 1.

1. AN Act for naturalizing John Christian Splitgerber and Sebastian Fridag.

2. An Act for naturalizing Michael Peter Touray.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Morley, in the County of Derby.

4. An Act to enable the Honourable Richard Lumley, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Savile, pursuant to the Will of Sir George Savile Baronet, deceased.

5. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Walter Nisbet Esquire, with Anne Blomberg, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for naturalizing Augustus Everard Brande.

7. An Act for naturalizing Detlev Bonaventura Eicke and John Henry Hecker.

8. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there called Richmond Park or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Caroline, Baroness of Greenwich, and her Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration.

9. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Charles late Duke of Bolton, deceased, devised and settled by his Will, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Limitations limited, created, and expressed in the said Will, for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution a Decree and certain Orders of the High Court of Chancery for Sale of the same Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement made between the Lord Bishop of Norwich and Jacob Preston Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Norfolk.

11. An Act to enable William Hunt Grubbe Esquire, and Walter Hunt Grubbe Gentleman, and, after their several Deaths, the Guardians of their respective Issue, to make Leases of their settled Estates in the County of limits, and in the City of Bristol.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of Leyburn, and Parish of Wensley, in the North Riding of the County of York.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Woods, Waste Lands, and Other Commonable Places in the Parish of Andevor, in the County of Southampton.

14. An Act to enable David Edward Lexers Esquire, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard Lloyd, late of Wern Newith, in the County of Cardigan, Esquire, deceased.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 24 Georgii III. Sess. 2.

1. AN Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

2. An Act to impower the East India Company to make a Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock, at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

3. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk.

4. An Act for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorised by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bitstone and Antherley, with the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorised by an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley; and for consolidating their Shares; and amending the said last mentioned Act.

5. An Act for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Markets within the Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Marketplace; and for taking down the present Slaughter Houses within the said Town, and erecting others in a more proper Situation.

6. An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

7. An Act for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland concerning Manufactories; and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the two Manufactories, called The Rope and Sope Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

8. An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland.

9. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland to cancel Bonds, given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned.

10. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

11. An Act for laying additional Duties upon Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles), and for more effectually securing the Duties upon Candles.

12. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to encrease the Capital Stock of the said Company.

13. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

14. An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties; and for vesting his Estates in Trustees; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Shrewsbury and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop.

16. An Act to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from the Mediterranean Seas in unqualified Ships; and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as enacts, that no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

17. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Borough of Dunheved otherwise Launceston, and Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall; and for vesting the Aftermowth of certain Common Lands within the Borough, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for laying additional Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards and Scaleboards; and for explaining certain Doubts respecting the Duties imposed by an Act made in the Twenty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repeating the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

19. An Act to revive and continue an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited time; and for extending several Acts of Parliament relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

20. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters, for assaying wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, so far as relates to the said Town of Sheffield.

21. An Act for the Preservation and Encouragement of the Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing the Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, and all undressed or untawed British Coney Skins, and for preventing any of the said Skins from being stained or dyed; and for the Importation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom Duty free.

22. An Act for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by way of Chance.

23. An Act for further continuing, for a limited time, an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

24. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

25. An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies.

26. An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorises the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes.

27. An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches.

28. An Act for authorising the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty's Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty for taking the French Frigate called L'Amazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

29. An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also for revesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors.

31. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable.

32. An Act to postpone the Payment of the Sum of two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

33. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

34. An Act for the Relief of the East India Company with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company, and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company.

35. An Act to impower the Bishop of London for the Time being, or any other Bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the Order of Deacon or Priest, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty's Dominions, without requiring them to take the Oath of Allegiance as appointed by Law.

36. An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain; and for granting in lieu thereof other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to make or sell Wax Candles in Great Britain.

37. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets, by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing Frauds in the Revenue, carried on by the Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets; and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage.

38. An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and also several Duties on inhabited Houses; and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee; and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon.

39. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

40. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Linens printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain; and for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same; and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with Cotton, not painted, printed, stained or dyed in foreign Parts.

41. An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned.

42. An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual, an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain Possession of Goods or Money, by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants and Apprentices, so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

43. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game.

44. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty four; for appropriating the Monies arising by the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, and also by a Land Tax, granted to His Majesty by Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

45. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

46. An Act to discontinue, for a limited time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for destroying all Homemade and Foreign Spirits, after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentosh, in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

47. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom.

48. An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch and Sope.

49. An Act for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas; and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk.

50. An Act to revive and continue several Laws, relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in American and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages.

51. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail; and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences; and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into this Kingdom.

52. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty four.

53. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain.

54. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

55. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction.

56. An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders; and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second; and to repeal the said Act.

58. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices or Servants.

59. An Act for extending, amending and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrowstowness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

60. An Act for raising Money to discharge Debts contracted on account of the Poor within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and enlarging the present Workhouse of the said Parish; and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer of the same Parish.

61. An Act for amending several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane; and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford.

62. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act to amend and render more effectual so much of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through Mathew Street, and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunna Bridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelham and New Quay, in the said County, as relates to the Roads leading from the Lower Market House, in Tavistock aforesaid, to Old Town Gate, in Plymouth aforesaid, and from Manadon Gate, to the Old Pound, near Plymouth Dock.

64. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening the several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes in the County of Devon.

65. An Act for completing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Rowd Ford, through the Devizes Market Place, to Sheppard's Shord; and from the East End of Devizes to the Top of Red Hone, in the County of Wilts; and for changing and altering Part of the said Road.

66. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Meeting House in the Parish of Llanegwad, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llanddarog; and from Dan yr Alt in the said Parish of Llanegwad, to Pont y Berem in the Parish of Llangendeirne, in the County of Carmarthen.

67. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, through Frankfort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge; and from the West End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County; for lighting, watching and watering the said Road; and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the same.

68. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Brond Oak, in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also for making, altering and widening the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge; and from thence through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End; and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County.

69. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties.

70. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and from Bracken Bar Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal; and also the Road from the Four Lane Ends in Marthwaite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Hause, leading from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said County of Westmorland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 24 Georgii III. Sess. 2.

1. AN Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of the Honourable Edward Earl of Derby, deceased, in the several Counties of Warwick, Chester, and Cambridge, in the Right Honourable Edward the present Earl of Derby, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said present Earl of Derby in the County of Lancaster, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same.

2. An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange, agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of Saint David's, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Battesford, in the County of Gloucester, and Thomas Edwards Freeman Esquire, of certain Grounds and other Hereditaments within the said Parish.

3. An Act for impowering the Trustees of the Will of John Okill, deceased, to sell certain Leasehold Estates in Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Preference to his Estates of Inheritance, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates late of Sir Robert Sutton Knight, deceased, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns; and for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Sir Richard Sutton, situate in Bleazby and Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

5. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Undivided inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Longnor, in the Parish of Allstonfield, in the County of Stafford.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of Somerset.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors and Lordships of Hextrope with Bally, and Long Sandall, in the Soke of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for naturalizing John Joseph Mary Poulain.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lower Brailes, in the County of Warwick.

10. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend James Dalton, Rector of the Parish of Stanmore, in the County of Middlesex, and George Drummond Esquire, of certain Lands within the said Parish.

11. An Act to explain and amend a Power veiled in John Dalton Esquire, so grant Leases, so far as it concerns certain Lands and Hereditaments within the Town or Precincts of Lancaster, called The Fryerage, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for vesting the Estate or Dalziell, lying in the County of Lanerk, in James Hamilton Esquire, and others, in Fee Tail, under the Conditions and Limitations within mentioned; and for vesting in the said James Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Roschall, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, intailed by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same.

14. An Act for replacing the Sum of five thousand five hundred Pounds, raised by Sale of six thousand two hundred and six Pounds four Shillings, Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, Part of seventeen thousand Pounds, like Annuities, mentioned in the Marriage Settlement of John Dalrymple Esquire, and Eleanor his Wife, and applied in the Purchase of certain Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estate, in the County of Southampton; and for vesting such Estates in Edward Mordant Esquire.

15. An Act to enable the Trustees named in the Will of Samuel Egerton Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised; and for vesting Part of the Timber on certain other Parts of the devised Estates in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting Part of the Town Fields, and the Whole of the Town Green, of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Loxley Chace, lying Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of Wadsley, and also certain other Commons or Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields and Mesne inclosures within the said Manor of Wadsley, all within the Parish of Ecclesfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Ecclesfield, and the several Soakes or Districts of Southey and Grennofirth, within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York

21. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Goodhart.

22. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir William Rowley, to apply Part of the Trust Monies in rebuilding the Mansion House called Tendring Hall, and Offices, in the County of Suffolk.

23. An Act for inverting the Estates late of Thomas Barlow Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees to be sold, to raise Money to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Annuities, Incumbrances, and Legacies charged upon and affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in Tugby, in the County of Leicester.

25. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land called The Reaches, Marsh, and Holmes's, in and near to the said Parish of Frampton.

27. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend John Dewes Clerk, in the Counties of Hants, Surrey, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

28. An Act to impower Margaret Bowes Spinster, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Thoroton, and Anne his Wife, and the Reverend Robert Croft, and Elizabeth his Wife, to grant Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Northumberland, and County Palatine of Durham; and for vesting certain Parts of the same Estates in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

29. An Act for vesting Part of the several Estates of Richard Whitworth Esquire, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of his unsettled Estates in the same County, of greater Value.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. vicesimo quarto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the thirty-first Day of October, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the eleventh Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; being the fourth Session of the fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

CAP. II.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

[Continued to April 20, 1784.]

CAP. III.

An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as allows further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to the Publick, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament,

[23 Geo. III. Cap. 83, recited.]

intituled, An Act for granting Relief to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to the Publick, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors, at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of Drawbacks on East India Goods; it is, among other Things, enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to postpone and allow further Time for the Payment of the Sum of six hundred forty-four thousand seven hundred forty-three Pounds seventeen Shillings and Two-pence, which became due for Customs at the several Times in the said Act mentioned; and of the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, which became due on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and to allow Time for Payment of such Sums as should become due for Customs before the tenth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or any Part or Parts of the said several Sums respectively, unto such Time or Times as they should think fit, not exceeding forty Days next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that such Power should be continued for a further Time:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Commissioners of the Treasury may allow the Company further]

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to postpone and allow further Time for the Payment of the said Sum of six hundred

420 C. 4 — 6. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 1.

[Time for the Payment of their Debts due to the Publick.]

forty-four thousand seven hundred forty-three Pounds seventeen Shilling and Two pence, which became due for Customs at the several Times in the said Act mentioned, and of the said Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, which became due on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and to allow Time for Payment of such Sums as shall become due for Customs before the tenth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or any Part or Parts of the said several Sums respectively, unto such Time or Times as they shall think fit, not beyond the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and if the said United Company do and shall pay the said Sums respectively at such Time or Times to which the said Payments, or any Part thereof respectively, shall be postponed as aforesaid, the same shall be accepted and received in like Manner as if the said Sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective Days on which the said Sums became due; and the said United Company, upon such Payment at such postponed Time or Times, shall be freed and discharged from all Damages, Interest, and Losses, which they became liable to by Means of not having made the said Payments respectively at the several Times on which the same became due, and shall be intitled unto, and have the same Discounts, Allowances, and Advantages, as if the said Sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective Days on which they became due; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

[4s.]

CAP. V.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Borrowstownness Navigable Cut or Canal, more effectually to complete and maintain the same.

CAP. VI.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland.

[Preamble. Recital of 4 Geo. III. Cap. 24.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters, and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Letters or Packets sent by the Post, to or from any Place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Postage, except such Letters and Packets as are therein excepted: And whereas a Post-office in the Kingdom of Ireland is intended to be established, independent of that of Great Britain, in which Case it will be necessary that proper Regulations be made for carrying on the Correspondence by Post, between Great Britain and Ireland, and that no Letters or Packets (except in the Cases herein-after to be mentioned) should pass free of Postage from the one Kingdom to the other:' For which Purpose, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Part of the recited Act repealed from the establishment of a General Post-office by the Irish Parliament.]

That, immediately from and after the Establishment of a General Post-office in Ireland, by the Authority of the Parliament of that Kingdom, so much of the said Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Letters and Packets, printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, passing by the Post free from the Duty of Postage, from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. 'And whereas the Conveyance of Letters and Packets from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, is intended to be defrayed at the Expence of the Revenue of Great Britain,' be it therefore further enacted,

[Not to deprive the Postmaster-general of the Postage to and from Ireland.]

That nothing herein contained shall deprive, or be construed to deprive, the Postmaster-general for the Time being, and his Deputies, of the Postage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, or prevent the said Postmaster-general, and his Deputies, from demanding, having, receiving, and taking, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates by any Act or Acts of Parliament payable for the same.

[Certain additional Rules allowed to the Postmaster-general, to be accounted for to the Post-office in Ireland.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Postmaster-general, and his Deputies, and he and they are hereby required to demand and receive, for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets for Great Britain, carried by the Post within any Part of Ireland, in Addition to the Rates of Postage hereby reserved, such further Rates of Postage as shall, upon the Establishment of a Post-office in Ireland, be charged for Conveyance of Letters and Packets therein, by any Act or Acts to be hereafter made by the Parliament of that Kingdom; and that his Majesty's Postmaster-general shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to account for and pay to the Revenue of the Post-office of Ireland, quarterly, such Postage so to accrue within the Kingdom of Ireland, and to be received within that or Great Britain.

[A temporary Allowance to be made to the Post-office in Ireland.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, until the General Post-office of Ireland shall have established Packet Boats for the Port and Conveyance of Letters and Packets from Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed in Account, from the General Letter-office or Post-Office in Great Britain, to the Revenue of the Post-office in Ireland, a Sum not exceeding four thousand Pounds per Annum,

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7. 421

by quarterly Payments, in lieu as well of the Profits of the said Packets, as in Compensation for other Purposes.

[General Post-office in Ireland to be conveyed to the Postmaster-general there.]

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Postmaster-general of Great Britain, and all and every other Person and Persons in whom the Buildings erected in Dublin, and known by the Name of The General Post-office in Ireland, are or shall be vested, shall, and he and they are hereby severally authorised and required, so soon as a Post office shall be established in Ireland, by Authority of the Parliament of that Kingdom, to assign over and convey to the Postmaster-general of Ireland for the Time being, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, without any Consideration being paid for the same, all and singular the said Buildings, and all Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, in and to the same.

[Postmaster-general may authorise certain Persons to send and receive printed Votes &c. to and from Ireland.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Postmaster general for the Time being to authorise certain Persons to send and receive printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, to and from Great Britain and Ireland, at the Rate of one Penny only for each printed Vote and Proceeding in Parliament, and each printed Newspaper, over and above the printed Price thereon, to be carried to the Revenue of the Post-office of Great Britain; and all printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, so sent and received, shall be free from any other Rate of Postage whatsoever.

[Any Person may send printed Votes, &c. by the Post, for 1d. each, provided the Packets are open at each End.]

VII. Provided, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatsoever to send any printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, to and from Great Britain and Ireland, at the Rate of one Penny only for the Carriage of each printed Vote and Proceeding in Parliament, and each printed Newspaper; such printed Votes, Proceedings, and printed Newspapers, when so sent, to be open at both Ends; the Penny required to be paid for the Carriage of the same to be paid when the said printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, shall be put into the Post-office; which printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, shall be marked Post paid, and the Money received thereon shall be carried to the Revenue of the Post-office of Great Britain.

CAP. VII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting new Stamp-duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes; and also Stamp-duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have written or signed any Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, or any Receipt, not stamped according to Law.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging a Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demandand for granting new Stamp-duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes; and also Stamp-duties on Receipts); it was enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; (that is to say,) For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piecte of Paper, upon which any Foreigner Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, mould be ingrossed, written or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, should not amount to the Sum of fifty Pounds, there should be charged a Stamp-duty of Six- pencej and for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, should be in- grossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, should amount to the Sum of fifty Pounds, or upwards, there should be charged a Stamp-duty of one Shilling: And it was enacted, That, from and after the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- three, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain,

the several Rates and Duties following; (that is to say,) For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt or other Discharge given upon the Payment of Money,

amounting to two Pounds, and not amounting to the Sum of twenty Pounds, should be ingossed,

written, or printed, there should be charged a Stamp-duty of Two-pence; and for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt or other Discharge given upon the Payment of Money, amounting to the Sum of twenty Pounds, and upwards, should be ingossed,

written, or printed, there should be charged a Stamp-duty of Four-pence: And it was further enacted by the said Act, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Distributions of Penalties, and For- feitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed and appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, should be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Duties thereby imposed, and (hoQld be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said new Duties thereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, Is fully and effectually, to all Iritents and Purposes, as if the fame

had severally and respectively been thereby enacted, with relation to the said new Duties thereby imposed:

Sess. i.

422

No Perfofl, ifttr Much *5, J7S4, to write or sign any Bill of Exchange, Prom iffory Note, or Receipt, liable to any Stamp-foty by the Act of lift Session, except on damped Paper, See, on Penalty of 5l.

All Personi indemnified for haring signrd such Receipts, &c. on undamped Paper, before he Commencement of tbia

a a.

Drafts on Bankers, not payable to the Bearer, to be liable to the lame Duties at Bill* of Exchange, ltc4

Notes, &c. under 40s. not liable to any Doty.

Persons required to give a Receipt may provide the Stamp, and charge the Value thereof. Receipts for the Purchase Money in any Publick Fund, or for Dividends thereof, not Ihb'.e to the Duty;

nor those for Drawbacks, Sec,

C. 7. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

And whereas by several of the Laws now in Force, relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, it was enacted, That if any Person or Persons should ingross or write, or cause to be in- grofled or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any of the Matters or Things for which the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is thereby charged to pay any Duty, before such Time as the faii Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or upon which there shall not be some Mark or Stamp resembling the fame; or should ingross or write, or cause to be ingrossed or written, any Matter or Thing upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that should be marked or stamped for any lower Duty than the Duty by such Acts payable for what should be so ingrossed or written, such Person so offending should, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds and by other of the said Laws the Penalty and Forfeiture imposed on such Offence is ten Pounds: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament extends any

or either, and which of the Penalties prescribed by the said former Acts of Parliament, to Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, and Receipts or other Discharges given for the Payment of Money, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not properly damped:’ For Remedy whereof, and to obviate such Doubts, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every Person or Persons who shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, any Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, or any Receipt or other Discharge given for the Payment of Money, liable to any Stamp-duty charged by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, without the same being fird duly damped as in and by the said Act is directed, or upon which there mail not be some Stamp or Mark resembling the same, he, she, or they shall, for every such Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, or any such Receipt or other Discharge, so written or signed, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as in and by the said recited Act is directed, or in Manner herein after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be liable to any Prosecution for having written or signed, or caused to be written or signed, previous to the Commencement of this Act, any Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, or any Receipt or other Discharge for the Payment of Money, upon any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not duly damped according to the Directions contained in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament.

III. And whereas Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money on Demand upon any Banker, or Person or Persons ailing as a Banker, residing or transailing the Business of a Banker within ten Miles of the Place of Abode of the Person or Persons drawing such Draft or Order, are exempted by the said herein-before recited Ail from the Payment of the Stamp-duty thereby imposed: And whereas it might tend to prevent Evasions, if such Exemption was confined to Drafts or Orders made payable to the Bearer be it therefore further enacted, That all Drafts or Orders, for the Payment of Money on Demand, upon any Banker, Person or Persons ailing as Bankers, which are not drawn payable to the Bearer, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be liable to and charged with the Stamp-duties by the said herein-before recited Act imposed upon Foreign or Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, of other Notes, Drafts, or Orders; the herein-before recited Exemption in the said Ail to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it was not the Intention of the said recited Ail to subjcil to any Stamp-duty any

Note, Draft, or Order, which may be legally given for any Sum not amounting to forty. Shillings £ therefore be it enacted, That no Stamp-duty shall be required for or on account of any Draft, Order, or Note, which may legally be given, wherein the Sum expressed or made payable does not amounr to the Sum of forty Shillings.

V. And whereas, by the said herein-before recited Ail, the Duty thereby granted on Receipts is directed to be paid by the Person requiring the same (except as therein is excepted), and a Penalty is by this Act imposed on any Person who shall give a Receipt on any Parchment, Vellum, or Paper, not properly stamped as by the said Act is directed: And whereas it would be a great Convenience to Traders and others to furnish the Receipt properly stamped, if they were allowed to make a Charge thereof;’ be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons required to give any Receipt, to provide the Paper stamped and marked as by the said recited Ail is directed; and such Person or Persons shall and may add the Value of the Stamp to the Debit of the Account of the Person requiring the same, or to the Demand, for the Discharge of which the said Receipt was required; which said Charge so made shall be allowed to be good and valid in any Court of Law or Equity.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in the herein-before recited Act contained, shall extend* or be construed to extend, to charge or impose any Stamp-duty upon any Receipt given or to be given for the Consideration for the Purchase of any Share in any Publick Stock or Fund, or in the Stocks of the Corporations of the Bank of England, East India Company, ox South Sea Company, or for the Dividends paid or payable on such Shaies of the said Stocks.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act, or in the before-recited Ail of the last Session, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Receipt given or required to be given for any Money payable by Law to any Merchants for Drawbacks or Bounties upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandizes from this Kingdom, nor to any Certificates of over Entry of any Duties of Customs, nor to any Portage Bills allowed to Masters of Ships or Vessels for making a just and true Report of their Caigo at the Custom-house; any Thing in this Act, or any Other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

7

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7. 421

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bill of Exchange, Prorrtiflbry or other Note, Receipt or other Discharge given for the Payment of Money, required to be stamped by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament* shall be permitted to be stamped at any Time after the same shall, have been written or signed, unless upon Payment of the Sum of ten Pounds; and the proper Officer and Officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment of the Duty, and the said Sum of ten Pounds, unto him or them, to give a Receipt for the same, and to mark or stamp such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Receipt or other Discharge given for the Payment of Money, with the Mark or Staftip required by the said herein-before recited Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, or the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, which subjects the Offender to the Penalty of five Pounds for writing or signing, or causing to be written or signed, any Bill of Exchange, Promissory or o'her Note, or any Receipt or other Discharge given upon the Payment of Money, without the same being first duly stamped; which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made, in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side. and to examine into the Matter of FaS; and upon due Proof made thereof either by the voluntary Confection of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture as in and by this Act is directed, and to award and issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the levying the said Penalty of five Pounds so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender; and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (ifany); and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found (efficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied: And if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, which shall happen after fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have been made, and of which Appeal reasonable Notice shall be given, who are hereby irapowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame: And in case the Judge-, roent of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fit (reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well, in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed, over and above such Mitiga- ttonj, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than a Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be furrmoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, or to the herein-before recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed (his or her reasonable Expences being first paid or tendered), without a reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is herein directed as toother Penalties, without a reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this Act (the necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof bring first deduSed) shall be divided and distributed, one Moiety thereof to the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp-duties (or some Person authorised by him to receive the same), for the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to be convicted before any Justice of Peace for any Offence committed against this Act, or an Act, intituled, An Act for repealing-an Act, made in the twenty second Year of his present Afajc/ly, intituled, 4i An Act for charging a Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting new Stamp-duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, and also Stamp-duties on Receipts; unless Complaint or Information shall be made or exhibited against such Person or Persons withia one Year after such Offence commuted*

No BUI of Exchange, Note, or Receipt, 'O be stamprd after written or signed, unlcf* pon Payment of 10 L

Any neighbouring Joftke may determine Offences igainst this Act.

Penalties may* be levied by Di*stress.

On Failure of D.stress, Offender to be committed. Persons aggrieved may (on giving proper Security) appeal to

the Quarter Sessions,

whose Determination shall be final.

Justice may mitigate Penalties*

Penalty on Persons summoned as Witnesses who shall neglect to appear.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be applied.

Complaints, Sec, under this Act, to be made with-' in a Year after the Offence*

424 C. 8. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 1.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Dovor and the Parishes of Charlton, Buckland, River, Ewell, Lydden, Coldred, East Langdon, West Langdon, Ringwould, Saint Margaret's At Cliff, Whitfield otherwise Beausfield, Guston, Hougham otherwise Huffham, Caple le Fern, and Alkham, and also the Liberty of Dovor Castle, in the County of Kent.

[Preamble.]

j pointed.

Style o/ the ‘Court.

On Death. &c. of Commissionera, new ones 10 be appointed.

fjualifiratfon of Commisstofleri.

WHEREAS the Town and Port of Dovor, and the adjacent Parishes of Charlton, Buckland, River, Ewell, Lydden, Coldred, East Langdon, West Langdon, Ringwould, Saint Margaret's At Cliff, Whitfield

otherwise Beausfield, Guston, Hougham otherwise Huffham, Caple le Fern, and Alkham, and the Liberty of Dovor Cujlle, in the Couniy of Kent, are very populous; and there is a commodious Harbour belonging to the Paid Town and Port, by Means whereof a confuierable Trade is carried on within the Paid Town and Port, and the several Parishes and Liberty aforesaid: And whereas many Per- Tons within the Limits before mentioned contract Small Debts, and frequently refuse (although well able) to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragements their Creditors lie under, from the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delay they meet with, in suing for such Debts: And, if a 4 more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the Limits aforesaid was established, it would tend to promote Industry, and support useful Credit therein :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That James Hammond Esquire, the present Mayor of the said Town and Port; Michael Ruffe I, John Latham, Thomas Bateman Lane, Edmund Barham, Henry Jelly, James Gunman, Phineas Stringer, and James Walker, Esquires, Jurats and Justices of the Peace of and for the said Town and Port; the present Members who serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port 5 the present Recorder or Steward of the said Town and Port; Edward Lumper, Robert Kennett, John Jiken, Thomas Boyton, John Smithett, John Ridley, Robert Broadley, Thomas Styles, William Star r, John Pilcher, William Cowley, Jegon Wellard, Samuel Walton, William Walker, Robert Thompfion, Thomas Gibbon Boykctt, Robert Finnis, Brook Sampson, William King* John Mitchell, Thomas King, Thomas Wood, JVidiam Reynolds, Mathew Kennett, Thomas Walker, and John Ratcliff, Common Council Men of the said Town and Port; and the Mayor, Jurats, and Common Council Men, the two Members who serve in Parliament, and the Recorder or Steward of and for the said Town and Port, for the Time being; and also Tlvnas Solly,' George Hannam, James Lamb, John Barber, John Wickes Bradbridve, George Finch, Thomas Beck, William Wood the younger, Edward Bowles, Thomas Elve, Thomas Gilbee, James Willis, Thomas Harrison, John Dray, Samuel Latham, John Thomas, Thomas Mantle, Thomas Andrews, Thomas Huntley, William Webb, Benjamin Glandfield, William Pierce, George Alcrrifon, Richard Wither den, and William Beecham, being Inhabitants, Householders, and resident within the said Town and Port, and their Successors, to be defied in Manner herein after mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners to hear and finally determine all causes for the Recovery of all Debts contracted within the said Town and Port of Dovor, and the several Parishes before mentioned, and also the said Liberty of Dovor Caffle, above the Sum of two Shillings, and under the Sum of forty Shillings; and the said Commissioners shall be, and are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Style of The Court of Requests in the Town and Port of Dovor; and if any Person herein-before appointed a Commissioner (except the Mayor, Jurats, and Common Council Men, and also the two Members who serve in Parliament, and the Recorder or Steward of and for the said Town and Port, for the Time being), of any Person who shall hereafter be chosen and appointed a Commissioner in pursuance of this Act, shall die, or be chosen one of the Common Council Men of the said Town and Port, or shall cease to be a Householder, or remove out of the said Town and Port, or shall refuse or neglect to act as a Commissioner for the Space of one whole Year (such Death, Removal, Refusal, or Neglect, being declared at a Meeting of the said Commissioners), then, and in every such Case, the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall, and are hereby required, at a Meeting to be appointed within three Calendar Months next after such Vacancy shall be declared as aforesaid, elect one other fit and proper Person. being an Inhabitant, Householder, and resident within the said Town and Port, to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner dying, being chosen one of the Common Council Men of the said Town and Port, ceasing to be a Householder, or removing out of the said Town and Port, or refilling or neglecting to act as aforesaid; and every Person who shall be so appointed a Commissioner is hereby vested with the same Power and Authority, in all Respects, to act in the Execution of this Act, as if he had been originally named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person (except the Mayor, Jurats, and Common Council Men, and the two Members who serve in Parliament, and the Recorder or Steward of and for the said Town and Port, for the Time being), shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless, at the Time of his acting, he shall be an Inhabitant, Householder, and resident within the said Town and Port, and shall be in the actual Possession and Enjoyment of a real Eftare of the clear yearly Value of thirty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possdTed of a personal Estate to the Amount or Value of five hundred Pounds; and that no Person whomsoever shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have first taken an Oath to the following Effect:

OmmiiJioiicrs

Oad),

Y A* B* do swear, That I will impartially and honestly, according to the best of my Judgement, hear

X and determine all such Matters and causes a a shall be brought before me as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for

A.D. 178*. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8. 425

/*rr /tf/y and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Dovor, and the Pari fists of

Charlton, Auckland, River, Ewell, Lydden, CoIdredy East Langdon;. Weft Langdon, Ringwould, 1 Saint Margaret’s At Cliff, Whitfield otherwifi Beausfidd, Gufton, Hougham othenmJefAxifr^m, Caple

leFern, and Alkham, and also the Liberty of Dovor Castle, in the County of Kent, without Favour or

Affeftian to any of the Parties.

Which Oath the Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, to the said Court, or any one of the said Commissioners, is hereby impowered to administer in open Court; and a Memorial thereof shall be entered by the said Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, in the Register of the said Court, to be provided and kept as here in-after mentioned; and if any Person, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Commissioner in Penalty on asti the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, far every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, 1

wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof, on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and Commissioner* are hereby impowered and required to assemble, fit, and hold the said Court, in the Guildhall of the ^hoid Courts Town and Port of Dovor aforesaid, upon Tuesday the twentieth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and also to assemble, fit, and hold the said Court (in the said Guildhall, or in such other Place, within the said Town and Port, to which they shall from Time to Time think proper to adjourn the fame] upon the first Tuesday in every Month thenafter, for ever; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and finally determine all Crvufes-for the Recovery of Debts contracted within the said Town, and Port, and the Pariines and Liberty aforesaid, as shall be under the Sum of forty Shillings, and above the Sum of two Shillings, and to make such'

Orders and Decrees, and pronounce such Judgements therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with Costs, against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods and Chattels, of all Persons against whom they shall make such Orders and Decrees, as to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of then*, shall appear just in Law, Equity, and good Confidence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall, and Commissioner are hereby authorised and requited to hold four Special Meetings in every Year, at the Guildhall of the n^wl

said Town and Port, upon the fi ft Thursdays after Alidfumtner-day, Michaelmas day, Christmas-day, and j^g# er

Lady-day, the first of which Meetings shall be holden upon the first Thurslay after Mjdfitmmer-day> one thousand seven hundred and eighty four; and the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them,

may from Time to Time adjourn any of the said Special Meetings to such Place, within the said Town

and Port, and for such Time (not exceeding fourteen Days), as they shall think proper; and it shall be Chrnmissioncn

lawful for the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, at such respective Quarterly Meetings, m^Q^r9

or Adjournment thereof, to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as they shall think proper, for JeiuUioi\hdr

the better regulating of their Proceedings in the Execution of this Act 5 provided all such Orders, Ruses^ Procutinp*

and Regulations, be conformable to the Directions, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act, and so as the same do not extend to the* increasing or lefi- ning of any of the Fees herein after authorised to be taken:

And that in case it shall happen, at any Monthly Court, or at any of the Quarterly Meetings of the (hid*

Commissioners, that the Commissioners present shall be equally divided upon any Question, that then the Droning by*

calling Vote shall be given by the Mayor of the said Town and Port, in case he shall be present; or, in thee^'

case the Mayor shall not be present, then by the Recorder or Steward of the said Town and Port, in case 10

he shall be present; or, in case the Recorder or Steward shall not be present, then by the senior Jurat of 81

the said Town and Port, who shall be present; or, in case none of the said Jurats shall be present, then by the senior Common Council Man of the said Town and Port, who shall be present; or, in case none of the said Common Council Men shall be present, then by such of the said Commissioners uhofe Name shall

(land first in the List of Commissioners to be put up in the said Court as herein after mentioned; and in

case no Commissioner, whose Name shall (land in such Lift, shall be present in the said Court, then by the

senior Commissioner then present.

V. And be it further enacted, That Robert Westfield Gentleman, the present Town Clerk, being an In- Clerk lodSer-habitant, Householder, and resident within the find Town and Port, shall be, and is hereby constituted ie#ot*PPoia»d*>, and appointed. Clerk of the said Court; and that Samuel Shaw, the present Town Serjeant, being an* In-

habitant of the said Town and Port, shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed, Serjeant of the said Court; and that the said Clerk and Serjeant shall continue in such their respective Offices during their '

good Behaviour; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may, at their first r

or any subsequent Court, appoint some proper Person (being an Inhabitant of the said Town and Pore) to

be the Deputy Clerk of the said Court, in order to execute the Office of Clerk, at such Times as the Clerk

shall, by Sickness or other wise, be prevented from attending the said Court; and that as often^as the Office Commissidaer*

of Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or Serjeant, shall become vacant, by the Death or Resignation, or* by the Re- ro *>point oti*

moval out of the said Town and Port, of any such Officer, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised and required, at their fift or second Cou*t tnen next, to ap--

Sint another Officer of the said Court (being qualified in the same Manner as such Officer so dying, re- ning, or removing out of the said Town and Port) in the Room of such Person as shall die, resign, or remove out of the said Town and Port: Provided always, That such Deputy Clerk of rhu ffid Court (half Dfpoty CUik tm> not be appointed, but by the Approbation and Consent of the Clc; k of the fair! Court for the Time being, j*

provided he shall assign sufficient Reasons, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any three or byt c e

So help me GOD.

more

426

Couth may suspend the Serjeant for Milbs-haviour.

Commissioneri to hear md de»

terfrine uuon Complaints ati-iinil (bur of-/ket.

Lift of the Com*

rmtfioners to fce pi t up in the Court.

Fight Commis*

fiontr* to re summoned 10 attend upon every Coin l Day.

Commissioners not lumnirned may a'tmd.

AH the Commif-

fionc-t' tu be

/’ummo’ir: to attend Lvi.urMy Meet ngs, for chuJjn^ Ouicers, arH Qa te.ly iOjct’ p.

A suflic ent Kunihei n t at* ten’i/i, tr»e Court o be ad joirr.c d. Moderf pro-cti’ding tu Ue-covety ot Debt* of^»r ;« of a w and under 40s.

C. 3. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sd£ r.

more of them* against any such Appointment; but if n3 P * f ' fh ili be assigned, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of tium, then ih>*\ shall and may, if they think proper, appoint such Deputy Clerk, without the Approbation or Content of the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if Complaint shall be made to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at any of the said Monthly Courts, of any Mifbctuviour or Neglect of Duty of the Serjeant to the said Court, then the said Commissioners, or any three r moreef them, shall and may, at the lame or any subsequent Court, examine into such Complaint, upon the Oath of any credible Witness; and may, if they shall think proper, suspend such Seijeaiu from his laid Office, and appoint a proper Person (being an Inhabitant of the said Town and Port) to execute the said Office, in the room of the Person so suspended, until the next Quarterly Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be holden as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in cale Complaint shall be made to the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, at any of the Lid Quarterly Meetings, of any Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty of their Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or Serjeant, that then the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of

them, shall and may, at such Meeting, examine into such Complaint, upon the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), and shall, and are hereby authorised and impowered, if they shall think proper, to suspend or remove any such Officer from his said Office, and appoint a proper Person in his Stead: Provided nevertheless, that no Complaint against any of the said Officers (except the Serjeant, who shall have been suspended by the Monthly Court as aforesaid) shall be heard at any Quarterly Meeting, unless fourteen Days Notice thereof at the lead, in Writing, signed by the Pei fun or Persons complaining, and speci tying the Nature of the Complaint, shall have been given to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of, the Person complained again!!.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall, and is hereby required to make a true and fair Lift of all the Commissioners herein-bc-fore appointed, in the Order and Course in which they shall be directed to be made out by the Commissioners prefenc at the first Meeting of the said Court, and to affix such Lift upon some proper and conspicuous Macc within the Lid Court, on the first; Day of holding such Court, and the same shall remain so affixed, until any new Commissioner or Commissioners shall be appointed as aforesaid; and that, from Time to Time, on the first Court Day next after any such new Commissioner or Commissioners shall be appointed, the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall cause a true and fair Lift of the Commissioners for the Time being, in the Course and Order in which they shall then stand, to be made and affixed in the said Court as aforesaid: And the said Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, shall cause a true and fair Entry or Register of all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, and other Acts and P-roceedings of the said Court, and also of the Quarterly Meetings of the said Commissioners, to be made in a Book to be provided and kept by the said Clerk for that Purpose; and any Person shall, at all seasonable Times, have free Liberty to peruse and inspect such Book, and to have or take Copies of the same.

IX. And whereas it would tend to the better and more easy Execution of this Act, if a certain Num- ber of the said Commissioners were to be summoned to attend the said Court upon every Court Day/ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Court shall have been holden, in pursuance of this Act, eight of the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time be summoned to attend the said Court, upon -every Court Day, in Manner following; (that is to say,) The said Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, shall, and is hereby required, from Time to Time, to summon eight of the fairl Commissioners, beginning with the eight first named, and so on in the Rotation and Couile in which their Names shall stand upon the Lift, to be made as aforesaid; which Summons shall be signed by the Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, and left at the respective Houses of the eight Commissioners who, according to the Order or Rotation as shall be made on such first Meeting as aforesaid, ought to attend at the next Court, by the Serjeant of the said Court, at leaf! three Days previous to the Day of holding such Court: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to exclude or debar any of the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution from fitting and giving Judgement in the said Court, whenever they shall think fit to attend, although not summoned according to the Order or Rotation before mentioned: Provided nevertheless, That the said Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, shall, and is hereby required to summon, in Manner aforesaid, all the said Commissioners, to attend such of the said Monthly Courts at which any Officer of the said Court is to be chosen, upon a Vacancy occasioned by Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Officer as aforesaid, ano also to attend the several Quarterly Meetings herein-before diredieu to be holden, at lead six Days previous to every such Court or Meeting; and in case it shall happen, that, upon ary Court Day, or at any of the said Quarterly Meetings, a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall not attend, that

then, and in every such Case, the Court or Meeting shall stand adjourned over to the next Day on which the said Court or Meeting is to be holden, according to the Directions before mentioned and contained.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persons whomsoever, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and being upwards of two Shillings, owing to them in their own Right, or as Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or Tru(!ec<, by or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, residing, inhabiting, or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stab, Stand, or fetk.ng a Livelihood, or trading or dealing, within the Limits of this Act, to apply to the Clerk, nr Deputy Clerk, to the said Court, who shall make an Entry of the Cause in the Book to be provided and kept for entering the Proceedings of the said Court, expressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sum demanded; and shall thereupon make out a Summons, under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded, and on what Account or Consideration the lame is due or de-^ m inded, and the Name or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring such Debtor or Debtors to appear before the Commissioners in the said Court, at the next or some subsequent

To what Defcfl this Act shall not extend*

On Nofl-appciiv ance of the Defendant, the Commissionerl to proceed tx p&rit the Plain-, tiff.

Debt, to be non-suited.

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 427

Court, to answer the said Demand; and every such Summons shall be delivered to the Serjeant to the said Court, and shall forthwith be served by him on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working, of such Debtor or Debtors, within the Limits aforesaid, seven Days at the lead before the Court is to be holden, at which such Debtor or Debtors is or are required to appear and answer such Demand: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised and impowered (upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons) to make Inquiry concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgement, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees, touching the same, and the Costs of Suit, as to them shall appear agreeable to Justice, Equity, and good Conscience.

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Debt for Rent, upon any Lease or Contract, where the T itle of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any last Will and Testament, or matrimonial Contract, or the Breach thereof, or any Thing properly belonging to any Ecclesiastical Court; nor to any Money won at or by Means of any Horse-race, Cock match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor to any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt, for the Payment whereof there shall not have been a Contract, Acknowledgement, Undertaking, or Promise, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the same, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, who shall have been summoned as aforesaid, shall (without some good Cause to be assigned, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners assembled in Court, and ro be allowed by them) refuse or neglect to appear in Person, or by any Friend, in the said Court, at the Time mentioned in the Summons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, on Proof being made upon Oath of the Service of such Summons, in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award such Cods as to them shall seem meet, and confident with Justice, Equity, and good Confidence.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if, upon the Return of any Summons at any Court, or at any Plaintiff not ay. Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing shall no.t make* pearim?, or not Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it shall be lawful for crtablifoing hit the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Costs as they shall think proper, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are by this Act provided for enforcing the Payment of Debts and Costs ordered and decreed by the said Court to be paid.

XIV. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and the more solemn Determination of the several Commissionm causes and Matters which shall be depending or arise in the said Court, be it further enacted, That it shall imposed to be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, and they are *dminifttrOath* hereby authorised and impowered, to administer, or cause to be administered, in open Court, an Oath to the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and also to such Witness or Wit-aelfes as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any other Person or Persons whom the major Part of the Commissioners so assembled shall think proper to be examined and give Evidence before them, touching or concerning any Cause, Matter, or Thing, arising in such Court, or in any wise relating thereto; and that in case any Person making Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter whatsoever, depending or arising in the said Court, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted, according to the Laws or Statutes of the Realm, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person, convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, is or shall be subject or liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execution at their Discretion, either against the Body or Goods of the Party against whom such Decree or Order shall be made; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Clerk or Deputy Clerk to the said Court, at the Request of the Party or Parties prosecuting f«ch Order or Decree, to issue a Precept, under his Hand and Seal, to the Serjeant of the said Court, who> by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may, and is hereby impowered and required, to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such Party, being within the Limits of this Act, and to convey him or her to the common Gaol of the said Town and Port, used for the Reception of Debtors only, there to remain until he or she shall perform and obey such Order or Decree; so as no Person shall remain in Confinement, upon any such Execution, for any longer Tjme than one Calendar Month, nor less than seven Days; and such imprisonment shall be deemed to be a full Discharge and Extinguishment of the said Debt and Costs; and such Serjeant, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and

may, and such Serjeant is hereby impowered to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being within the Limits of this Act, such Sum and Sums of Money and Costs as shall be so ordered and decreed; and if the Party, against whose Body or Goods any such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process (hjll issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by secreting or removing his or her Goods, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, and Proof thereof shall be made to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them* by the Oath of the Serjeant of the said Court, or of any other credible Witness, that then (but not otherwise) it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execution, at their Discretion, either against the Body or Goods of such Party preventing or evading the Service or Effect of the Execution as aforesaid, and

to the Partita and Witnesses.

Penalty on wilful Perjury,

Commissionerl may award Execution against Body or Goods.

428

Court may order Dtbts to be paid py Instalmenti.

On Execitfron,

Clerk to indorse the Debts and Costs,

In what Cases the Execution shall be super-Icatd,

CoirimifHoneti

may fufprnd or supersede Proceed ngf, where t,he Defendant, by Sickness or Poverty, may be incapable of paying (6c Debt.

Serjeant suffering an Eiope, &c. by Neglect, to pay Debt and Caftt.

Gaolen to receive Personi committed.

[Penalty.]

Creditor! to also* 3 d. a Day to Debtors while in Pnfun.

C. 8.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Seflf. 1.

Process shall iflfuc thereupon, and be executed by the Serjeant in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Par* tics, at whose Suit such Execution shall be issued, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall at any Time, upon the Requell, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several Payments, then, upon the first Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure made of such Payment, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, to be recovered by the same Process, and in like Manner, as is hereinbefore provided for Recovery of the Debt and Coils first decreed, the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That upon every Precept to be issued upon any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person whomsoever, the Clerk or Deputy Clerk, who iifues the same, Hi all express and set down in Writing, the Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, so ordered and decreed to be paid; and if the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded shall, before any actual Sale of his or her Goods, or before he or she shall be taken and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his or her Imprisonment, pay or tender, or cause to be paid or tendered, unto the Clerk or Deputy Cleric of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, together with one Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over such Debt and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgement of Satisfaction in the Book or Register of the said Court for such Debt and Costs, and also the Sum of two Shillings for Gaol Fees (in case fu*:h Party shall have been committed to Prison), then, and in every such Case, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body and Goods of such Party shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall, at any Time during the pending of any Cause in the said Court, appear to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof by the Oath of any credible Witness, that the Defendant or Defendants therein (hill, by Sickness, Poverty, or othqrwife, be rendered incapable of paying the Debt or Demand for which such Cause shall have been instituted, that then the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and m*»y (uf* pend or supersede the Proceedings in such Cause, until it shall, upon like Proof as aforesaid, appear to the Court that such Defendant or Defendants shall be able to pay such Debt or Demand, in the Whole, or by separate Payments, and then to proceed again therein in Manner aforesaidi any Thing in this Act to the Contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Serjeant of the said Court, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution in pursuance of this Act, shall, by Connivance or wilful Neglect, cause or suffer the Party, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party to be carried away or secreted, so as to prevent, hinder, or delay, the due Effect of such Execution, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath of any credible Witness, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the like Ways and Means as are by this Act provided for the Payment of any Debts and Costs,

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper, for the Time being, of the said Gaol of the said Town and Port shall and is hereby required to receive and take into his Custody all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to (land committed, by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process issued out of the said Court; and in case the Keeper of the said Gaol shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his Custody any Person committed by virtue of this Act, or shall discharge, or wilfully permit and suffer any Person who shall be committed to his Custody to go at large, without the Warrant, Order, or Authority of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or of the Mayor, or any Justice of the Peace, for the said Town and Port, in Manner herein after mentioned for that Purpose, every Keeper of the said Gaol, offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before the Mayor, or any of his Majesty's justices of the Peace, for the said Town and Port, either upon his own ConfetTion, or upon, ttie Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath the said Mayor or Justice is hereby authorised and impowered to administer), shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Mayor or Justice; and such Sum shall be immediately paid, by the Person so offending, into the Hands of the Mayor or Justice before whom he shall be convicted; or, in Default of such Payment, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor or Justice; and which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied, in the first Place, in Payment of the Debt and Costs for which such Party shall have been committed, and afterwards in like Manner as any Fines or Penalties are herein after directed to be applied-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall be committed to Prison by virtue of sny Execution or Process issued in pursuance of this Act, for the Recovery of any Debt pr Costs, the Person or Persons at whose Suit such Execution or Process shall issue, shall pay and allow, to the Person committed, the Sum of Three-pence a Day for every Day he or she shall continue in Prison upon the f mie Execution or Process, towards his or her Suofistence, the same to be paid to the Keeper of the said Gaol, or left at his House, for the Use of the Person so committed; and in case any Default shall be made in the Payment r.f the said Sum of Three-pence a Day, for any one or more Day or Days, and due Proof on Oath of such Default shall be made, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, or any Justice of the Peace for the said Town and Port of Dgvot (who are hereby respectively authorised and impowered to administer

such

Veniitj on not obeying a Subpoena,

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 429

such Oath), that then it shall be lawful for the said Mayor or Justice to order and direct fi?eh Prisoner to be forthwith set at Liberty; and such Person shall thereupon be discharged from the Payment of the Money for which he or she shall have been so committed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person residing within the Limits of this Act shall be duly served with a Subpoena, to be issued by the Clerk or Deputy CJerk of the said Court (and which he is hereby authorised and required to issue to any Person applying for the fame), requiring the Person so served to appear in the said Court, to give Evidence on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, at a certain Time, at the Distance of four Days at the least from the Time of serving such Subpoena, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, pursuant to such Subpoena 5 and Proof upon Oath jfhaJJ be made of the Service thereof, and no Cause of Absence be shewn or aligned, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; and if Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, that the Person served with a Subpoena was a material Witness for the Party at whose Instance such Subpoena shall have been issued; or if any Person appearing in Court pursuant to any such Subpoena, shall refuse to be examined or give Evidence in the Cause upon which he shall have been served with such Subpoena; that, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to impose a Fine on such Person, not exceeding ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered (if not paid on Demand) as any Debt or Costs ordered and decreed to be paid in pursuance of this Act can or may be levied and recovered; and, in Default thereof, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, commit, or cause to be committed, such Person to the said Gaol, for any Time not exceeding two Days.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees herein after mentioned, and no other, shall be Pee^to the Of-taken by the Clerk and Serjeant, for their respective Services in the Execution of this Act, and also by the ficerl*

Keeper of the said Gaol (that is to say);

IU I

For entering every Cause, Two-pence:

For issuing every Summons, Four-pence:

For every Hearing or Trial, Two-pence:

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff, of Defendant, Two-pence:

For every Nonsuit, and entering the same, Ten-pence:

For every Attachment for the Defendant’s not appearing, Ten-pence j For every Execution, one Shilling:

For every Acknowledgement of Satisfaction, Sixpence:

For every Subpoena, Three-pence:

For the Payment of Money into Court, Sixpence:

For every Order, Three-pence:

For entering thereof, Three-pence:

For every Warrant of Commitment, Sixpence:

For searching the Books, Two-pence:

By the SERJEANT.

For serving every Summons or Subpoena, Four-pence:

For calling every Witness before the Court, one Penny:

For calling the Plaintiff and Defendant before the Court, Two-pence:

For every Execution against Body or Goods, one Shilling:

For every Commitment for Insults or M){behaviour in the Court, one Shilling

By the GAOLER.

For every Commitment, two Shillings.

A Copy of which Table of Fees shall be hung up by the said Clerk, in some conspicuous Place within the said Court, so as all Persons concerned may easily peruse and examine the fame: Provided always, That no greater Sum shall be demanded, taken, or received, for the Fees payable upon any Cause which shall be heard and determined in the said Court, than six Shillings and eleven Pence by the said Clerk, and three Shillings and eleven Pence by the said Serjeant, notwithstanding the Fees payable upon the Proceedings in such Cause may, according to the above Table of Fees, amount to more than the said respective Sums.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, or the said Serjeant, or peniltyonOf-the said Gaoler, shall demand, take, or receive, any greater Fees or Rewards than as before mentioned, ficers taking for his Trouble and Services, and being thereof convicted, upon the Oath of any credible Witness, before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, every Person offending herein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall order, assess, and impose; the same to be applied either to the Relief of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be then, or at any Time after, by virtue of this Act, committed to the said Gaol, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall order and direct, or otherwise to be paid to the Overseeers of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Person paying such Fine shall, at the Time of his Conviction, reside, for the Use of the Poor of the same,

Paiifla, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners who shall impose such Fine \ the same to be levied and

FEES to be taken by the CLERK.

T*bl

To be liune; up$« the CouTt-houlr, Whole Fee* in Caule limited.

43®

Fe-s to Deputy Cleric aftctt-ia-€d.

Ko CommilLft-cr or Officer to where inter-efted, or who shall sell Ale, &c.

Ko Attorney to bea CommiiTwn-er, or entitled to any Privilege in this Court, or employed as Advocate.

Personi insulting the Court to be filed*

Copy of forrgb-inp Clause to be hung up in the Court.

No Debt under 4C5, and upwards of it. to be sued for in *oy 0 her Court, t*cept in Dovor Court of Record.

Saving tba Rights of the Court of Record 1 Dovor*

Court not to interrupt or hino r the iranfaOing ffe public Huri-P«f« of the Tovuj.

in the Ouiidfiilk

t

C. S. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Seffi r.

recovered (if notfnid on Demand) in like Manner as any Debt or Costs can or may be levied or recovered by virtue of this Act; and such Offence shall also be deemed a Misbehaviour in such Officer.

XXV. And, in order to make Satisfaction to the Deputy Clerk of the said Court, so to be appointed as aforesaid, for his Trouble and Services in the Execution of this Act, be it further enacted, That whenever the said Deputy Clerk shall attend the said Court, in the Stead or Absence of the Clerk, the said Deputy Clerk shall be entitled to, and shall have and receive, one Half Part of the Fees payable by virtue of this Act to the Clerk of the said Court, for all the Business which shall be done and transacted in the said Court, upon all such Days as the said Deputy Clerk shall so attend, and the other Half Part of the said Fees shall be paid to the said Clerk: Provided always, That in case the Clerk to the said Court shall pay to the Deputy Clerk the Sum of thirteen Shillings and four Pence, upon any Court Day previous to the fitting of the Court, for his Trouble in attending the Court, in the Stead or Absence of the said Clerk, upon that Day, then the same shall be accepted by the Deputy Clerk, in full for such his Attendance; and the Clerk shall be entitled to, and shall be paid, the whole of the Fees payable by virtue of this Act to the Clerk, for the Business which shall on that Day be done and transacted in the said Court, and upon every other Day on which the said Sum of thirteen Shillings and four Pence shall have been paid as aforesaid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner, or as a Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or Serjeant, in pursuance of this Adh, in any Case where he shall be concerned in Interest, or who shall keep any Victualling House, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall sell Ale, Wine, Cyder, or Spirituous Liquors, by Retail; and that no At»* torney at Law or Solicitor shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be the Mayor, or one of the Jurats, or Common Council Men of the said Town and Pore; and that no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, appearing in the said Court, shall be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, jurisdiction, or Judgement thereof; nor shall any Attorney at Law or Solicitor be admitted to appear, in the said Court as Attorney or Advocate cn the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said. Court, in which fetch Attorney or Solicitor is not himself a Party or Witness.

XXVII. And, for better enforcing the Orders and Decrees of the said Commissioners, and for preventing Insults and Abuse in the said Court, be it further enacted, That if any Person shall affront* ihfult, or abuse, the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any of their Officers, in the said Court, or in Execution of their respective Offices, or shall interrupt or disturb any of the Proceedings of the said Court, or shall obstruct, hinder, or prevent the Execution of any Process thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk or Deputy Clerk of the said Court, directing the Serjeant of the said Court to apprehend the Person so offending, and to take him or her before the said Mayor, or any Justice of the Peace, for the said Town and Port; and such Mayor or Justice is hereby impowered, upon the Offence alledged again# fvich Person being proved by the Oath of any credible Witness, to impose any Fine, not exceeding twenty Shillings, on the Person so offending; which Fine shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Mayor or Justice, and shall be paid by him to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Person committing the said Offence shall reside, to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the same Parish; and in case the Person who shall have committed such Offence shall not pay such Fine as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Mayor or Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the said Gaol, there to remain lor any Time not exceeding seven Days, or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Deputy Clerk of the said Court shall cause a Copy of the last preceding Clause to be hung up on some conspicuous Part of the said Court, to the Intent that no Person may plead Ignorance of the Purport thereof.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Action or Suit for any Debt not amounting to forty Shillings, and being upwards of two Shillings, and recoverable, by virtue of this Act, in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any Person residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Rtcord at Westminster, or elsewhere, or in any Court whatsoever, other than the said Court of Requests, and the Court of Record hrrein-after mentioned; and that no Suit which shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in purfuarxe of this A-dff nor any Proceedings which shall be had therein, shall or may be removed or removeable, by Certiorari or otherwise, into any other Court whatsoever; but that the Judgements, Decrees, and Proceedings, of the said Court of Requests shall be final and conclusive to all Inteutsand Purposes.

XXX. And whereas the Mayor and Jurats, Justices of the Peace of and for the said Town and Port, are, by Charter or Prescription, fully enabled to hold a Court of Record in the Guildhall of the said

Town and Port, at their own dated Times, for the Trial of all Civil Actions arising within the said

Town and Port, and the Liberties and Precindis thereof \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained dial I extend to affect, lessen, or take away, any of the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Liberties, Powers, or Jurisdictions, of the said Court of Record, but that the same, and all other the Rights and Privileges of the Mayor and Jurats of the said Town and Port, shall remain and continue in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the holding of any Courts of Justice, or transacting any other publick Business of the said Town and Port, within the Guildhall, or any other Places appointed or to be appointed within the said Town and Port, for theliolding of such Courts of Justice, or transacting any publick Business within the same*

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 9. 431

w

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no A<5Hon or Suit shall be brought or commenced against Umie»tion of any of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Aaionu Actt, until twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall have been given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons against whom such APiion or Suit shall be intended to be brought, thereby, setting forth the particular Cause of Action; or after l ender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved; or unlofs such Action or Suit shall be commenced within forty Days next after the Cause of Action shall have arilen, and be laid in The County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the General Tffie* Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of th s Ad: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of twenty-one Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other Place than the County of Kent, then, and in either or any of the said cases, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or lutfer a Discontinuance of his or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fiiali have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath Treble Costs. for Coifs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXXIII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff, irt any Action of Suit which shall be brought for any Plaintiff not for Thing done in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid, shall be permitted to produce Evidence of any other produce Eti-Cause of Action than such as shall be set forth in the Notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any Cause of AfHon Verdict against the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Su t, unless such Plaintiff shall prove on other than what* the Trial that such Notice was given as aforesaid; and in Default of such Proof, the Defendant or De- flullbe spedfie# fend ants shall recover a Verdict, and Cofis, as before mentioned; and that in case any Person, against in the Notice, whom any such Action or Suit shall be brought, shall have negieded to tender Amends, or shall have ten- Defendant may dered inefficient Amends, before the Action or Suit fh11 be commenced, it shall be lawful for him, by P*y Money into Leave of the Court wherein such Action or Suit shall be depending, at any Time before I flue joined, to Couft*

;iy into Court such Sum of Money as he shall think proper, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and udgement, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Cases where Defendants aie allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Pub- Publick lie Ad; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. IX.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the thirtieth War of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preferring certain Marsh and Fen Lands and Low Recitaj of an

Grounds, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk, it was (among Ae> 30 Geo.

other Things) enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the Commissioners appointed by Cap. 32.

the said Act, or any five or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be held as by the said Act is directed, to act'efs, rate, tax, and chl»rge, all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all and Angular the said Ken Lands and Low Grounds, bounded and described in the said Act (except such Parts thereof as should be determined to be High Lands, and not subject to lnunda- tions), by an equal and proportionable Acre Tax, in ary Rare or Sum not exceeding two Shillings per Acre in each Year, for making, carrying into Execution, and effecting, proper Woir*s for draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, and for maintaining the fame: And whereas the said Commituon- ers have, in pursuance of the said recit-d Ad, a lie fled and rated the said Lands and Grounds bounded and described by the said Act, borrowed considerab’.e Sums of Money thereon, and eroded Mills or Engines, and other Works, and made Drain?, Cuts, and Sewers, for draining the same, from which the said Owners and Proprietors have found and received Benefit: But the said Engines an-J other Works are, by Length of Time and otherwise, become ruinous and decayed, and are found insufficient for the perfect draining of the said Lands and Grounds; and the said Drains', Cut9, and Sewers, are choaked and filled up; and the prefern Tax of two Shillings per Acre, by the said recited A6i granted, is now insufficient to pav the Interest of the Sums borrowed on the said Tax, and to repair and amend the said Engines and Works, cleanse and open the said Drains and Sewers, and carry on the r.cceftary Works for the better and further draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds; and the same cannot be paid, repaired, made, and maintained, without the further Aid of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by ar>d with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pailia-anent assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing this Act, the Com- Commit r.m Biifttoners appointed determined by, oracling in pursuance of the said former Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of of fwmw a t the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and im-

p;'©t)ogk

Sess. I.

432

Meitint* of Co r.mitrione«’S if in for.Lcr Ail.

Power to lay a further Tax*

Rat«toi>en*t less than a certain Sum until Payment of the Money to be borrowed*

ower to borrow j,qoo I.

ami to mflign the Rates at a Security.

Mortgagees to be Creditor* in equal Proportion, without Priority. Application of the Money to be borrowed.

The Rates so b« liable, in the £ift Place, to the Payment of the Money to fee borrowed, nd Inlereft hereof.

-’’Creditor* may tdiihain for IntereA, if not paid half-year y, or within three Months after.

C. 9. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

powered to a ft, as well in the Execution of this present Act as of the said former Act; and that the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall meet at such Times, and in such Manner, and at the same Places, and upon the like Norice, as mentioned and directed in and by the said former Act; but that the first Meeting of the said Commissioners for the Purpose of executing this Act, shall be held at the House of Nathaniel fJ ilkinson, known by the Sign of The Cocky in Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen aforesaid, upon the Third Monday next after passing this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at all and every or any such Meeting or Meetings, to assess, rate, tax, and charge, all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all such Part and Parts of the said Lands and Grounds on the West Side of certain Drains, called The South and North Heading Drains, by an equal and proportionable Acre Tax, with such further Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre in each Year and also to assess, rate, tax, and charge, all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Part and Parts of the said Lands and Grounds on the Lift Side of the said Drains, by an equal and proportionable Acre Tax, with such further Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of one Shilling and T hree-pence per Acre in each Year, over and above the Sum of two Shillings per Acre, wherewith all the said Lands and Grounds are liable to be charged by the former Act, and over and above such other Acre Rates and Taxes whereunto the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, now are charged or chargeable; which said Sum and Sums of Money, to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be paid, collected, levied, and received, in the same Manner as the said Acre Tax of two Shillings per Acre by the said former Act is directed to be paid, collected, levied, and received.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the whole Taxes to be assessed, rated, and charged, by virtue of this Act, shall not be less than one Shilling and Three-pence per Acre upon the Lands and Grounds Weft of the said Drains, and Seven-pence Halfpenny per Acre upon the Lands and Grounds East of the said Drains, in each Year, until all the Money to be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, with the Interest thereof, shall be discharged: Provided also, That the said Acre Tax, for each and every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds on the East Side of the said Drains, (hill not be more or less, in any Year, than one Moiety, or Half Part, of the Acre Tax to be rated, assessed, and charged on the Lands and Grounds Weft of the said Drains; and that no Acre Tax shall be laid for or in respect of the said Lands and Grounds on the East Side of the said Drains in any Year, when an Assessment shall not be made, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of the said other Lands and Grounds comprised in this Act.

IV. And forasmuch as the said Money, so to be rated, levied, collected, and gathered as aforesaid, will not be sufficient to defray the immediate Expence of altering, removing, rebuilding, and repairing, any of the Engines or other Works already erected and made, and erecting and making such new Engines and other Works as will be necessary for the better and future draining of the said Lands and Grounds, and for the speedy Improvement thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, assembled at any public Meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the^um of three thousand Pounds, which they shall think necessary for the altering, removing, rebuilding, and repairing, new-erecting, making, and preserving the said Works; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over the said yearly Rates and Taxes hereby charged, or to be charged upon the said Lands and Grounds, and every or any Part thereof, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the same, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Af-signs, the Costs and Charges of which Alignments shall be borne and paid out of the said Tax; and all and every such Persons, if more than one, to whom such Mortgage, Assignment, or Transfer thereof, shall be made, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors on the said Assessments, Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any Sum of Money: Which Money so to be borrowed, shall, in the first Place, be applied and disposed of to defray the Expences of obtaining this Act of Parliament, and then in altering, removing, rebuilding, or repairing, any of the Engines or other Works already erected, and in making and erecting such new Engines and other Works for the effecting the draining and improving the said Lands and Grounds, and for other Purposes directed by this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, hereby enacted to be assessed Upon and paid by the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds so bounded and described as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable, in the first Place, with and for the Payment of all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof from Time to Time, and shall vest in the respective Creditors, upon the Default of Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, until the same shall be fully paid and fathfied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof.

VI. And, for the more effectually securing unto such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, the regular Payment of all Interest that shall from Time to Time become due unto them for or in respect of any such Principal Money so to be lent and advanced by them as aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted, That when and so often as any half-yearly or yearly Payments of Interest shall become due unto any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and the same shall have remained in Arrear and unpaid by the Space of throe Months next after the Day or Days on which

e

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 9. 433

the same ought to have been paid* Demand thereof having been first made of the Receiver or Collector of the said Rates and Taxes for the Time being, if there (hou)d then be any such Officer reading in, or within five Miles of the said Parish of IVi/genhall Saint Mary Magdalen* then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Creditor, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, forthwith to raise and levy, by Distress and Sale of any Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, that shall be found upon any Part of the said Lands and Grounds so charged or chargeable as aforesaid, with the Payment of the said Rates and Taxes, and all and every such Arrearand Arrears of fnterest as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of raising and levying the same, returning the Overplus to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, or Cattle, so distrained and fold j and the aforesaid Commissioners, at their next Meeting which shall be held after such Distress so taken as aforesaid, shall, and are hereby required, out of the said Rates and Taxes then collected, if any shall then be in Hand, and if not, then out of the first Rates and Taxes to be collected, to reimburse unto such Owner or Owners all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been so raised and levied upon him, her, or them, by such Creditor or Creditors aforesaid, with lawful Imereft, to be computed from the respective Times of such Distress or Distreftes taken.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Assignments or Securities, so to be made as afore- Seciiritic* tnnC~ said, under the Hands and Seals of seven or more of the said Commissioners, shall and may be assignable or feoable. transferable, by Indorsement on the original Grant or Security thereof, or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Alignment shall be made,

/ball from thenceforth be well and sufficiently intitled to all the Monies due and to grow due on the said original Grants or Securities.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five A Dam, Bank, or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, within three Calendar Months next after passing ^,a,n> *nd this Act, to make and erect a Dam, Stop Sluice, or Pointing Doors, across the End of a certain Drain, ^JadcTi./thi'fT called The North Hock, at its Entrance into a Drain, called Simons Load, and such Banks as shall be Thrre*Month* necessary, to prevent the Waters in the said Simcns Load, and in a certain Drain called The North Headings after passing from overflowing or draining into, by, or through the Lands and Grounds North of the said Simons Load% thii Ad, &c» and Weft of the said North Heading; also a new Cut or Drain from the said North Hook to the said North

Heading, and at or near the East End of such new Drain a Pair of pointing Doors into the said North Heading, for the more ready draining the same Lands and Grounds, and preventing the said Waters coming down the said Simons Load and North Headings in their Passage to* Sea, from reverting or falling into the said intended new Drain.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at the Expiration of ten Years from the passing Proviso, that at of this Act, in case the said intended Dam, Stop Sluice, Pointing Doors, or Banks, shall be considered, rt»e Expiration by the Majority of the Owners of the greatest Number of Acres of the Lands and Grounds South of the said Simons Load, as prejudicial to the draining of those Lands and Grounds, and three indifferent Persons \t prejudicial 1 a of Skill and Judgement in the Premises, being Engineers or Surveyors (one to be chosen by the Proprie- the Drainage of tors of Lands and Grounds South of the said Simons Load, another by the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds Lands South of-North of the said Simons Load, at a publick Meeting to be held by the said Commissioners, and the third £ld/,mh°ensfa by such two Referees, previous to their entering on such Reference), or a Majority of them, shall, on ^beVemovcT* View of all the said Lands and Grounds, Dam, Stop Sluice, Pointing Doors, and Banks, give it as their Opinion in Writing, upon Oath (which Oath any five of the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer), that the said Dam, Stop Sluice, Pointing Doors, or Banks, any or either of them, are or is detrimental or prejudicial to the Drainage of the Lands and Grounds South of the said Simons Load, which said Opinion shall be certified and delivered in Writing to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at the fitft Meeting to be held after such View, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, within One Month after such Meeting, to remove and take down such Dam, Stop Sluice, Pointing Doors, or Banks, all, every, or any of them, which shall be certified, in Manner aforesaid, to be detrimental or prejudicial to the draining of the said Lands and Grounds South of the said Simons Load\ any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise n j:\withstanding.

X. And, to the End that the Banks raised or to be raised and maintained, by virtue of this-or the former Foremens?

Act, may be the better preserveJ, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or Mo1cb and VcT* more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to niA0%

make such Allowance for catching or destroying Rabbits, Moles, and other Vermin, in the said Banks,

Lands, and Grounds, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper.

XI. And, in order that the Miils or Engines erected by virtue of the said former Act, or which shall or may hereafter be erected or employed by virtue of this Act, may the better answer the Purposes for

which they are intended, be it further enacted, That no Trees or Holts shall be planted, or Building NoTieejor eiefted, nearer to any Mill or Engine, now or hereafter to be erected or employed as aforesaid, than to bc four hundred Yards; and if any Trees or Holts shall be planted, or any Building hereafter erected, within y^n* the Distance aforesaid, then it shall and iruy be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of Engines now them, to cause (uth Trees and Holts to be taken up and carried away, and such Buildings to be pulled here* ter down and removed; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of this or the

them, to cause any Trees or Holts, which are now growing or (landing within the Distance of four hun- n^f.

dred Yards from any Mill or Engine now or hereafter to be erected or employed for the Purposes afore- b/lm^fter* said, to be cut down, in case such Trees or Holts shall be adjudged by the said Commissioners, or any five cre^pd «>hin or more of them, prejudicial to the Drainage, making such Satisfaction to the Owner of such Trees or riuftmoPif-Hoks as shall be agreed upon between such Owner and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of URCe«

e

them, or as man, m cale or any JJitterence, be ascertained by the Justices of the reace within lix caJen

43

No Mill or 'Engine ro oe ere^tcJ or used for Praia-age of Owners o An* Lac is on<y.

Claufci, t:c. of former Act extended to this.

All Sniti to be commenced

within six Calendar Monthly and brought in Norfolk, general Issue.

[Publick Act.]

Treble Coifts.

[Preamble.]

C. 10 - 12. Anno vicesiitio quarto Georgii III. Seff u

dar Months after cutting down such Trees or Holts, at any Quarter Session to be held for the said County of Norfolk^ by Adjournment, at Kino's Lynn, in the said County.

XII. And oc ir further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, erect or let up, use or work, any Mill or Engine for the Purpose of draining the private Lands or Grounds of any Owner or Occupier within the Distiift of the said Drainage, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to any Person who will Cue for the fame; and the Owner or Owners of such Mill or Engine shall also make full Satisfaction to ail and every Person and Persons, for the Damage he, (he* or they, shall thereby fuftiin; and such Penalty and Satisfaction shall be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at WejhmnJUr, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and over and above the Penalty and Satisfaction aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to enter on such Lands, take down, orcauie to be taken down, such Mills or Engines, and fell the Materials, applying the Money arising therefrom towards the general Drainage of the Lands aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to repeal, alter, or take away, any of the Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Authorities, Prohibitions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Powers of Appeal, Matters, and Things, contained in the said former Act, but that every Clause, Power, Proviso, Authority, Prohibition, Exemption, Penalty, Forfeiture, punishment, Power of Appeal, Matter, and Thing, therein contained, shall remain and he in the same Force and Effect as if this Act had never been made; and that all Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Authorities, Prohibitions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Powers of Appeal,-Matters* and Things, contained in the said former Act, shall extend to this Act, as fully and effectmlly as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act, save only and except such Part or Parts thereof as are altered, taken away, or repealed, by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be -commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this or the former Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities hereby or thereby given, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the said County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act or the former Act, as Persons acting by the Authority of the Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this or the former Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, without specially pleading the same (other than as aforesaid), at any Trial to be thereupon had, and that the Fast alledged to have been done, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this or the former Act: And if the same shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or Hi all be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits, or if any Verdict shall pass against h m, her, or them, or Judgment be given against him, her, or them, upon a Demurrer or otherwise, then, and in any of the said Cales, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

XV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Publicle Act; and ail Judges or Justices, or other Persons, are hereby required to take Nonce thereof as such without specially pleading the same.

CAP. X.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty four; together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax^ to be raised in Great Britaia, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. XII.

An Act to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases; and to amend the Laws respecting the Transportation of Offenders.

WHEREAS Difficulties have occurred, which have delayed the carrying into Execution Sentences and Orders of Transportation of Convicts to Places beyond the Seas, and it may be some Time before the said Difficulties can be obviated: And whereas, from the unusually great Number of Offenders now under Sentence of Death and respited during his Majesty's Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, in the Gaols within and Wales, there is such a Want of convenient

and sufficient Room in many of such Gaols, that very dangerous Consequences are to be apprehended, ludeft some immediate Provision be made for removing such Offenders to some other Plac* of Confine-

?*11*'

w

C, ii.

+35

mcT " 13s

Of f ir J*1’-

i, off.

Oi

III-'

-V

III-

if'-'

k':?

#-7

&c. any G^ol

in England or \Yujv£t

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

ment Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thou- H:« Majesty »m-sand seven hundred and eighty-four, it (l)3ll be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time, by an Order peeredro»rd<*r# in Writing to be notified by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or for any three or more °!10 au^ :r,c of such of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, City, or Place, in which such Gaol shall be situated, a? shall be authorised by his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, to direct the Removal the Remowl of 6f anyone or more male Offender or Offenders, who, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be under male iMfoner* Sentence of Death with a Reprieve during his Majesty's Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Trans- under Sentence portation, and who, having been examined by an experienced Surgeon or Apothecary, shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious Distemper, and fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prison in which such r° any Offender or Offenders shall be confined, to such Place of Confinement within England, or the Dominion of Wales, either at Land, or on board any Ship or Vefle! in the River Thames, or any navigable or other River, or within the Limits of any Port of England os Wain, as his Majesty, or 2ny three or more of such Justices, authoris'd as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time appoint, and under the Management of any Overseer or Overseers to be appointed by his Majesty, or any three or more of such Justices authorised as aforesaid 5 and every Offender who shall be so removed shall continue in the said PDcc of Confinement, or be removed to and confined in any other such Place or Places as aforesaid, as his Majesty, or as any three or more of such Justices, authorised as aforesaid, from Time to Time shall appoint, until such Offender shall be transported according to Law, or by the Expiration of the Term of such Transportation, or otherwise, shall be inti tied to his Liberty, or until his Majesty, or until any three or more of such Justices, authorised as aforesaid, shall direct the Return of such Offender to the Gaol or Prison from which he shall have been so removed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff* or Gaoler, having the Custorly of any Offender whose

Removal shall be ordered in Manner aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after Receipt of the Notification of any such Order, convey, or cause to be conveyed, every such Offender to the Place appointed, and there deliver him, with a Certificate of his Christian Name, Surname, and Age, and of his Offence, and of the Court in which he was convicted, and also of the Purport of his Sentence, to such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, who shall give a proper Receipt in Writing to the Sheriff or Gaoler, for the Discharge of such Sheriff or Gaoler.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Fees, on delivering out of the Custody of such Sheriff or Gaoler Gaolers Fee*, any such Offender so ordered to be removed, as hath usually been paid, and would have been due to them *n<1 Eiptnces of respectively if such Offender had been removed in order to have been transported, and all reasonable Ex- pj^by^he'0 pences which the Sheriff or Gaoler shall incur in every such Removal, shall be paid by the County, Riding, county, &c. City\ Borough, Liberty, or other Division, for which the Court in which the Offender was convicted

shall have been held; and the Sheriff' or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such Fees and Expences from the Treasurer of such County, Riding, City, Borough, Liberty, or other Division, such Fees and Expences being first allowed by the Order of the Justices of the Peace at their quarterly or other General Sessions of the Peace, vfrho are hereby required to make such Order as shall be just in that Behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted, That after Delivery of an Offender under this Act, the Overseer who shall have the Custody of him shall, during the Term of such Custody, have the same Powers over him as ire incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaoler, and in like Manner be answerable for any tfcape of such Offender; and also, during such Custody, shall feed and clothe such Offender, and shall keep him in such Manner, and, where the same can safely be done, permit him to labour at such Places, and under such Directions, Limitations, and Restrictions, as his Majesty, or as any three or more of such Justices, authored as afutesaid, shall, from Time to Time, by any Order, to be directed to such Overseer or Overseers for their Instruction, appoint; and shall allow him Half the Profits arising from such Labour for his own Use

G aolers to deliver

Offenders according ro such Orders, with a preper Certificate,

OverPerf, t® whom such Pffson;rs are delivered, ro hive the same Powert over them at Gaolers, &c.

Prisoners to be

ind in the mean Time, as nearly in Conformity to the Treatment of Persons committed to Houses of Cor- ai;°v/'*d section as the Nature of the Case will allow. th:,r iu?njnSM

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend to authorise putting to Labour any Person, whilst he continues confined by virtue of this Act, who shall not consent thereto. t

VI. And it is hereby declared, That all the Time during which any Offender, being removed under the Provisions aforesaid, shall continue confined by virtue of this Act, shall be reckoned in Discharge, or Dart Discharge, or Satisfaction of the Term of his Transportation, so far as such Time shall extend.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender shall, during such Custody under this Act, be Transportation, guilty of any Misbehaviour or disorderly Conduct, it shall be lawful for such Overseer or Overseers, having Offers may the Custody of such Offender, to infltft, or cause to be ir.flifted, such moderate Punishment as may be inflicted by Law on Persons committed to a House of Correction; and if any such Offender dial] break from, or unlawfully leave the Custody of such Overseer or Overseers, or if any Person shall refeue, or attempt to refeue, or assist in refeuing, any such Offender from such Custody, or shall supply any Arms or Ir.stru-ment of Escape, or any Disguise, to such Offender, every such Offence shall be punishable in the same Manner as if such Offender was in a Gaol or Prison, in the Custody of the Sheriff or other Gaoler, for the Crime of which (bch Offender shall have been convicted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the several Places of Confinement to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, make Returns, specifying the Names of every Person in their Custody, the Offence of which he shall have been guilty, the Court before which he shall have been convicted, the Sentence of the Court, with his Age, and bodily State, and his Behaviour whilst in Custody; and also the Name of such Offenders who shall have died under such Custody, or shall have escaped, or have been lawfully released from the same; which Returns shall be made the first Day of every Ter~.

1A

bur ffall not be forced to work.

Time of Imfri* fonment to be drenuci Fart of the Taro of

jnti.ct mod-rate P:wrii7;ment lot M .'benaviou

Overfi rrs to make R tumi of Vriloiitrs ro the Court of K ns* Bench, the 6iJt Day of every

I

436

Justice of Af-£/f, &c. m.iy icmoee Prisoneri committed by J apiece of Peace.

Any Coutt having Authority to order the Trans-pottation of Offender?, may agree with any Persons, and take Security for their transporting them, &c.

If Offenders cannot conveniently be transported to the Place men-I tioned in their

Sentence, the Court of King’s Bench, &c. m>y order them to be transported so any other Place they Hu'] think f'opcr.

O.T;nd*va returning before the Expiration of thrir Term, to lutier Death,

101. Reward for pr- Scenting such Offender 5.

Exprnceiof executing this Act to be laid annually before both Houses of Par*

1 am.nt.

C. 12. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Seff, 1.

Term to his Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster* on the Oath of the Person or Persons making the same; such Oath to be made before the said Court, or any Commissioner authorised to take Affidavits in the same.

IX. And whereas there are several Persons confined in County and City Gaols in England and Wales% under Sentences and Orders made by a Justice or Justices of Peace at their Sessions, or otherwise, in a summary Way, and not according to the Course of the Common Law be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of Assize or Great Session, or any two or more Justices of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction the said Gaol is situate, to remove any such Person or Persons to any House of Correction within the said Jurisdiction, there to remain in Execution of the said Sentence or Order.

X. And whereas the Security required by an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery* Burglary* and other Felonies* and/or the more effectual Transportation of Felons* and uniauful Exporters of Wool; and for ie* daring the Law upon some Points relating to Pirates), relates only to the Transportation of Offenders to c his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America: And whereas an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Im~ 4 prisonment* and other Punishment of certain Offenders)* hath not provided any Security to be taken instead thereof ;’ be it enacted, That it mall and may be lawful for any Court, having competent Authority to order the Transportation of Offenders, or any Person or Persons duly authorised for that Purpose, to require and take, from any Person or Persons who shall be willing tojeontrad or agree for the Transportation of any Offender or Offenders, sufficient Security that he or they will transport, or cause to be transported effectually, such Offender or Offenders to the Place to which he, she, or they, is, are, or shall be ordered to be transported; and that the said Offenders, or any of them, shall not be suffered to return from the said Place to any Part of Great Britain* by the wilful Default of such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, or his or their Alliens; and instead of the Certificate required by the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, to take Security for the Production of such other Evidence of the actual Transportation of such Offender or Offenders as shall appear necessary, and as the Nature of the Case may warrant.

XI. And whereas the Provisions of the said Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws' relating to the Transportation, Im Prison- merits and other Punishment of certain Offenders)* are not sufficient to obviate the Difficulties which have arisen in carrying into Execution Sentences and Orders for Transportation of Felons, and others now under Confinement: And whereas, in order to facilitate the Transportation of such Felons, and others, it is necessary that Authority should be given to transport them to any proper Place beyond the Seas, although the said Place be not mentioned in the Sentence or Order for their TransportationBeit enacted, That if any Offender hath already been ordered to be transported to any Part beyond the Seas or if hereafter any Offender shall be under the like Order, and such Order cannot be conveniently executed with respect to the Place in such Order mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Court of King's Bench, or for the Court before which any such Person hath been or shall be convicted, or any Court holden for the same County, City, Riding, Liberty, Division, or Place, having like Authority; or whilst the Court of King's Bench is not fitting, for any two Justices of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer* of the Degree of the Coif, if such Court, or such two Justices or Barons, shall think fit, to order that such Offender shall be transported to any other Part beyond the Seas, which shall appear to such Court proper for that Purpose, in such and the like Manner, and for the same Term of Years, as such Offender is or shall be liable to be transported to the Place mentioned in the original Sentence or Order for his or her Transportation; and such Order shall be considered as made at the same Time, and shall be as effectual to every Intent and Purpose, and shall have all the same Consequences in every Respect, as the original Order for the Transportation of such Offender; and such Offender shall be transferred, conveyed, and nude over to any Person who will contract for the Performance of such Transportation, and to his or their Atiigns, in like Manner as if such Offender had been transported to the Place mentioned in the original Order of Transportation; and such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have a Property and Interest in the Service of the said Offender for the Remainder of the Term for which the Offender was originally ordered to be transported; and in case such Offender so ordered for Transportation shall be afterwards at large within any Part of this Kingdom of Great Britain* without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender shall have been ordered to be transported, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and shall be tried before such Judges, and in such Manner, and the same Evidence made use of for his or her Conviction, as are directed by the Laws now in being for the Trial Qf other Felons found at large within this Kingdom before the Expiration of the Term for which they were ordered to be transported; and whoever shall discover, apprehend, and prosecute to Conviction of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, any such Offender so found at large within this Kingdom, shall be entitled to the like Reward of twenty Pounds and Certificate, and in the same Manner as any Person may be entitled to for discovering, apprehending, and prosecuting to Conviction, any Offender ordered to be transported, and found at large within this Kingdom before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender was ordered to be transported: Provided always, That it shall not be lawful to order any Offender to be transported to the Coast of Africa, who shall be under Sentence or Order of Transportation to any other Place.

All. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, not otherwise provided for, shall be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament; and after deduding the reout the Profits, if any, arising from the Earnings of the Offenders who shall labour in any of the Places of Con-

G00gKl*meUt

437

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13 - 15.

fincment to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to his Majesty by Parliament.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Wue, and give this Act, or the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by the Authority of this Act: And if a VerdiS shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after Issue joined; or if on Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble tofts, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendants have by Law in other cases; and though a VerdiS shall be given to any Plaintiff in such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge, before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions,' to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County and Place where the FaS was committed, and shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the FaS committed, and not otherwise.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of this Act, so far as the same extend to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, shall continue to be in Force for one Year, to be computed from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and also to the End of the then Session of Parliament; or if the said Term of one Year shall not determine during any Session, then till the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England for one Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and for lessening the Number of Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace, to act in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia.

XV. AND whereas by the Laws nowin being relative to the raising and training of the Militia Forces, certain Acts are required to be done determined by three Deputy Lieutenants, or by two Deputy Lieutenants and one Justice of the Peace, or by one Deputy Lieutenant and two Justices of the c Peace: And whereas it frequently happens that three Deputy Lieutenants, or two Deputy Lieutenants

and one Justice of the Peace, or one Deputy Lieutenant and two Justices of the Peace, cannot be assembled for such Purposes, whereby many Inconveniences have arisen be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where any AS is required by the Laws now in force to be done by three Deputy Lieutenants, or by two Deputy Lieutenants and one Justice of the Peace, or by one Deputy Lieutenant and two Justices of the Peace, such Acts may be done by two Deputy Lieutenants, or by one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace; and such Acts so done shall be as valid and effectual as if the fume were done by three Deputy Lieutenants, or by two Deputy Lieutenants and one Justice of the Peace, or by one Deputy Lieutenant and two Justices of the Peace; any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to continue the Provisions of an Act of the twenty-third of his present Majesty, for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King 1 * George the Third (intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish

1 Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with % Linen, printed, painted, Jlained, or dyed in Great Britain); which Act will have Continuance until the twenty-eighth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act, which is near expiring, should be continued :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions of the said Act shall be, and the same are hereby continued whilst a Bounty upon the Exportation of Buckrams and Tillettings, Linens, Callicoes, and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, dia l continue to be given, or be given, by any Act or Acts of the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland.

CAP. XV.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

[Further continued to June 20, 1784.] L 1 1 2

Persont prese-cured for executing this Act may plead the General Issue 1

[Treble Costs.]

end, on obtaining a Verdict, shall recover

Limitation of Actions.

Cnntir.nir.ee of this Act.

All Ash herr-

lofoje icqvjirc-l to be done by three Deputy Lieutenants and Justices, may be done by tv. o Deputy LicuCC. jiants, u'C.

Prran.M?,

23 Geo. 3. Cap. 21, recited j

and continue^.

Seff i.

438 C. 16 - 18. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Preamble#

T/u fleet.

First Meeting of Trustee*.

Lift of Plough-gates to be made up.

Copies to be sent to the Clerk of the Peace.

Heritor! and l.iferenteis to a/Tift in repair* ing Highways,

Persons keeping Carts, though

fiot OtC jpying

CAP. XVI.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Act 3 Geo. 1. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, &c. made since Sept. 29, 1717, to be good in Lawy if in rolled before Sept, i, 1784. This Act not to extend to Deeds, iffc. the Validity whereof has been brought in question before Jan. I, 1784. Purchases made by Protestants not to be avoided, on account of the Title-deeds not having been inrolled, (ffc* This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Presentation to any Benefice, £sV. in Trust for my Papist,"

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for regulating, and rendering more effectual, the Exaction of the Statute-work within the Shire of Edinburgh; and for authorising the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the District of Laswade, a further Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the Personal Security of the said Trustees; and for further repairing the Roads within the said District.

WHEREAS the Mode hitherto followed of exacting the Statute-work within the County of Edinburgh, has been found, from Experience, to be attended with many Inconveniences: For Remedy whereof, and to the End that the Statute work within the said County may be for the future properly exacted, the Conversions thereof levied and applied with more Certainty for the Purposes for which they were intended, and these Inconveniences hitherto arising, as to the Mode of exacting the said Statute-work, effectually removed in all Time coming May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Heritor who is at present, or shall be at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment as Proprietor or Liferenter of Lands lying in the said County of Edinburgh, valued in the Tax Roll of the said County at one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and ail and every the eldest Sons of such Heritors for the Time being who shall be possessed of the Valuation aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for putting in Execution all and every the Powers, Matters and Things committed to them by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Heritor?* so possessed of the aforesaid Sum of one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and all and every the eldest Sons of such Heritors for the Time being, or Persons properly authorised by them, to meet at their respective Parish Churches on the third Monday of June> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, with Power of Adjournment; and such one or more of them, os Persons properly authorised by them, as shall meet, are hereby authorised and impowered to make up an exact Lift of the Number of Ploughgates in their respective Parishes; and that each Estate and Farm (bast be held to contain as many Ploughgates as the arable and pasture Land might reasonably keep of Plough?, if under Tillage: And it is hereby provided. That the Heritors, or Persons properly authorised by them,1 so convened, shall have Power to take such Proofs as to them shall seem necessary for ascertaining the Number of Ploughgates; and that Copies of the Lifts so made up, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, and entered in the Books kept by him; and if any Person or Persons shall think themselves aggrieved or lefed by the Lifts so made up, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions, or any other General Quarter Sessions which shall happen within the Space of Six Months after making up such Lifts; and in case the Heritors of any Parish shall neglect to make up their Lifts in Manner aforesaid, or to transmit the same before the next Quarter Sessions, the Justices of Peace of the said County shall have Power to make up Lists of the Number of Ploughgates, in the same Manner, and to the same Effect, as if they had been made up by the Heritors as Trustees aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Heritors and Liferenters, in the natural Possession of their own Lands, and all Tenants occupying Lands, shall be obliged to assist at repairing the Highways in the said County; and for that Purpose, when required by the Overseers in their respective Parishes, to furnish, for the Number of Days ascertained by Law, two Carts, two able Servants, and four able Horses, for each Plougbgare of Land pofttfted by them respectively, upon fourteen Days Warning being given them by the Overseer of the Parish for that Purpose: And it is hereby provided. That Grass Grounds set separately, without Liberty of Tillage, shall be held in the natural Possession of the Heritor?, who shall be obliged to pay the converted Value for the Ploughs they might keep ior such Grounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons keeping Carls or Wain5, and occupying no Land, or lei's than a Ploughgate of Land, shall be obliged in like Manner, up-in such

gening

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 18. 439

Warning being given them, to assist at repairing the Highways with their Carts and Wains for the Days Land?, to work ascertained by Law; and that a)I Householders, not being Servants hired by the Year, nor liable to fend "

out Carts or Wains, shall be obliged, when required, to perform Statute Work annually on the Highways'

Ways by themselves, or by Persons properly employed by them.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared, That no Person shall be obliged Statute Service

to perform Service, or send out Carts or Wains to the Highways, during the Period of Seed-time or f^ed^Seed* Harvest in that Part of the Country where he or she live.; hme or Harveth-

VI. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to oblige the Brewers residing within the City of Brewers in Edinburgh, or the Common Carts of Leith and Edinburgh, to perform any Wotk whatsoever on the said Edinburgh, and

Roads. - the common

Carts of Leith and Edinburgh, exempted.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Competition*monfcy leviable from Householders within the City of Edinburgh, Canongate, and Suburbs of the City, and from the Inhabitants of Leith) in lieu of Statute-work, shall be applied in the same Manner, and to the same Purposes, to which they were appropriated by former Acts \ any Thing contained in the present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, That if any Person shall be required to perform the said Service during the Time he or she shall be employed in leading Sea*ware from the Shore, it shall be optional to the Person so required to liberate him or herself from Performance of the Service at that Time, upon Payment of the Value thereof, returnable upi n his or her actually performing the Service within two Weeks after they shall have been required to perform as aforesaid.

IX. And it is hereby further provided, That no Person liable as a Householder, who occupies a House whereof the yearly Rent or Value is twenty Shillings Sterling, or under, shall be obliged to perform Service on the Highways at any Time, otherways than upon Payment to them of the ordinary Rate of Labour in that Part of the Country.

X. Provided always, That in place of the personal Service of any Person or Persons by this Act liable to the Repair of the said Roads, or, instead of the Attendance of his or their Servants and Carriages, it shall and may be lawful for the Heritors aforesaid in the several Parishes, or Persons properly authorised by them, if they shall find it necessiry, annually to demand a Conversion in Money for all or any Part of the Services above mentioned, after the Rate of Three-pence Sterling by the Day for each Man\ Twelve-pence by the Day for each Man and Cart with one Horse; Eighteen-pence by the Day for each Man and Cart with two Horses; and for Wains in Proportion, where the Custom is to work with Oxen: Which Money so to be raised and collected in Manner herein-before and after mentioned, is and shall be vested in the said Heritors, and the same ro be applied and disposed of by them for the Purposes for which’ they are by Law intended, the reasonable Charg s expended, or that shall be paid in or about or by reason ofpafiing this Act of Parliament, being first deducted.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Whole of the aforesaid Sums shall be paid, on or before the Twentieth Day of Jpril yearly, to a Collector or Collectors to be appointed by the Heritors aforesaid, within their respective Parishes, who are to keep an exact Account of the Money so to be collected, and who are to have the CuTlody of the Tofils belonging to the Highways; and which Collector or Collectors shall be allowed a suitable Gratification for their Trouble, at the Discretion of the Heritors.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, liable as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect, on or before the said Day, to pay the aforesaid Conversion, or to perform Services on the Highways when required, it shall be lawful L r the Sheriff Deputy, or his Substitute, or for the Justices of Peace, or any two of the said Justices, to grant Summary Warrants for poinding the Effects of the Deficient, for Payment of the converted Values as above mentioned, and a Third Part more; which Warrants shall be granted, and the said Sheriff Deputy, or his Substitute, and the Justices aforesaid, are required and impowered to grant, upon an Application made by the said Collector or Collectors, and an Attestation in Writing, figr.ed by him or them, or by the Overseers of the Highways in the said County, bearing that the Persons corr pi fined on had been deficient in prying the Conversion above mentioned, or in coming out to the Highways to perform the Services thereon, when required so to do, at lead fourteen Days before.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff Deputy, or his SuMlitute, or trie Justices of Peace aforesaid, to award Damages to Treble the Value, to be paid to the Persons aggrieved by the Collectors or Overseers, if they shall find that the Collectors or Overseers have made a false or improper Accusation against any Person liable in Payment, as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Heritors, by Warrant under their Hands to the Collector or Overseer aforesaid, to relieve such Persons as they know to be in indigent Circumstances, from the Payment of all or any Part of the said Compofuion: But it is hereby provided, That even where the aforesaid Conversion Dial 1 be demanded, any Payment made thereof, or where an Immunity shall be granted, it shall (fill be lawful to compel all labouring Men, not being Servants hired by the Year, to perform Service on the Highways, for six Days in the Year, on Payment to them of the ordinary Rate of Labour for the Time in that Part of the Country where the Service is to be performed*, and that under the Penalties mentioned in the former Statutes.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons keeping Horses for Draught, more than what is necessary fir working the Ploughs and Carts usually kept by them, shall be obliged, for every Pair of such additional Horses, to pay the Half of the converted Value of the Service of one Plough.

7

Composition-money leviable on Householdtrt* in Edinburgh, &c. and Leith, to be applied at directed by Law# Proviso relative to Persons leading Sea ware from the Shore*.

Householdera not renting above 20 s. a Year exempted*.

Statute Labour may be convert* ed into a Money Fayxtnt.

Conversion Mb* ney to be paid yearly.

Conversion Mo-" ney may be le-^ vied.

Damages; may be awarded to Persons aggriev--cd by Co.leftorc*

Indigent Persons to be relieved,

Additional Draught Horses chargeable to the Repair of the Roads,

Self. i.

440

Yearly Meeting* of the 'f ruAces,

Heritor! may chuse Committees to oversee the R' pairs of the Roads*

Committees to account to the Hc/iiori.

Statute Service and Conversion, to be applied to Repairs of the Roads in the Parish where it is raised.

Priviso relative to the Application of Conver-Jjon Money* Appeal to the Quitter Sef-

fi JflS,

Money levied for partial Deficiencies in Pa-ri/hes, how to be applied. Penalty cn Oveifccis neglecting to give. in thcii Accounts.

Heritors may exact kfs Work or Money than oue.

Pitches to be Icourcd.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Justices at their Quarter

Seiluns.

C. 18. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Heritors aforesaid, in their several Parishes, shall also meet on the first Tuesday of Jpril yearly* in order to ascertain and determine what Roads are necessary to be repaired in the said Parishes for that Year; to fix what Part of the Statute-work in each Parish is to be exacted in Service, and what Part thereof in Money; to make such Allocations of the Act 11 al Service, and such Appropriation of the Money, as to them shall seem expedient for making the said Repairs; and in case any of the said Heritors, Tenants, and others, shall think themselves lefed by the Resolutions of the Meeting, it shall be lawful for them, or any of them, to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and impowered summarily to hear and determine the Matter in Dispute, and whose Judgement shall be final.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Heritors aforesaid, in the several Parishes, shall on the same Day chuse Committees of their own Number, or such other residing within the Parishes as they shall think proper, to have the general Oversight and Direction of the Repairs, on each of the several Roads to be repaired, for the ensuing Year, who shall have Power to draw on the Collector for the Sums appropriated for each Road; and it shall be lawful for them to appoint Overseers under them, to attend and direct the Repairs, who shall be allowed a suitable Gratification for their Trouble.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Committees to be appointed by the Heritors as above, shall be obliged annually to make up an exact Account of the whole Money levied and expended on the Highways in each Parish, which Accounts, with the Vouchers thereof, shall be annually laid before the Justices of the Peace, convened at their Quarter Sessions in the Month of March% to be examined by them, or such of their Number as they shall appoint, and Abstracts thereof to be recorded in the Bo ks kept by the Clerk of the Peace; and in case the Heritors aforesaid of any Parish shall, at any Time, neglect to execute the Powers committed to them by this Act, either by not naming Col* leftors or Overseers, or by not doing what is necessary for making the Services effectual as above directed, then, and in that Case, it shall be lawful for any one Heritor in said County to apply to the Justices of Peace, convened at their General Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and required to appoint Collectors for uplifting the converted Value of the Services in such Parish, for the Year wherein they have been deficient, and to apply the same for repairing any other Roads in the next adjoining Parishas to them shall seem proper.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Statute Services in each Parift, and the Money raised by the Conversion of them, shall be applied to the Roads lying within the Parish, and under the Direction of the Heritors, and to no other Purpose, unless Three Fourths of the said Heritors, qualified as aforesaid, shall at any Time agree to apply Part thereof to Roads in any other adjoining Parishes, which it shall be lawful for them to do.

XX. Provided nevertheless, That neither the Statute Services, nor any Part of the Money raised by the Conversion of the said Services, shall be applied to the Repair of any Road, to the Reparation whereof the Money leviable by or under* the Statutes now in Force, for making the Turnpike Roads of the said County, is made applicable by the said Statutes.

XXI. Provided always, That in case any of the said Heritors in the said Parishes shall apprehend that they are lefed by such Application, it shall be lawful for them to appeal to the next Quarter Sessions, whose Judgement shall be final.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, That if one Part of a Parish has performed their Statute-work, ami paid their Composition as aforesaid, and another Part of the Parish has been deficient, then, and in that Event, the Money levied from such Deficients shall be applied in that Part of the Parish where the Work has been performed, or where the Heritors of/uch Part shall direct.

XXIII. Provided always and it is hereby expressly declared, That if any Overseer shall neglect: to give in his Accounts, as before directed, he shall be liable to be fined by the Justices, or any two of them of the said County, in a Sum not exceeding five Pounds Sterling, to be applied upon the Roads as the said Justices shall direct.

XXIV. Provided always, That it shall be in the Power of the said Heritors within their respective Pa-fifties, in case the Condition of the Roads do not require the Performance, or the converted Value of the whole Statute Services, to exact no more, either in Work or Money, than shall be requisite for maintaining the Roads in sufficient Repair.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Ditches have been, or shall in Time coming be made upon the Side of the Road, the Occupiers of the said Ditches shall be obliged to keep them scoured; and failing their so doing when required, it (laall and may be lawful for the Sheriff Deputy, or his Substitute, or for the Justices of Peace, or any two or more of them, to appoint proper Persons to scour the said Ditches at the Expence of such Occupier; and upon his refusing Payment of the Expences thereby incurred, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sheriff Deputy, his Substitute, or for the Justices of Peace, or any two or more of them, to levy such Expence by Distress and Sale, in the same Manner as is directed for levying the Composition aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Relief hath been already hereby directed or appointed, it shall and may be lawful to and for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County; or in case the said Cause of Complaint shall arise within fifteen Days next before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then such Appeal may be to the said Justices at the second General Quarter Sessions for the said County, who are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Person or Persons so aggrieved; and if they fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of such

44*

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 19.

Sessions, mitigate, at their Discretion, all or any of the Penalties and Forfeitures laid or incurred by the Party or Parties complaining, or vacate or set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherways may ratify or confirm the same, with such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to levy, by their Order or Warrants, such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the fame; and for Want of such Distress, to commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until Payment of such Costs shall be made; but the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid shall, and they are hereby directed to give Notice, in Writing, to the Common Clerk of the Justices of the said County, of such their Intention of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, fifteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall, within five Days after such Notice given, lodge in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace, a Bond signed by him and two sufficient Securities, obliging himself to prosecute such Appeal, and, in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, to pay such Cost and Charges as the said Justices shall direct in that Behalf; and every such Appeal shall, at the then next General Quarter Sessions, be there heard and finally determined.

XXVII. And whereas the Trustees appointed by, or elected in pursuance of, three Acts made in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

and in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow, were authorised and impowered to borrow certain Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties authorised to be levied and collected at the Toll-bars within the said County of Edinburgh: And whereas the Trustees having divided the said County into certain Distri&s,

and allotted to each District a certain Share or Proportion of the total Sum allowed to be borrowed, the Trustees for that District of the said County, called The District of Lafwade^ did, in consequence of the said Acts, borrow, upon the Security of the Tolls and Duties collected and levied at the Toll-bars within the said District, their Share and Proportion of the said total Sum allowed to be borrowed, and expended the same in making and repairing the Tui npike Roads in the said District: And a further Sum being necessary for that Purpose, the Trustees for the said District did borrow certain Sums’, upon their own Personal Security, which have been also applied for making and repairing the Turnpike Roads within the same: And whereas a further Sum is necessary for the lame Purpose, and it is reasonable that the Money, borrowed upon the Personal Security, of the Trustees, should be paid, in order that they may be relieved of their said Engagement Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees, appointed by or in pursuance of the said former Acts, for making and repairing the Turnpike Roads within the County of Edinburght or by this present Act, or any Seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to borrow, according to the Rules and Directions laid down and prescribed by the said former Acts, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of two thousand Pounds Sterling, at anlnterest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties levied at the Toll-bars already erected, or that shall be erected, under the Authority of the said former Acts, within the said District of Lafwade: And the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall be, and they are hereby impowered to assign and make over the whole or any Part of the Tolls and Duties presently levied, or that shall hereafter be levied, at the Toll-bars erected, or to be erected, within the District of Lafwade, to the Person or Persons advancing or lending the whole or any Part of such Sum or Sums of Money, as a Security for the Repayment of the Sum or Sums of Money so advanced or lent, with the Interest of the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of two thousand Pounds,#or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied, in the first Place, for Payment of the Money borrowed as above mentioned by the Trustees, upon their personal Security; and the Remainder thereof, for the further repairing the Turnpike Roads within the said District of Lafwade, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence of obtaining this present Act, shall be paid out of the first and readiest of the Monies levied in consequence thereof.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and others whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for settling the Rates for the Carriage of Passengers and Goods for Hire to and from the Isle of Wight.

WHEREAS the Conduct of the Matters and Owners of Vessels and Boats, kept within the Isle of Wight, and usually employed in carrying Passengers and Goods for Hire from the different Places of Passage in the said Island, to Southampton, Lymington, Portsmouth, Gosport, and other Places on the Coast of the County of Southampton (and returning from thence to the said Bland), has for many Years been complained of, and is now become a general Grievance to Persons having Occasion to pal's 1 and repass, and fend Goods, to and from the said Island, by reason of such Matters and Owners demanding exorbitant and unequal Prices for the Passage of Persons, and the Carriage of Goods, and their being at Liberty to refuse to carry Persons and Goods tendered for Carriage, to the great Inconvenience and Detriment of the Inhabitants, and others, having Occasion to pass and fend Goods to and from the said Island: And whereas the several Acts of Parliament made for settling the Rates for the Carriage of

k G-ods

Not ice of Appeal to be |iven.

Recital of Act*

for repaying Roads in the County of Edinburgh.

The Trustees for the Lafwade District impowered to borrow a further Sum of Mo* neyj

and to assign the Tolls as a Security.

Application of the Money to be borrowed.

Erpences of this Act how to be paid.

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble.]

44*

Prcet of Carri-sec to be asseired by he Quarter

Penalty on taking higher Rates.

Mrfte s Name*,

&c. t - be put on Vdiels j

inJ u TaMe of Rites 3iHxed in the Cabin, &c, and al:’o a De» feription of Houj'e', tegifiered for receiving Coed*; onon Pain of forfeiting 5 I#

Exception atto Yelk-li carding the Mj;J, &c.

onlcts engaged to

Carry Pafifngef S, Sec. at an earlier Hour,

Person* aggrieved may a peal to the Quarter Session*.

C. 19. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sett. 1.

Goods for Hire, extend only to the Carriage of Goods by Land May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Southampton, at every Mi Jr summer General Quarter Sessions, to be holden in and for the said County, shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby enjoined and required, to assess and rate the Prices to be taken, as well for the Paiftgc of all Persons, as for the Carriage of all Cattle, Goods, and Merchandize, going and to be carried to and from the several Places of Pailagein the said Isle of Wight, to and from Southampton, Lyming-ton, Portsmouth, G0/port, and other Places on the Coalt of the County of Southampton, by the several Owners and Matters of all Hoys, Packet Hoars, and other Vessels whatsoever, kept within the said Island, and usually employed in carrying Passengers, Cattle, Goods, or Merchandize, to and from the said Island for Hire; and also to assess and late the Prices to be taken for the Carriage of Horses and other Cattle, and of Wheel Carriages, in any Hoffe-boats, or other Boats whatsoever, kept either within the said Island, or at the several Places of Passage above mentioned, on the Coast of the said County, and usually employed for the putting on Shore, or conveying on Board, Horses and other Cattle, Wheel Carriages, Goods, of Merchandize, carried or to be carried in any such first-mentioned Hoys, Packet Boats, and other Vessels; which Rates and Prices so aHefled and rated as aforesaid, shall continue in Force respectively until they shall be altered by any Order of the Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, to be made at any subsequent Midsummer Session, and which, when made and altered, shall be binding as the aforesaid firtt-mentioned Order; and in case any such Matter or Owner of any Hoy, Packet Boar, or other Veil'd, or Horse-hoat, or other Boat, or other Person employed by him to navigate the same, shall demand or take, for the Passage of any Person, or for the Carriage of any Horses or other Cattle, Wheel Carriage, Goods, or Merchandize, above the Rates or Prices so to be aifetted and rated, or shall (not being prevented by some obvious Difficulty or Danger) refuse to carry any Passenger, or Wilfully neglect or refuse to carry any such Horses, Cattle, Wheel Carriage, Goods, or Merchandize, for such Rates or Prices, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of his and their Goods, by Warrant of any one or more JufLce or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, or for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, or for the respective Boroughs of Southa?nptony Portsmouth, or Newport, to the Use of the Corporation of the Guardians of the Poor of the JJlc of flight, or to the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offender dwells; and if sufficient Distress shall not be found, every Person so offending shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master and Owner of every Hoy, Packet-Boat, or other Vessel whatsoever, kept within the said lfl.ind, and usually employed in carrying Passengers, Cattle, Goods, or Merchandize, to and from the said Island for Hire, shall have his Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode, painted on the Stern of such Hoy, Packet Boat, and other Vessel5 and also shall from Time to Time affix and put up, in painted or printed Letters, in the Cabin, or some other convenient and conspicuous Part of such Hoy, Packet Boat, or other Vessel, the Rates or AsselT-ments so to be made at any such General Quarter Sessions; and also a Description of the Houses or Places to be registered as herein after mentioned by the Matters and Owners of such Hoys, Packet B°ats, and other Vessels, for the Reception and Entry of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, within one Calendar Month after the Prices shall be so a defied and rated, and after the Houses or Places shall be so registered, upon Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect or Refusal so to do, the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and applied in Manner aforesaid, to the Use of the Corporation of the Guardians of the Poor of the JJlc of Wight9 or to the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offender dwells; and if sufficient Distress shall not be found, every Person so offending shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject or rflake liable the Matter of any Packet, Vessel, or Boat, retained, employed, or engaged, to carry the Mail, or any Port-office Express, to or from the said Island, to any Penalty to be incurred by this Act, for refusing or neglecting to carry any Passenger, 01 any Cattle, Goods, or Merchandize, on the Day on which he shall be actually employed in carrying such Mail or Post-office Express, before the Hour which shall be appointed for his going with such Mail or Post-office Express.

IV. Provided also, That if the Master of any such Packet, Vesse), or Boat, so actually employed in carrying such Mail or Port-office Express as aforesaid, shall nevertheless have engaged to carry any Person, Horses, Cattle, Carriage, or other Goods and Merchandize, for Hire, at an earlier Hour of the same Day, and shall wilfully neglect or refuse to fulfil such Engagement, every such Master shall be liable to the Penalty hereby imposed on Persons wilfully refusing or neglecting to carry Passengers and Goods as aforesaid.*

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases of Penalties and Forfeitures given by this Act to be levied by Distress and Sale, on Conviction before one or more Justice or Justices, it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall think himself aggrieved by such Conviction, to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Southampton, against such Conviction; and the Justices at such Session3 assembled shall and may hear and finally determine such Appeal, and mitigate or set aside such Penalties, in such Manner as they shall think proper: Provided always, That in case the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall happen within ten Days after such Conviction, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties aggrieved thereby to appeal to the then next subsequent General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Southampton.

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20, 21.

VI. And whereas it will be found expedient, for the more speedy and regular Conveyance of Goods

to and from the said ljle oflpjghty that certain Houses or Places should be appointed and engaged for the

Reception, of such Goods, and that such Houses or Places should be publickly made known be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owners and Mailers of all Hoys, Packer Boars, and other Vessels whatsoever, kept within the said Bland, and usually employed in carrying Passengers, Cattle, Goods, or Merchandize, to and from the said Island for Hire, shall appoint and engage some House or Place, as well in the Iff of Wight, as in the Towns of Southampton, Lymington, Portsmouth, and Gosport, and other Places on the said Coast of Southampton, to which they shall usually be employed to carry Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, where such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, directed to and from the said Island, may be received, and shall, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Southampton, after such House or Place shall have been so appointed and engaged, specify and register the same with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Southampton; for which Entry a Fee of one Shilling, and no more, shall be taken by the said Clerk of the Peace.

VII. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be, kept at every such House or Place for the entering all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, delivered therein; and that all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, delivered at every such House or Place, shall be a good Delivery, to all Intents and.Purposes, to the Owner or Mailer of the said Hoy, Packet Boat, or other Vessel, by whom such House or Place shall be r^giftered respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Fees to be paid for the entering of all Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, in the Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, shall be settled and ascertained by the Justices at a Midsummer General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, in like lanner as the Rates or Pripes to be takpn for the Conveyance of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, are herein-before dirrfted to be assessed and rated; and that a printed Lift or Account of such Fees shall be fixed from Time 10 Time in some conspiciwu* Part of every such House or Place: And ioxtfe the Matter of any such Hoy, Packet Boat, or other Vessel, shall neglect or refuse to appoint and engage, and, having so appointed and engaged, to specify and register some proper House or Place, or Houses or Places, as aforesaid, for the Reception of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes-aforesaid, at such Sessions, or to keep a Book or Books for the Entry of such Goods, or to affix a printed Lift of such Fees in such House or Place; or, in case any Person or Persons usually receiving the Fees ascertained as^aforesaid for the Entry of Goods, shall wilfully refuse to receive and enter any Goods, tendered with such Fees, in the Book provided for the Entry thereof, every Person offending in any such Case, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and applied in Manner aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Waggoner and other Carrier bringing Goods and-Parcels, directed to any Person or Persons, to be delivered in the Ifteof Wighty either to Southampton, Lymington, Portsmouth, or Gosport, or any other Place on the Coast of the County of Southampton) shall, and they are hereby required to deliver such Goods or Parcels, without wilful Delay, to fame House or Place appointed, engaged, and registered, for the Reception thereof, or to the Matter or Owner of some Hoy, Packet Boat, or other Vessel, immediately employed in the said Paflige.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of any Parish in the Isle of Wight, or of any Parish, Township, or Place, wherein any Offender contrary to this Act may dwell, shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her being an Inhabitant of the said Island, or of such Parish, Township, or Place.

XI. And be it fprther-enacted, That all and every Conviction and Con visions for any Penalty whatsoever, in pursuance of this Act, shall be drawn up in the following Manner, or Words to the same Effect, and shall not be quashed or vacated, or any Advantage taken thereof, for Want of Form.

County of 7 T> E it remembered. That on the Day of in the

c SoiaJumpioft' S JQ Year of his Majesty's Reign, is [or are] convicted

before in the bum of for [Specifying the Offence and Fatty as the Case shall be.]

Given under Hand and Seal [or Hands and Seals], the Day and Year aforesaid/

XII. Provided also, That no Person shall be punished for any Offence against this Act, unless such Offender be prosecuted for the same within one Calendar Month after the Offence committed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the Appointment of an Additional Overseer, for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, at Newhaven, in the County of Sussex.

443

Mafferi of Vef-^cis to appoint and engj%e Houses for lodging Goodi, &c* '

To be fegiflem! by the Clerk of the Peace.

Bookt to be kept at such House*, to enter Goods desirered therein.

Fee* for entering Good* in such Bookt to be ascertained by. Quirtet Sc&oAi»'

Carrlef* to del?, yet Good^.without Delay at registered Houjfci.

Inhabited of the lfleof Wight competent Wit* nefirt.

Convi£Hon* not to be qua&ed for Want of Fora

Form of Co^«

fidioa«

Limitation of Actionr.

[Publick Act.]

444

Seif. 2»

frcamklffc

Bast India Company impowered to make a Dividend for the Half Year end-ingjoly 5, 1784,

[Preamble.]

Recital of Acts 22 Geo. II, Cap. 275

74 Geo. III. Cap. 44}

«ml 15 Geo. III. Cap. 14.

C. 1 - 3.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. vicesimo quarto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighteenth Day of May, Juno Domini 4 /-\ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our

Ji -m. Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland\ King, Defender of the Faith, tsV.

Being the first Session of the sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.*

CAP. I.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

[Further continued to August 1, 1784.]

CAP. II.

An Act to impower the East India Company to make a Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock, at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

WHEREAS the Affairs of the East India Company are now under the Consideration of Parliament, but cannot be determined on so soon as the Dividend for the Half Year, ending the fifth 4 Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, is required to be declared; yet, in regard it would be injurious to the Credit of the said Company, if the said Dividend should be postponed or de- layed till the said Company’s Affairs can be fully investigated, it is expedient that, in the mean Time,

such Dividend as herein after is mentioned should be allowed to be made for the said Half Year;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temooral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, in the usual Manner, to set apart and apply so much Money as shall not exceed the Rate of four rounds per Centum on the Capital of three millions and two hundred thousand Pounds, as and for a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said United Company, for the Half Year from the fifth Day o{January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to the fifth Day offa/jr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of hats, and in the Woollen, Linen j Fuji inn, Cotton, Iron, Lea- ther, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers, and journeymen Hot-preffers, and of all Persons employed in the said fever a I Manufac*

tures\ and for the better Payment of their Wages: And by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the men lc effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Alan u failure of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fujltan, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Pur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures \ and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers, and journeymen Hot-prefers, and of a!l Persons employed in the said several Manufactures \ and for the better Payment of their Wages And by another Act,

made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, ‘4 An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend on Art, made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 44 An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacturet of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian. Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair and Sill Manufactures \ and for preventing unlawful Combinations of journeymen Dyers, and Journeymen Hot- prefers, and of all Persons employed in the said everal Manufactures', and for the better Payment of their Wages 5" certain Penalties and Punishments in the said Acts respectively mentioned are inflicted upon all Persons who shall reel false or short Yarn, and on Persons embezzling the Materials used in the said Manufactures: And whereas the good Purposes of the said Laws have been greatly frustrated from the Manufacturers of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn* and Goods made from Worsted, being unwilling to

cxP°k

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. 445

General Meeting of Manufactureil appointed.

Committee to appoint a Clerk*

expose themselves singly to the Loss attending the Resentment of the Spinners and Work People by prosecuting them for Offences against the said Acts: And whereas this important Branch of the Woollen Manufacture will be greatly prejudiced thereby* unless the Manufacturers are enabled jointly to carry these Laws into effectual Execution, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a General Meeting of the Manufacturers of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk,

shall be held at Stow Market in the said County, on the second Tuesday in the Month of August next ensuing after the passing of this Act, at the Hour of eleven of the Clock in the Fosenoon of the same Day,

Notice of which shall be given in the Ipswich and Bury Newspapers at lead twenty-one Days before the said Meeting, by the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Suffolk; at which said General Meeting the said Manufacturers present by themselves, or Proxies appointed by Writing under the Hand of any of such Manufacturers, shall have Votes; and having first chosen a Chairman, the said Manufacturers shall elect, nominate, and appoint fifteen Persons from amongst themselves, which said fifteen Pe/fcns so to be elected,

shall be a Committee of the said Manufacturers for the Time being, and until another Committee Anil be chosen and appointed in the Manner herein after provided, and so as often as there shall be Occasion; which Committee are hereby authorised and impowered to nominate and recommend two or more proper Persons to be licensed by the Justices of the Peace of the County of Suffolk at any of their Quarter Sessions for the said County, or any Adjournment thereof, to be Inspectors for the Purposes herein after mentioned; and also to have the Direction of all Prosecutions of Offenders against this and the said before mentioned Acts, and the Management of the Fund herein after to be created, and to do all other Matters and Things which may be deemed necessary and proper for the carrying this Act into Execution, in such Manner as the said Committee of the Manufacturers for the Time being, cr any five or more of them, at a publick Meeting to be assembled, shall judge and think best for the (nterest and Advantage of all the said Manufacturers.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or the greater Part of them, ac any General Meeting assembled (and they are hereby authorised and required) from Time to Time to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a proper Person to be their Clerk; which said Clerk shall attend the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall in proper Books, to Hi* Duty, be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep true and perfect Accounts of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Committee; and that each and every of the said Manufacturers shall and may, at

all convenient Times, have Recourse to and peruse and inspefl all such Books gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying Two-pence for every one hundred Words so to be copied; and if the Clerk shall refuse to permit any such Manufacturer to inspect such Books, or refuse to make Copies or Extracts thereof at the Rate or Times aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty inflicted by this Act is directed to be recovered.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid a Meeting of the said Committee for the Time being shall be held four Times in every Year; (that is to say) on the Thursday before Midsummer-day, on the Thursday before Michaelmas-(lay, on the Thursday before the Epiphany, and on the Thursday before Easter-day^ at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of each and every of the said Days, who shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time as Occasion may require; all which said Quarterly Meetings of such Committee shall be held at Bury Saint Edmunds, the first of which said Quarterly Meetings shall be held on the first of the said Days on which the said Quarterly Meetings are herein-before appointed to be held, which shall first happen after the Election of such Committee as aforesaid; and at such first Quarterly Meeting, and every subsequent Quarterly Meeting of such Committee for the Time being, a Chairman for each of such said Quarterly Meetings shall be chosen, and all Matters or Things which shall come before such Committee for their Determination, shall be determined by a Majority of Votes of the Members of such Committee then present, and if there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question which shall come before the said Committee, then the Chairman shall have a calling Vote, by which Vote such Question in Dispute shall be determined.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not at any of such Quarterly Meetings be there present and assembled five of the Persons constituting such Committee, then, and in such Case, it is hereby declared, that no Business whatsoever shall be done at such Meeting, and the Majority of the Persons then present shall cause fourteen Days Notice to be given in the Ipswich and Bury Weekly Newspapers of such. next Quarterly Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear to any three or more of such Committee for the Time being, that for the more effectual putting any of the Powers granted by this Ai\ into Execution, or for settling or difeufting any Matters or Things whatsoever relative to the same, a special J^leeting of such Committee is necelfar}' or expedient to be held, it shall and may be lawful for the said three or more of the said Committee for the Time being, to direct the Clerk to give Notice of such special Meeting of the Committee to every Member thereof, setting forth the Place where and the Time when such special Meeting shall be appointed to be held; and in case there shall be then present at such special Meeting five of the said Committee, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee so present to proceed in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act to such Committee.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any one or more of the said Committee for the Time being shall die, or shall decline Business as a Manufacturer, or shall go to reside in any distant Part of the Kingdom, or shall wilfully absent himself or themselves from the said Quarterly Meetings for the Space of one Year* or refuse to act, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee *€#

Quarterly Meeting! appointed.

Chairman to be

cholen.

Question* to be determined by t Majority.

No Bufinefa to be done at Quarter 1 y Meeting* unless ft*e Members present.

Three Committee Men may call a special Meeting.

New Committee Men to be chafe* in case 01 Death,

M

mm 2

tec w

£>fC

446

Jf Committee f)cg!cd their Duty,

Jufiires mat, on C'omplaintthere-©f, ca'la General Moling) Sec,

Justices to appoint Inspetfort et Vara, Ac,

Committee to Nation Inspectors, and allow them Salaries,

i

Jhfpe&ors to use Diligence incon-widting and biingm* Offenders to Justice;

Tbtir Power*

Directions how V or fled Yara 4*11 be reeled#

C 3. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2-

foil the Time being, at any of their fair! Quarterly Meetings, there being five of such- Committee then present, to chuse another or other proper Person or Persons:, being Manufacturors of combing Wool* Worsted Yarn, or Goods made from Worsted, in his or their Phcc or Places, who shall have the same Power and Authority as if appointed at a General Meeting.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter it shall appear, to any fifteen or more of the said Manufacturers of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, or Goods nude from Worsted, within the said County of SuffAk, that the said Committee for the Time being neglect to discharge their Duty to the Ends, Intents, and Purposes for which such Committee was appointed; and in case such fifteen or more of such Manufacturers so dissatisfied shall, in Writing under their Hands, maker Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, in any of the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or in any Adjournment thereof, for the (aul County of Suffolk to be held and assembled, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices in such Sessions assembled, and they are hereby required (if they shall think proper after hearing the Nature of such Complaint) to call and appoint a General Meeting of the Manufacturers of combing Wool* Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, within the said County of Suffolk^ at such Time and Place as such Justices shall think proper, and shall also cause Notice to be given of such General Meeting of such Manufacturers as aforesaid in the Ipswich and limy Weekly Newspapers, letting fonh the Place where, and the Time when, such General Meeting shall be held, the same not being leis than twenty-one Days after such Notice given in the said Papers, and which Notice shall be continued in the said Papers until such Meeting shall be held; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Manfafturers then present at such General Meeting called and held in Manner as aforesaid, to elect, nominate, and appoint a Committee confiding of the same Number of Persons, and in the like Manner, and under and subject to the like Orders, Regulations, and Directions herein before laid down and ordered for the Election of the first Committee; and the Persons so elected* nominated, and appointed to be a new Committee in Manner aforesaid, shall thereupon be inverted with the same Powers and Authorities as the former Committee were inverted with.

VIII. And, for preventing Frauds and Abuses for the future by Persons employed in the said Mana- failures of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, and for the more effectual carrying this Act into Execdtion,’ be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, at their next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, or any Adjournment thereof, after Michaelmas next after the passing of this Act, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to license and appoint such Persons of good Character and Repute within the said County of Suffolk, as shall be recommended to the said Justices by the said Committee of Manufacturers, or any five of such Committee, in Writing under their Hands, to be inspectors of Worsted Yarn within the said County of Suffolk.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Manufacturers for the Time being, or any five of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to station such Fnfpeftors for such Diilnfts in the said County of Suffolk as the said Committee, or any five of them, shall think proper, and shall and may assign, allow, and pay to the said Inspectors so appointed such yearly Salaries as the said Committee, or any five of them, shall think proper, to be paid out of the Fund herein after mentioned to be raised far that and the other Purposes of this Act; and also shall and may remove, dismiss, and displace any of such Inspectors, who by Sickness, or any other Accident, shall be rendered incapable of serving the said Office, or shall misbehave, or not conduct himself or themselves to the Satisfaction of such Committee.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspectors for the Time being so appointed shall feve-raliy and respectively, in the several Districts allotted to them by the said Committee, use all due Diligence and Industry for the convicting and bringing to Justice all Offenders against this and the said former Acts, and also shall and do from Time to Time, and as often as they shall be thereto required by the faiti Committee, inspect the several Reels of all and every the Spinners of Worsted Yarn in tffir several and respective Districts within the said County of Suffolk, and also the Hanks of Worsted Yarn, in order to see that the Directions herein after laid down for reeling such Yarn shall be complied with, and also shall and do, from Time to Time, when, and as they or any of them shall deteeft any Person or Persons offending against this#or the said former Acts, lod^e Informations against such Offender or Offenders before the proper Justice or Justices of the Peace, and prosecute such Offender or Offenders to Conviction: And for the easier Detection of all Offenders against this and the said former Acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Inspector or Inspectors, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to demand Entrance at all seasonable Hours into the Dwelling-house or D welling-houses, Shop or Shops, Outhouse or Outhouses of any Agents or Persons hired or employed to put out Wool to be spun within the said County of Suffolk, to inspect the Yarn in the Custody of any such Agent or Person hired or employed as aforesaid within the said County, where he has any Information of, or suspects any false or short-reeled Yarn; and in case of llefufal, by any such Agent or Person hired or employed to put out Wool to be spun into Worsted Yarn, to permit and suffer such Inspection, he, she, or they so refusing shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, as such Justice or Justices, before whom he, she, or they shall be convicted, shall think proper, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons employed or undertaking to spin or reel Worsted Yam for Hire in the said County of Suffolk, shall reel, or cause or procure the same to be reeled, either upon a Yard Reel of thirty-six Inches, or a Seven Quarter Reel of sixty-three Inches, or a two Yaid Reel of seventy-two Inches round; and when such Worsted Yarn shall be so reeled, that each and every several Hank or Skain of such Worsted Yarn, which shall be reeled on a Yard Reel, shall consist of or contain seven Raps or Leas 3 that each and every such Rap or LSa shall coiaft of or

5 (?onuin

A.D. 1784. Airna vice fun o quarto Georgii IIIt

C. 3»

447

contain eighty Threads of such Worsted Yarn; and that each and every several Hank or Skain of such Worsted Yarn as shall be reeled on a Seven Quarter or a Two Yard Reel, shall consist of or contain fix Raps or Leas 5 and that each and every such Rap or Lea shall consist of or contain eighty Threads of such Worsted Yarn.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Perform hired or Penalties on frlfe employed ir> the combing of Wool, or in the spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving of Worsted Yarn, reding of w. r. or in the preparing or working up any of the Materials used in the said Manufactures in the said County Yftcn*

of Suffolk, shall reel, or cause to be reeled, any Worsted Yarn contrary to the Directions herein before specified and laid down for the reeling such Yarn, or shall conceal, keep bick, embezzle, fell, or otherwise dispose of any Wool or other Materials entrusted with him, her, or them to spin, or other Purposes, and shall of all or any of such several Offences be lawfully convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County* upon the Oath (or, if the Owner thereof be of the People called ^takers, fclemn Affirmation) of the Owner of such Yarn or Wool, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of the Inspector or Inspectors appointed as aforesaid, or of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and ace hereby impowered and required to administer), or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with all or any of such Offences, such Person or Persons shall, for each and every such Offence, be subject and liable to the same Penalties and Punishments as are severally inflicted by the said former Acts, so far as the said former Acts, or any of them, are unrepealed; ail which Penalties shall be recovered and Punishments inflicted in the Manner directed by the said Acts, or any of them; and which said Penalties shall publickly distributed by the Constable of such Township, Parish, or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, in the Presence and under the Direction of the said Infpieftor or Inspectors, Amongst the Poor of such Township, Parish, or Place all above mentioned.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Prosecuton not the subjecting any Prosecutor or Prosecutors of any Offender or Offenders against this and the said former hibleto Charge* Acts, to any Charges or Expences of conveying such Offender or Offenders to Prison; bat such Charges %^cnxo^i\(oa and Expences shall be paid and borne by the Constabte or other Officer conveying such Offender or (5f- en ers ° n°°* fenders to Prison; and such Constable or other Officer shall be reimbursed and repaid such Charges

and Expences, in like Manner as he is reimbursed and repaid any other Charges or Expences of his said Office.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That no Part or Share of such Penalties or Forfeitures be given to such Pwvish. Offender or Offenders, his, her, or their Family or Families.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Agents, or Persons hired or Penalty on a«< employed to put out Wool to be spun into Worsted Yarn, shall have in his, her, or their Custody or gcowrefufmp t® Possession any Worsted Yarn, not reeled according to the Directions herein before specified and hid down for the reeling thereof, and shall refuse, or not let forth and give in Evidence, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, being thereto required, what Person or Persons was or were the Recler or Reelers of such false or short reeled Yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the same, so that the Person or Persons who reeled, or caused to be reeled, such false or short Yarn, may be lawfully convicted thereof in Manner aforesaid; he, she, or they so refusing, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath, (or, if of the People called Quakers) solemn Affirmation) of any Person or Persons, before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, as are herein before mentioned, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Parcel of Yarn made up as and for a Pound, so false or short reeled, which shall be found in his, her, or their Custody; all which Penalties inflicted by this Act shall be recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties instifted by the said former Acts are directed to be recovered, and shall go, be paid, and applied by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner and Form, to the Poor of the Township, as the Penalties herein before mentioned are* directed to be paid and applied.

XVI. And for asmuch as Doubts have arisen, whether the Goods and Chattels of a Husband, whose c Wife shall offend against the ffiid former Act?, are liable to Distress and Sale for raising the Penalties thereby created;’ be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all such Penalties as shall be incurred by any married Woman or married Women, shall and may be recovered, levied, and raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Husband or Husbands of such married Woman or married Women so offending against this Act, in the Manner directed by the said former Acts, or any of them.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be so appointed an Inspector of Worsted Yarn, shall happen to die, or (hffl be removed or displaced from his said Office, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace of the said County of Suffolk) in Quarter Sessions assembled, or in any Adjournment thereof, to license some other proper Person or Persons to be *n Inspector or Inspectors of Worsted Yarn within the said County of Suffolk^ upon the like Recommendation, and in such Manner as is herein before mentioned; which said Person or Persons shall be inverted with all the Powers, and subject to the like Removal, and liable to the like Penalties for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, as the Inspector or Inspectors, in whose Place or Places he or they shall be appointed to succeed, was inverted with, or subject or liable to.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Inspector or Inspectors so appointed as aforesaid,

shall at any Time or Times hereafter take or receive, from any Person or Persons offending against this or the said former Acts, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Thing whatsoever, to fereen from Justice, or otherwise to hinder or prevent such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid from being convicted for such Offence or Offences, and being thereof convicted upon the Oath (or, ft of the People

called

discover Persons guilty of false reeling Yarn. -

Gco3? f>f Husbands who e Wives oftendt liable to Unlitfj and Sale*

Upcn the rYrh, &c. of Infpffc-tors, others to be appointed.

Punishment o? Jnf,;cdli.T- sue^a-in;* Ofion u*f 1 fnm J ntiO.

Sefl*. 2.

448

Ti'nd to be erta-

blished fc r -fraying the Expencri of the Execution of thi« Atl»

Treasurer to Fay

the Charges of this A {} out of the Mmey to be received by him*

The Pxate nf 4^ in the Sh lar.g may be increased crreduced, &c,

How Justices to proceed on Conviction of Of. fcndcis.

C. 3. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

called Quakerst solemn Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County of Suffolk (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer), then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to commit such Inspector or Inspectors so offending to the House of Correction, or other publick Prison in the said County, for the Space of one Month.

XIX. And whereas, by several Acts of Parliament made in the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and several subsequent Acts, the Collectors of the Duties upon Sope, by the said 1 Acts granted, are directed to pay out of the Monies in their Hands, by way of Drawback, unto any Person or Persons who ft.ould employ any Quantity of Sope in the making of any Manufacture, whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials should be Wool, or in preparing the Wool for the same, ‘ the Duties upon the Sope so (pent and confuined as aforesaid; and to the End that a sufficient Fund may be raised for defraying the Expences in and about the obtaining this Act, and for paying the Salaries of ‘ the Inspectors and Clerk to be appointed under and by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and all other ncccilury Expenses attending the carrying this Act into Execution under the Direction of the said Committee,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and ever y the Collector or Collectors, Supervisor or Supervisors or other Person or Persons employed in the Collection of the Duties on Sope within the said County of Su ffolk, and who by the said Acts are thereby directed to pay such Drawback of the Duties on Sope to such Manufacturers as aforesaid, and such Collector or Collectors, Supervisor or Supeivifors, or other Person or Persons, are hereby required from Time to Time, to deduct and retain the Sum of four Pence out of every Shilling, to which any Person, being a Master Manufacturer of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, or Goods made from Worsted, residing within the County of Suffolk, shall from Time to Time hereafter be intitled, and of which he, she, or they shall demand Payment under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, as and for the Duties of and for all Sope spent, employed, and confurned in the combing of Woo!, making of Worsted Yarn, or any Kind of Goods made from Worsted, or preparing the Wool for the same, in the said County of Suffolk; and such Collector or Collectors, Supervisor or Supervisors, or other Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall severally and respectively pay, or cause to be paid unto the Treasurer of the Division of Bury Saint Edmunds, for the Time being (Demand being made thereof), all and every the Sum or Sums of Money by him or any of them so deducted, retained, had, or received, under and by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Treasurer for the Time being shall, out of the Money hereafter to be received by him in Manner aforesaid, pay the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and the Expences relative thereto, together with Interest, for all or any Part of such Expences, the Salaries of the Inspectors and Clerk herein before directed to be appointed, the Expences of all Prosecutions in Support of this and the said former Acts, and such other Charges and Expences as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the Support and Encouragement of the said Manufactory, as the said Committee, or any three of them in Committee assembled, shall, by Writing under their Hands, direct or appoint; and the said Treasurer is also hereby required not to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so to be hereafter received by him for the Purposes of this Act in Manner aforesaid, so any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Purposes whatsoever, without such Order, Direction, or Appointment in Writing under the Hands of such Committee for the Time being, or any three of them in Committee assembled; and such Treasurer shall, and he is hereby required yearly and every Year, at the Quarterly Meeting of the said Committee herein before appointed to be held on the thursday before Michaelmas* day \r\ every Year, for the future to return and transmit to such Committee, at such Quarterly Meeting, a true and perfect Account of all and every the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have come to his Hands, or been paid by him, fmee the then last yearly Account; which said Account shall be laid before the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace yearly to be held next after Michaelmas, by Adjournment, at Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County of Suffolk, for their Inspection and Allowance.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case at any Time hereafter the Monies hereinbefore directed and ordered to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, after Payment of all and every the Charges and Expences herein before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, am unt to the Sum of fifty Pounds only, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden by Adjournment at Bury Saint Edmunds as aforesaid, upon Application made to them by the said Committee, or any five of them, by Writing under their Hands, or upon Application made to them the said just res by fifteen or more Master Manufacturers of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, or Goods made from Worsted within the said County of Suffolk, by Writing under their Hands, to make Orders for increasing the aforesaid four Pence pc;* Shilling, which the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise are herein before directed to retain in their Hands, to eight Pence or eleven Pence per Shilling as they may think necessary, until such Fund shall amount to four hundred Pounds, and from Time to Time, upon like Applications, to reduce the same to thiee Pence or two Pence fer Shilling, so as the Funds in the Treasurers Hands shall not exceed four hundred Pounds, nor be reduced to less than fifty Pounds, and so as the same shall never exceed the Rate, Proportion, or Sum of eleven Pence per Shilling herein before directeo to be deducted and retained as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in Manner and Form following5 that is to say,

BE

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4. 449

T) E it remembered, that on the Day of in the Year of our Lord Form of Con-

A B is convicted before me (or us) of his Majesty's ,t*alon

Justices of the Peace for # [Reifying the Offence, and the Place where the same was

committed, and so Specifying that it was the first, second, or third Offence against this Act, as the Case shall be.]

Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals], the Day and Year aforesaid.’

Which Conviction the said Justice or Jflftices shall cause to be fairly wrote on Parchment, and returned to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept among the Records of such County.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Justices, Sef-

or upon any Conviction before him or them in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal tonjf

to the next General Quarter Sessions to be held for the Division of the said County where the Offence shall be committed, which shall not be held within fourteen Days next after the Cause of Appeal shall

arise, giving ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons discovering the Offence on which the Conviction was made; and if the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions either confirm oc difannuRthe

Orders or Proceedings of the said Justice or Justices* they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the

Party aggrieved thereby as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is

usual in Cases of Appeal from any Order of the Justices of the Peace to the Sessions, -whose Order therein

shall be final.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, That the Person or Persons appealing to such Quarter Sessions of the Persons Peace as aforesaid, shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices to prosecute such in& to give 9e-Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said Quarter Sessions, in case

such Order or Judgment be affirmed; and the Justices in the said Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised cu c* c* to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or Orders to be removable, by any Writ of Certiorari or other wise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at fina,«

minder, or el fe where.

[Proviso.]

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceedings so made or had by or before any Justice of the Peace, in relation to the Premises, shall be quashed or vacated for

want of Form only.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be com- Li nr nation of menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance Actioni.

of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be severally laid, brought, and tried in the said County of Suffolk, as the Case shall happen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions or Suits shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at General Issue. any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall became nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Treble Cosa. Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases at Law.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Pub- Publick Act» lick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. IV.

An Act for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorised by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bitstone and Antherley, with the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorised by an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley; and for consolidating their Shares; and amending the said last mentioned Act.

WHEREAS an Act: was passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Birmingham to Bilstone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal then making between the Rivers Severn end Trent; and for making Collateral Cuts up to everal Coal Mines: And whereas an Act was passed in the ninth Year of his said present Majesty's Reign, to rectify a Mistake in the said fii ft-mentioned Act, and to explain and amend ‘the fame: And whereas another Act was passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Act- vigable Canal from a Place near Rider’s Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and

7

[Preamble.]

Recital of Act 8 Geo. 3.

9 Geo. 3. and 23 Geo. 3*

450 C. 5» Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. f,

fix Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mires; and nlfo a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Pivi/b of Tam worth, in the fid County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of toe pid Town of Birmingham: And whereas the Canal and Collateral Cuts, authorised to be made by virtue of the said last* mentioned Aif, will communicate with the Canal and Collateral Curs made and completed by virtue of the Powers granted by the Did firit recited Act; and nearly the Whole of the Proprietors in the said respective undertakings are the same Persons: And whereas great Expences and Inconveniencies would be avoided, by incorporating the said two Undertakings, and uniting and consolimiting the Affairs and Concerns of the same; and Agreements have been entered into between the two Companies of Proprietors for that Purpose; but the same cannot be efreded without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas,

for the more speedily and tfl\dually completing the Canal and Cuts authorised to be made by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, it will be necessary to ruife Money by way of Loan, upon the Credit of the Tolls of the said two respective Undertakings; and it will be likewise necessary, that some of the ' 4' Clauses in the said last mentioned Act should be explained and amended, and some further Powers given, for the better carrying on, completing, and improving the said respective Undertakings:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-Thct*o Under- sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this r4rfjn$sujwcd. Ad, the £;ana] ancj (juts made and completed by virtue of the said first-mentioned Act, and the Canal and Cuts authorised to be made by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, and all and Angular the Concerns, Matters, and Things, to the said several Canals and Cuts appertaining and belonging, lb all be united, consolidated, and made, be, and considered, as one common Concern and Undertaking, and the Commissioners of each shall be Commissioners o! both; and that all and Angular the several Proprietors -possessed of Shares in the said respective Undertakings shall be united and incorporated together,!and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, and by that Name mall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a Common Seal, instead and in lieu of the respective Common Seals belonging to the said two Companies hereby united, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and to that end all and every the Proprietors or Persons possessing or being intitled to one or more Share or Shares, under or by virtue of the said first* recited Act, or under the Act passed to explain and amend the Came, shall also, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, have, hold, pellets, and be intitled to an equal Number of Shares of and in the Canals and Collateral Cuts authorised to be made by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, and vice versa, and which shall be considered as one Share, or the ftme Number of Shares, in the Company of Proprietors hereby created, and shall defeend, or may be transferred as such accordingly, whereby all and Angular the Shares in the two Undertakings dull become consolidated and veiled in one and the lame Body.

PowerVoTV^ Ik Provided always, and be it further eriaded and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Thatnonet>f AftstitliReu the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Restrictions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Act of the eigh’h Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are meant or intended, or shall be deemed, adjudged, or taken to extend to the navigable Canals or Cuts, or other Works, authorised to be made by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and that none of the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Restrictions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things contained in the said last-meneioned Ad, are meant or intended, or shall be deemed, adjudged, or taken to extend to the navigable Canal or Cuts, or to any other Works authorised to be made by the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; but that the same shall be and remain separate and distinct from each other, in like Manner as they would have done in case this Act had not been made, or the said fespective companies had not been united; any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

The Shares of the two Undertakings confofcdated, and comprehended in five hundred Shares. Power granted to borrow the 115,000l. by Mortgage, instead of the Mode prescribed by the Act of 23 Geo III. 44 Mortgages to be entered in Books. Railways from Mines to the Canal to be made over adjoining Lands. If Parties cannot agree, the Proprietors of Mines may apply to the Commissioners. Persons destroying or damaging the Works to be punished. Clause in Ad 23 Geo. III. respecting Fire Engine of Mr. IVeod) tSc. explained. Expences of this Act how to be paid. Publick Act."

CAP. V.

An Act for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Markets within the Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Marketplace; and for taking down the present Slaughter Houses within the said Town, and erecting others in a more proper Situation.

4

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6. 451

CAP. VI.

An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS there hare been and are divers Officers, Mariners, Soldiers, and Marines, who have served his present Majesty in the late Wars by Sea and Land, some of which a»e Men that used Trades, others that were Apprentices to Trades, who had not Li ved out their Times, and others who by their own Industry hive inadc themselves apt and fir for Trades; many of which, the Wars being now ended, would willingly employ themselves in those Trades which they were formerly accustomed to, or which they are apt or able to follow and make use of, for the getting their Living by their own Labour, but are or may be hindered from exercising those Trades in certain Cities and Corporations, and other Places within this Kingdom, bee a use of certain Bye-laws and Customs of those Places, and of the Statute made in the fifth Year of Queen Elixabetby prohibiting the Use of certain 5 Eli>« cip.4. 4 Trades by any Person who hath not served as an Apprentice to such Trade for the Space of seven Years:* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers, and Marines, who have been at any Time employed in the Service of his present Majesty, since the first Day of April* in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and have not since defer ted the said Service; and also the Wives and Children of such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers, and Marines, may set up and exercise such Trades as they are apt and able for, in any Town or Place within this Kingdom, without any Let, Suit, or Moledation of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by reason of the using of such Trade; nor shall such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers, or Marines, or their Wives or Children, during the Time they shall exercise such Trades, be removeable from such respective Place or Places, to his, her, or their lad legal Place of Settlement, by vir ue of any Law now in being, relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until such Person or Persons shall become actually chargeable to such Parish or Place; and if any such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine, shall be sued, impleaded, or indicted, in any Court whatsoever within this Kingdom, for using or exercising any such Trades as aforesaid, then the said Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or any Wife or Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine, making it appear to the same Court, where they# are so sued, impleaded, or indicted, that they have served his present Majesty as aforesaid, or that he, she, or they, is or are the Wife or Wives, Child or Children, of such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, who shall have so served his present Majesty, shall, upon the General Issue pleaded, be found Not Guilty, in any Plaint, Bill, Information, or indictment, exhibited against them; and such Persons who, notwithstanding this Act, shall prosecute the said Suit, by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Indictment, and shall have a Verdict pass against him, or become nonsuitj therein, or discontinue their said Suit, such Person or Persons shall pay unto such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine respectively, Double Costs of Suit, to be recovered as any other Costs at Common Law may be recovered; and all Judges and Jurors, before whom any such Suit, Information, or Indictment shall be brought, and all other Persons whatsoever, are to take Notice of this present Act, and shall conform themselves thereto; any Statute, Law, Ordinance,

Custom, or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any

two or more Justices of the Peace, for the County, Town, or Place, where any such Officer, Mariner,

Soldier, or Marine, shall set up and exercise any Trade as aforesaid, to cause such Officer, Mariner,

Soldier, or Marine, to be summoned before them in the Town or Place where such Officer, Mariner,

Soldier, nr Marine, shall set up and exercise such Trade as aforesaid, in order to make Oath of the Place of his last legal Settlement (which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered to administer), and such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine, are hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit so made before them, to the Person making the same, in order that he may produce it when required; which attested Copy shall at any Time be admitted as Evidence, as to such last legal Settlement, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

whereof Aiwll be given them, wh ch shall be admitted as Evidence at the Quarter

III. Provided always, That in case any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine, shall again be summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such attested Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine,

shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of his Examination, if required.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act and every Part thereof, shall extend to all Offices and Soldiers who have been drawn by Ballot, and have personally feived in the Militia, or any of the Fencible Regiments, from the said first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, for the Term of three Years, and have been honourably discharged.

Vox., XIV. Part IV. Nun V. Provided

Officers, Mariner*, So'dieri, and Marines, who have been cm-ploved in the King’* Senr.ce since April I, 176j, and h«ve not since defected, and also she Wives and Children of such, are authori fed to set up and exercise Trades in any Part of Great Britain; and shall not be liable to be removed from thence to their last legal Place of Settlement, until they lecome actually chargeable to the Parish j and if sued, upon pleading the General J/fue, they shall be acquitted, and be paid Double Costt of Suit.

Where any two

Justices for the County or Place where they shall so let up, shall furr.mon th;m to give Evidence atto the Place of their last legal Settlement, thry shall make Oath accordingly; an atrefled Copy Sessions j and if summoned agair, they shall net be obliged to takeafrelh Oath, but produce the former, or leave a Copy thereof. This Act extendi to Militia Men and Frncib’ts v ho have served three Years, and been honourably

45*

Privilege* of the two Universuie* fticxved*

(PxOmWe.

C. 7. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. SeiE 2»

V. Provided always, That this Act shall not in any wise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them; or extend to give Liberty to any Person to set up the Trade of a Vintner, or to fell any Wine or other Liquors, within the said Universitie®, without Licence first had and obtained from the Vice Chancellor of the same respectively.

CAP. VII.

An Act for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland concerning Manufactories; and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the two Manufactories, called The Rope and Sope Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, and, among others, by an Act passed in the Year one thousand six hundred and sixty-one, in the first Parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, Act for ere fling of Manufactories, Chapter the Fortieth; by another Act passed in the Year one thousand six hundred and sixty-nine, in the second Parliament of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, Act concerning the Excise and Customs, Chapter the Eleventh; and by another Act, passed in the Year one thousand iix hundred and eighty-one, in the third Parliament of his said Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, Act for encouraging Trade and Manufactories, Chapter the Twelfth ;*

certain Privileges and Immunities were granted, and Rules made, for encouraging and promoting Manu- failures in Scotland, and particularly Materials useful for Manufactures were allowed to be imported, for the Use of such Manufactures, free of Customs and Excise, and all other publick Burdens; and, in*

order to prevent all Questions and Debates in relation to the said Privileges and Immunities, the Lords of his Majesty's Exchequer and Privy Council in Scotland were, by certain of the said Acts, authorised to enquire and declare what Manufactories already were, or thereafter should be, duly qualified to enjoy the Benefit of the Privileges and Immunities by the said Acts bellowed: And whereas, under the tn- couragements held forth by the said Acts of Parliament, two Manufactories were erected in Glasgow,

the one, in the Year one thousand six hundred and seventy-four, for making of Soap, and the other, in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, for the making of Ropes and Cordage, the Proprietors of each of which Manufactories did obtain from the Lords of the Exchequer, or Privy Council of Scotland, an Order or Act declaring their respective Works to be duly qualified in Terms of the Statutes in that Behalf, and which Manufactories, so established and approved, have been continuedly carried on since the respective Times of their Erection, and do now, by Course of regular SuccelEons and Conveyances, belong to the following Persons; videlicet, The full-mentioned Manufactory, for making of Soap, to Sir fames Maxwell Baronet, Robert Bogle, Robert Craufurd, John Maxwell, and John Craig, by way of Copartner, known by the Appellation of The Soap Work Company of Glasgow, and transacting Business under the Firm of Robert Cranfurd and Company \ and the other Manufactory, for making of Ropes and Cordage, to James Corbet, James Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Cross, Hugh Wyllie, Thomas Dunmore, Robert Dunmore junior, James Sommerville,' Robert Craufurd, George Kippcn, Thomas Connell, James Gemmill, John Craufurd, James Scott, and William Semple, also by way of Copartner, known by the Appellation of The Rope Work Company of Glasgow, and transacting Business under the Firm of James Corbet and Company: And whereas, by the sixth Article of the Treaty of Union, settled and agreed upon in the fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, between the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, Provision is made in the Terms following; videlicet, That all Parts of the United Kingdom, for ever, from and after the Union, shall have the same Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks, and be under the same Prohibitions, Restrictions, and Regulations of Trade, and liable to the same Customs and Dunes on Import and Export; and that the Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks, Prohibitions, u Restrictions, and Regulations of Trade, and the Customs and Duties on Import and Export settled in England when the Union commences, shall, from and after the Union, take place throughout the whole United Kingdom, excepting and reserving the Duties upon Export and Import of such particular Commodities, from which any Persons, the Subjects of either Kingdom, are specially liberated* and exempted by their private Rights, which, after the Union, are to remain safe and entire to them in all Respects as before the same And whereas, upon the Commencement of the said Union* Doubts and Disputes did arise between the Officers of her Majesty's Customs and the Proprietors of the said Soap and Rope Works, who claimed the Privilege of importing Materials for their respective Manufactories, free of Duties, as a private Right, constituted by the Acts of Parliament and Acts of Exchequer and Privy Council before mentioned, and as such, saved by the Exception in favour of private Rights contained in the aforesaid sixth Article of the said Treaty of Union; to which Claim the Officers of the Revenue objected, that the Exemption from Duties, given by the Acts of Parliament,

and Exchequer and Privy Council of Scotland, was not in the Nature of a private Right, but of a publick Encouragement to Trade, and as such was determined and at an End by the Treaty of Union; in respect to which Disputes, it was agreed upon, as an interim Expedient, that the Proprietors of the aforesaid Manufactories should grant Bonds for the Duties of the Materials to be imported by them, with Condition to pay the same, in case the Parliament of Great Britain, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, should adjudge the said Materials liable to the Payment of Duties; which Agreement of taking such conditional Bonds as aforesaid was, for some Time, carried into Execution, until the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh gave orders for levying the Duties upon all such Material® 4 imported for the Use of the said Manufactories as were by Law chargeable with Duties uoon being

C* r\r\\ imported

453

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7.

imported for other Purposes; whereupon the Proprietors of the said Manufactories paid the Dtites accordingly, but under Protest, that the Right of Exemption claimed by them should not thereby be

hurt, nor themselves precluded from reclaiming such Duties as already had been., or afterwards should be paid by them; and for bringing the Right of Exemption so claimed by them to Trial, the Pro- prietors of the said Rope Work did, some Time since, cause inititute an Action in the Court of

Exchequer at Edinburgh, at the Suit of the said Ja?nes Corbet, one of the said Proprietors, and Assignee of the rest of those Proprietors, against Edward Burrow, Collector of the Custom9 at the Port of Port Glasgow, and John Clerk, then the Deputy of the said Edward Burrow, at the Member Port of Greenock, for that they had, against Right, refused to repay Duties levied by*

them on certain Materials imported for the Use of the said Rope Work; in the Course of the Pro- ceedings of which Action a Special Verdict was agreed upon and settled by the Parties, and returned by a Jury, upon which Verdict Counsel were heard by the Lord Chief Baron, and other three Barons

of the said Court, and the Judges being eaually divided in their Opinion, the Question remains hitherto undetermined; since the Time of whion Hearing, certain Propositions have been offered by the Pro- prietors of both the said Works, for accommodating the Matter in Dispute: And whereas the Claim of Exemption made by the Proprietors of the said Manufactories would, on the one Hand, if efta- blished, be very prejudicial to the publick Interest, being capable to be exercised in an unlimited Extent with respect to the Commodities which are the Subject thereof, to the great Diminution of the Revenue, and the Breach of that Equality in Trade which ought to have Place in all Parts of the United Kingdom: And whereas by means of the aforesaid Treaty of Union, and the Doubts and Disputes thereupon arising in relation to the Right of Exemption claimed as aforesaid, as well as by reason of the Proceedings consequent upon such Doubts and Disputes, the Proprietors of the said Rope and Soap Works, who, in firm Reliance of the publick Faith of the Kingdom, had laid out and employed a 4 considerable Sum of Money towards carrying on the said Works, have, on the other Hand, suffered considerable Loss and Inconveniency, the Exemption from the Payment of Duties enjoyed by them under the Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, having, by the aforesaid Means, been abridged or interrupted,

and much Expence incurred by Law Suits and otherwise: And whereas in a Case so circumstanced it is reasonable and just, that some Compensation should be made to the said Proprietors, for the private Loss they have suffered in consequence of the said Treaty of Union, a Transaction calculated for national Advantages: And whereas it is at the same Time expedient to remove all such Doubts and Disputes as aforesaid in future ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Exemption or Exemptions from the A11 E*emptToai Payment of any Custom, Subsidy, Impost, or other Duty, upon the Importation of any Goods or Com- oTdow modifies whatsoever, for the Use of any Sort of Manufacture whatsoever, which was or were granted by JjJ.e0nn the iaJ# the Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, or the Acts of the Exchequer and Privy Council of that King - partition of dom, herein generally or particularly before mentioned, or any of them, shall, in all Cases whatever, be Good*, granted deemed and taken to have been intended, not as a private Right in favour of any Person or Persons, *>ythe P»riia-Companies, or Bodies Politick whatever, but as a publick Encouragement to Trade, limitable by the '

Parliament of Scotland, and determined by the Treaty of Union concluded between these Kingdoms, and the Union. 7 for the several Reasons and causes herein before mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Conditional Bonds The conditional before mentioned, which were from Time to Time heretofore granted by the Proprietors of the said Soap Bond* before and Rope Works respectively, for the Duties of Materials imported by them for the Use of their respective mentioned, Manufactories, shall and may be cancelled and given up, free from the Payment, to his Majesty, his p^oprletortof Heirs or Successors, of the Customs and Duties for which the said Bonds were granted; and the Com- the So»p*nd missioners of his Majest/s Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of RopcWoik?, to them, are hereby authorised and required to cause cancel and deliver up the said Bonds accordingly, when be cancelled, thereto required: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are also hereby impowered Sums to be paid and required to cause to be paid, out of any of the publick Duties and Revenues under their Manage- to the Preeminent, unto the said Sir James Maxwell Baronet, Robert Bogle, Robert Craufurd% John Maxwell, and John Craig, -or the Survivors or Survivor of them, by the Firm aforesaid, for the Ute of the Proprietors J^by thereof the said Soap Work, in consideration of their Loss and Damages by reason of the Premises, the Sum termination of of two thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain, and that by two yearly the aforesaid Installments, of one thousand one hundred and twenty-five Pounds each; and also by the like two yearly Exemptions* Installments, to cause to be paid, out of the said Revenues, unto the said James Corbet, James Dunlop,

George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Cross, Hugh Wyllie, Thomas Dunmore, Robert Dun more junior, James Sommerville, Robert Craufurd, George Kippen, Thomas Connelly James Gemmill, John Crau-surd, James Scott, and William Semple, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, under the aforesaid Firm, for the Use of the Proprietors of the aforesaid Rope Work, the like Sum of two thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds of like Money, in consideration of their Loss and Damages by reason of the Premises; the first of which Payments for each Company is to be made upon the twenty-fifth Day of December, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the next Payment upon the twenty-fifth Day of December thereafter; and when the said several Sums of two thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and two thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, shall be thus completely satisfied and paid, all Claims of Exemption, and other Claims whatsoever in relation thereto, set up oy the Proprietors of the said So*p and Rope Works, or either of them, in Manner aforesaid, shall for ever cease and be extinguished.

45+

C. 8—io.

Sess. 2.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

[Preamble.]

Kecitsl of Cap. 6, of lift Seffioa*

4 Geo. 3. Cap. 24,

Certain Officers in Great Britain and Ireland allowed to send and receive Letters, Arc. to and from Great Britain and Ireland, free from the British Poll Office Duty I

Provided such Letters are errti-fied to be on htl Majest/’s Sei-tice, &c.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Poll between Great Britain and Ireland.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland, it is enacted, That, immediately from and after the Establishment of a General Post Office in Ireland by the Authority of the Parliament of that Kingdom, so much of an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for preventing Frauds and Alufes in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Po/lage, as relates to Letters and Packets passing by the Post, free from the Duty of Post age, from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, shall be repealed: And whereas certain Persons who, by virtue of their respective Offices in Great Britain and Ireland, now

send and receive Letters and Packets which relate to the Business of their respective Offices, free from the Duty of Portage, from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, will, by the said recited Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, upon the Establishment of a General Post Office in Ireland, be deprived from sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage: And whereas the publick Business makes it expedient that such Letters and Packets should pass free of Portage from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Establishment of a General Post Office in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and for certain Persons who, by virtue of their respective Offices in Great Britain and Ireland, send and receive Letters and Packets, free from the Duty of Portage, under the find reciteJ Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or under any other Act or Acts passed fmee the passing of the said Act, and for his Majesty's Postmaster General of the Kingdom of Ireland\ the Secretary of the General Post Office of Ireland, and the Surveyors of the said General Post Office, and for the Under Secretary and First Clerk for the military Department of the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lieutenant General or other Chief Governor or Governors of the said Kingdom, all for the Time being, to send and receive, by the Post, Letters and Packets from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland\ and from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain, free from the Duty of Portage, for and on account of the Post Office of Great Britain: Provided that all such Letters and Packets so sent shall relate to the Business of their respective Offices, and that there shall be certified, on the Outside of such Letters and Packets, under the Hand Writing of such Officers respectively, to be on his Majesty's Service; and that such Letters and Packets shall be sealed with the Seal of the Office or Officer fending the fame: And in case any such Officers shall receive, under Cover to them, any Letters or Packets intended for or directed to other Persons, all such Officers are hereby authorised and required to fend the same to the General Post Office in London or Dublin, in order that such Letters and Packets may be charged with the Duty of Postage; it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets by such Officers shall extend to such Letters and Packets only as relate to the Business of their respective Offices.

CAP. IX.

An Act to authorise the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland to cancel Bonds, given for the high Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned.

CAP. X.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

44 6,oooo, coo/. to be raised by Annuities, and 360,000l. by a Lottery. Contributors to the Sum of

6,000/ 0oL to be entitled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon a Fund to be established this Session, and collaterally on the Sinking Fund. Every Contributor of 1,000/ shall, upon Payment of <<0l. more, be entitled to fix Lottery Tickets. Preamble; reciting that Books have been opened at the Bank, and Deposits made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who have nude Dcpnfi:?, purkiant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required to pay the Remainder of their 46 Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for alt Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the whole of their Subscriptions, shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subscribers to the 5,coo 0:0/ entitled to certain Annuities. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, Sic. Cashier of the Bank to give Recciptsto Contributors for Money received; which shall be assignable. Caftiier to give Security, to the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay ail Monies received into, the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury imp > we red to apply the Money paid in by the Caftiier. A Book to be provided in the Accountant General’s Office, in which Contributors Names shall be entered, Ur. After Contributes shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will be entitled to(T?cd^ the Annuities

455

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. it.

granted by this Act; which shall be Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the Publick. As soon as Contributes have completed their Payments, the Sum subscribed shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit j and shall be assignable. Annuities ct charged on the Fmid to be established for Payment thereof. Governor, &c of the Bank, to appoint a Chief Cashier and Accountant General. Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the Chief Cashier, for Payment of Annuities created by this Act. Accountant General to examine Receipts and Payments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate. Books to be kept by the Accountant General, wherciiv shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced on this Act. Persons possessed of Stock may devise the same by Will, tefc. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. The 3 ter Cent. Annuities granted by this Act, shall be added to 41 the 3 per Cent Confois, tramferrable at the Bank. The 4per Cent Annuities granted by this Act, shall be added to the same Fund as the per Cents. granted by the Lottery Acts of 20, 2t, 22, and 23 44 Geo. III. The Annuities of 5 s. 6 d. per Annum for 7$ Years and six Months, to be added to the eon- folidated Long Annuities of 1, 2, 4, 20, 22, and 23 Geo. III.; but to be paid out of the Fund to be established this Session. The Bank to continue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities. 44 ?60,coo /. to be raised by a Lottery; the Prizes whereof to be paiJ out of any Supplies granted this Session. Guardians having the Disposal of Infants Money, may contribute to the Loan, Qc. Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury Managers to examine the Lottery Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Monies paid in 44 Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up, and fastened with Thread or Silk; and cut off indentwise into a Box marked with the Letter (A). 44 Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 36,000 41 Tickets are to be printed. The Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets specified. $00/ to each first-drawn Ticket of the first six Days; i,oco/. to ditto the 13th Day; 1,000l. to ditto the 16th Day; 44 2,000l. to ditto the 19th Day; 1,000l. to ditto the last drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied. Publick Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 22, 1784. Method to be observed in drawing, fc. Number of the Fortu- nate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers. Persons forging Tickets guilty of Felony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering Pe fons guilty to receive a Pardon, and $0l. Reward. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the same; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 44 io/. so paid. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Deposits with respect to the Lottery; and the Tickets for such Sums to be delivered into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, Izfc. as they shall think fit. The 360,000l. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March 1, 1785, iffc. Managers to give Notice of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, Qc. and signed,

No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution Monies, or for any Receipts, &c on Penalty of 44 20 L Persons sued in Execution of this Act, may plead the General Issue, and recover Treble Costs.*

CAP. XI.

An Act for laying additional Duties upon Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles), and for more effectually securing the Duties upon Candles.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties upon Candles herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authoriryof the same, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles), which at any Time or Times shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, or made within the same, over and above all other Customs, Subsidies, Duties of excise, or other Duties already imposed thereupon, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say;

For all Candles whatsoever (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles), which shall be so imported, one Half-penny for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rare for a greater or lesser Quantity ;. the said Duties for and upon all imported Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles), to be paid down in ready Money by the Importers thereof, before the binding the fame;

And there shall be raised, levied, collided, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles), which at any Time or Times shall be made within thej Kingdom of Great Britain^ the further Ducks herein after mentioned; that is to say i

1 For

Vjl,

[Preamble.]

From Aug. r, 1784. the following additional Duties to be paid to his Majesty; videlicet.

For *11 Cardiff in ported (except Wax and Spermaceti), one Halfpenny per Poundj

455

and for allCandles in dr in Great H Uain(rx.ept aj above, one Haif-pfftny per Pound.

New Du'ies to Ee levied and re* covered, &c, in the same Manner as the former Du*.,e«,

Powers of the of 8 ajid 9 Anrae, Ac, to oe in Force in Execution of this Act.

All Stock in Hjnd on Aug, ij 1784. to be !»-af'lc to the new Duty.

Dealers who have

"Contrafted to deliver C in ties after Aug. 1, 1^84, may add (he new Duties to the Price thereof.

Small Rush Lights, rnaJe with Kitchen Stuff for private Use, not liable to new Duties.

The new Dories on Candles im-puited to be Iu’d-jest to (he a«idi. tional 5 petC'ms. on the Pioouce thereof, io'puled-by 19 Geo. 3. Cuy z5. and 22 Geo. 3. Cup. 66* Excite Officer* impowered, after Aug. 1, 17*4* to enrer the Hou cs, &c. of Canale-makers, and to take an Account of their S'oek, determined by Day or by N.ghr.

19 Geo. 2. Cap. IX.

C. ii. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Se/T. 2.

For all Candles whatsoever (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles) which shall be so made in Great Britain, one Halfpenny for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; the said Duties for the said Candles so to be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed for and upon all Candles imported or made as aforesaid, and all Arrearages thereof shall and may, from Time to Time, be raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, as the like Duties granted by an Act of the eighth Year and by another Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Queen Anues whereby certain Duties are laid upon Candles, towards raising her said late Majesty's Supplies for the Years one thousand seven hundred and ten, and one thousand seven hundred and eleven, are by those Adb, or by any other Law or Statute thereby referred unto, or since made, to be raised, received, levied, secured, or recovered; and that the said Acts of the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or since enacted, for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the said Duties upon Candles thereby granted, or any Arrearages of the same, are and shall be by Force of this Act continued, practised, and put in Execution, for raising. receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for the Duties upon Candles by this Act granted, and making Allowances out of the same, and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectua'ly, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were particularly and at large recited in this present Act.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles) which any Tallow-chandler or other Sellers or Dealers in Candles in Great Britain, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, shall be poifdled of, or interested in, upon the said fir it Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, for Sale, there shall be yielded and paid to his said Majesty (over and above the Duties before this Time imposed thereupon) the like Rates as are by this Act to be paid for Candles to be made after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and that all the Directions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, and Clauses whatsoever, contained in the said Acts of the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, relating to the Stock of Candles, which was in the Hands of any. Chandlers, or other Sellers of, or Dealers in Candles, or of others in Trust for them, or for their Use, upon the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, or the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, respectively, shall, by Force of this Act, be exercised, practised, and put in Execution, for ascertaining, securing, charging, levying, recovering, and paying the Rates by this Act imposed upon the Stock of Candles which shall be in the Hands of any such Persons as aforesaid, upon the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and for making Allowances and Drawbacks in respect thereof.

IV. And whereas (landing Contracts may have been made before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, by Chandlers or other Dealers in Candles, for serving publick Offices,

Societies, or other Persons with Candles, to be delivered at a Time after the said first Day of Augujlont thousand seven hundred and eighty-four,' it is hereby enacted, That the Persons serving such Candles, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former Contracts, shall be allowed to add the Duties hereby charged upon such Candles to the Price thereof, and shall be intitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

V. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to charge the Duties on Candles herein before mentioned, on such small Rush Lights as shall be made by any Person or Persons, to be used in his, her, or their own Houses only, so as such small Ru(h Lights be only once dipped in, or once drawn through Grease or Kitchen Stuff, and not all through any Tallow melted or refined; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed upon Candles imported, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duties or Imposts of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, severally imposed by the Acts respectively made in the nineteenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon the Produce and Amount thereof; and that such additional Duties or Imposts of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules and Regulations, Powers, and Authorities, Ways, Means, and Methods, as the said additional Duties or Imposts are by the said Acts of the Nineteenth and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty's Reign, directed to be collected and paid.

VII. And whereas great Frauds upon the Revenue are committed by the secret making of Candles,

without paying the Duties for the same, which might, in a great Measure, be prevented, if the Officers of Excise who furvry the Makers of Candles were authorised to enter the Workhouses and other Places of such Makers of Candles, by Night as well as by Day, and to take an Account of the Candles there making, without waiting for the Presence of a Constable or Peace Officer, in like Manner as Offices are authorised to enter the Workhouses of the Makers of Glass, by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glfs% and upon Spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating fame Doubts about making lput Orders

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 457

at the Exchequer for the Monies advanced upon the Credit of the Salt Duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an Act of the loft Session of Parliament \ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers of Excise (bail at all Times, by Day or by Night, be permitted, upon his or their Request, to enter into the House, Mel ting-house, Warehouse, or other Place whatsoever, belonging to, or used by, any Person or Persons, who, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be a Maker or Makers of any Candles whatsoever, and by weighing or Tale of the Candles, or otherwise, as to such Officer shall seem most proper and convenient, to take an Account of the Candles which shall have been made by such Maker or Makers of Candles from Time to Time, in like Manner as such Officers may now do in the Day-time.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Candles shall obstruct or hinder Penalty on of.-any of the said Officers in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities given to him or them by this UrutfingOfSceit* or any other Act, for the ascertaining or securing the said Duties upon Candles, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of oneiiundfed Pounds.

IX. A/id whereas, by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George Recital of if,

the First, intituled, An Act for more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Publick Revenues \ for pre- Gco» * CV. 2

venting Frauds in the Salt Duties, and for giving Relief for Salt used in the curing of Salmon and Cocl-fish,

in the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the Insurance Companies to plead the General Issue in Actions brought against them; and fir Securing the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Insurance) \ it was enacted, That if any Chandler* or Maker of Candles for Sale, should begin to work upon, dip, or make any Course or making of Candle *,

not being Mould Candles, or, in order thereto, should make any of the Preparations therein mentioned, without first making and delivering, or causing to be made and delivered, to the Officer or Of*

ficers under whose Survey such Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale should be, such Declaration in

Writing of his, her, or their Intentions to make such Course or Making of Candles, as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas the said Exception of Mould Candles has been found inconvenient, and has afforded Opportunities for the committing of Frauds on the Revenue, by the secret making of

Mould Candles without paying the Duties for the same ;* be it further enacted, That if, from and after From Avg. r» the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, any Chandler or Maker of *7*4>evciy Candles shall begin to work upon, or make any Course or Making of Mould Candles, or, in order there- fou begin* to, shall make any of the Preparations in the said Act mentioned, without first making and delivering, or causing to be made and delivered, to the Officer or Officers under whose Survey such Chandler or Maker of Candles shall be, a Declaration in Writing of his, her. Or their Intention to make such Course or Making of Mould Candles, and of the particular Hour or Time of the Day or Night when such Course or Making is intended to be begun, and of the true Number and Size of the Moulds he, she, or they intend to fill and draw, and also of the Number of Times he, she, or they intend to fill and draw the same in each Making or Course 5 every such Chandler or Maker of Candles, on every Failure or tion to the pro-Default in all or any of the Particulars before mentioned, or having in or at such Making or Course more pfr Officer of or larger Moulds or Candles than shall be mentioned in such Declaration, or filling or drawing the said Moulds a greater Number of Times than shall be mentioned in the said Declaration, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if, after such Declaration so made as aforesaid, such Making or Course of Candles shall not be begun and proceeded upon at the Hour and Time mentioned in such Declaration, or in three Hours next after such Hour and Time, then every such Declaration shall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void.

X. And whereas, by the Statutes now in Force for ienpofing Duties upon all Candles made in Great Britain, the Commissioners of Excise, or other Persons by them respectively appointed for that Purpose,

are authorised to compound and agree with such Persons as shall make Candles, not to fell or to make any Profit thereof, but to be confirmed in their own private Houses only, at a certain Rate or Payment for every Head which, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of such Composition, shall be of the Family of such Persons respectively, as in and by the said Statutes is particularly directed and required;

And whereas great Frauds have been, and are now frequently practised by means of such Compositions,

and great Quantities of Candles have been privately disposed of and sold by such Compounders, to the manifest Injury of the Revenue and the fair Trader for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all the Powers and Authorities, to the Commissioners of Excise or other Persons by all or any of the said Acts given, to compound* and agree with any Person or Persons for the Duties on Candles by any such Persons made, or to be made, shall cease and determine; any Thing*;n any of the said Statutes, or in either of them, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who hath or have already made Composition or Agreement for the Duties on Candles by them respectively ade, or to be made, shall, on or before the tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, make true and particular Entries of all such Candles as they, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, were possessed of, on the first Day of Aagufhone Candles as (hey thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, at the Office of Excise, within the Limits of which they shall possessed respectively inhabit, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also all the Candles of which no such Entry shall be made y and within six Days after he, she, or they shall have made or ought to ^t/iod the have made, such Entry as aforesaid, shall pav down for the said Candles the several Duties chargeable unentered upon Candles, or, in Default thereof, shall forfeit and lose double the Value of the said Candles; and Candles;. that the Houses, Out-houses, and other Places belonging to such Compounders, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall and are hereby made liable to P//Jhc Dutiw^ the Survey of the Officers for the Duties on Candles, in the same Manner and under the fame

Course of Mould Candler, or make Preparations for the same, without delivering a written Declare*

such hi* Intention, shall forfeit' 501.

From Aug. r, 17S4, Commissioners of Exciff. Sec, not to compound with any Persons for making Cindies for private (Jic,

AUCoittpounder* /lull, on or before Aug. 13, 17S4, m/ikc Entries of a 11 such

458

AUComposit»ons

wiadtf, See. after Mir I, 1^4, shall be void, and the Mon-y >e-turned so the

Cjmpounden.

Penalties and Forfeiture! hr w to be recovered and applied.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer.

How to be applied.

Limitation of Attics*,

Central Issue,

Treble Costs,

[Preamble,

Recital of an of the Scottish Parliament,

A* 14^00 V*/. i»- lltutd‘

C. 12. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sell! 2

Rules, and under the same Fines and Penalties for Refusal, as Persons making Candles for Sale are liable.

XII. And whereas it may have happened that, in pursuance of the Powers by the said before recited

Statutes given, the Officers appointed by the Commissioners of Excise for that Put pole, may, alter the

first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, have made or renewed Compositions, and the Money payable for the same may have been received by such Officers: Now, to prevent all Conclusion,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Compositions as shall have been so made, renewed, or agreed to be made, after the first Day of May one thousand fi*ven hundred and eighty-four, shall be, and are hereby declared null and void; and all such Sums of Money as shall have been received by the said Officers, from the Persons so making or renewing their Compositions as aforesaid, shall, and the same are hereby directed and required to be returned to the Person and Persons respectively, who shall have paid the fame; any T hing in the said former Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in relation to the said Duties upon Candles, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster% or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the said additional Duties by this Act imposed upon Candles (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart from all other Duties; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery).

XV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be brought or commenced within three Months next after the Thing done, and shall belaid in the proper County 5 and the Defendant or Defendants may plead the General Jifue, and give this Act and the Special Matter: in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if a Verdict pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Prosecution, or Judgment be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or theaif against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XII.

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year one thousand six hundred 9 W and ninety-five, intituled, An Act for erefling a Bank in Scotland, a Joint Stock, amounting to the Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots Money was allowed to be raised by the Company thereby established for carrying on and managing a Publick Bank; and certain Persons therein mentioned were amhorised to appoint a Bock for receiving the Subscriptions of such Persons as were willing to become Adventurers in the said Joint Stock: And by the said Act it was declared, That one thousand Pounds Scots should be the Inwelt, and twenty thousand Pounds Scots the highest Sum which any Person Ih^uld be allowed to subsetibe: And by the said Act it was also declared, That all and every the Persons subscribing and paying to the said Stock as aforesaid, should be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland; under which Name they should have per- petu-d Succession, and should have a Common Seal: And by the said Act it was directed. That, within three Months after the aforesaid Subscriptions should be ended, the Persons in the said Act named, or any two of them, should appoint a certain Day, and make due Intimation of the same, that such and

so many of the Adventureis, and none other, as should each of them have subscribed for one thousand

Pounds or upwards in the said Book of the Joint Stock, might elect and chuse, by a Majority of Votes, which were to be given, one Vote for every one thousand Pounds Share of the Stock, 2 fct person of the Subscribrrs who had (ubscribrd for himself at least for eight thousand Pounds, to be Go-9 vemorof the said Bank; and another fit Person of the Subscribers, who should have subscribed for himself at least for six thousand Pounds, to be Deputy Governor of the said Bank; and also twenty- four other fit Persons, who should have fuhfmbed eich of them for himself at lea ft for three thousand Pounds in the said J >im Sro k, to be Direct >rs of the fii J Bank: And certain other Rules and Jurions were thereby p-cfcribeJ, for the better managing and ordering the Affairs of the said Bank;

and, in pu fuar.ee of the arorefiid Act, the said Bank was soon after rstablished, and has ever since

continued: And whereas by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable 1he Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to iacccafe the Capital Stock of the said Company, it was enacted, That within one

C. 12. 459

‘ scribed,

greatly

That rt

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIF.

after the parting of the said Act, or as soon after as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank should appoint a Book to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland,

for receiving Subscriptions for an additional Capital or Joint Stock, to the Extent of twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or one hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Money, and no more; in which Book every Person or Persons possessed of a Share or Shares of the Original Capital Stork of the said Bank of Scotland should be intitled to subscribe for as much of the said New or Additional Stock as he, she, or they should be podefied of, of the Old or Original Stock at the Time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more, or for a lesser Number of Shares thereof, if such Person or Persons should so think proper; And by the said Act it was further declared, That no Proprietor should hold more that*

twenty Shares of the Old Stock, or more than forty Shares of the Old and New together: And ic was also by the said Act further declared, That after the additional Capital should be completed, no Proprietor should beelcdled Governor, unless he had, upon the Orig nal and New Stock together, paid in the Sum of sixteen thousand Pounds Scots \ nor Deputy Governor, unless he hjd, upon the Original and New Stock together, paid in twelve thousand Pounds Scots \ nor Director, unless he had, upon the Original and New Stock together, paid in six thousand Pounds Sc'tsi and that from and after the said Period, no Proprietor should be intitled to give his Vo:c in the Election of a Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director, or in arJy Question in any General Meeting, who was not possessed of two thousand Pounds Scots of Old or New Stock, or Old and New Stock together, and who had not actually paid in the said two thousand Pounds; and that every Proprietor should have a Vote for each two thousand Pounds which he had actually paid in: Provided always, That no Proprietor should ever be in- titled to more than twenty Votes; And certain other Rules and Regulations were by the said Act pre-j for the better managing and ordering the Affairs of the said Bank: And whereas it would / tend to the Advancement of Commerce, and be otherways highly beneficial and expedient, the Capital Stock of the said Bank should be (till further increased, so as not to exceed in the Whole the Sum of three million six hundred thousand Pounds Scots Money, or three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within one Month after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be, the Court of Ordinary a Subreption Directors of the said Bank shall appoint a Book to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of to be opened for Scotland, for receiving Subscriptions for an additional Capital or Joint Stock, to the Extent of twelve fifing »n»ddi. hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or one hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Money, and no more; in which tlf0Dal c*1 Book every Person or Persons possessed of two or more Shares of the present Capital Stock of the said steiUng^by ia Bank of Scotland, shall be intitled to subscribe for a proportional Part of the said New or Additional present Prepri-Stock, corresponding to the Shares so possessed by such Person or Persons at the Time of his, her, or «toru their subscribing, and no more; that is to say, That each Proprietor holding two Shares of the present Capital Stock, shall be intitled to subscribe for one Share of the New Additional Stock, and no more; and so on, in Proportion.

II. And, in order that no Person, or Persons possessed of Stock in the said Bank of Scotland may be deprived of the Benefit hereby intended them ;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of every Proprietor of the present Capital Stock of the said Company, by a Writing under his, her, or their Hands, to authorise any other Person he, she, or they shall think proper, to subscribe for him, her, or them; and the Subscription of the Person so authorised shall be equally effectual as if the Proprietor who gives such Authority had subscribed with his, her, or their Hands.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Privilege and Preference of subscribing to the New or Addi- Time limitedfot tional Stock hereby given to the Proprietors of the present Capital Stock of the said Bank, shall be limited Subscription, to three Months from the Time of opening the Subscription Book above mentioned; and after the Ex-

Siration of the said Term, in case any Share or Shares of the said New or Additional Stock shall not ave been subscribed for the said Subscription Book shall be (hut, and a General Meeting of the Proprietors called, upon such Notice as a Court of Ordinary Directors shall think fit; at which Meeting the Share or Shares not subscribed for, shall be sold to the highest Bidder, provided such Bidder be a Proprietor of the present Capital Stock of the said Bank, or be authorised and impowered to purchase for a Person who is a Proprietor of the said Capital Stock, by a Writing under his, her, or their Hinds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Premium or Gain be received upon or by the said

Sale or Sales* the same shall be applied for the Benefit of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Tr, n. Scotland. Uieol the Bank.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Share or Shares of the New Stock shall not be sold at the Tf t!,eShar« *r® said General Meeting of Proprietors, then, and in that Case, the Subscription Book shall be immediately al‘d‘fjP°fed again opened; and it shall be in the Power of any Person to subscribe for such a Number of Shares as tion\o be agin he shall choose. opened.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the Majority of a General Meeting General Meeting of the said Proprietors to call for the Whole or any Part of the New or Additional Stock to be sub- of Proprietor, feribed for, in Manner above directed, at such Times and in such Proportions as they shall think proper:

Provided always, That no Subscriber shall be called upon to pay up more than his just Proportion of one hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, the Amount of the New Stock corresponding to the Number of Shares subscribed for by him; but it shall not be in the Power of any Subscriber to pay up either the Whole or any Part of the New Additional Stock, until the same shall be called for by a Majority of a General Meeting of Proprietors.

Proprietor! may subscribe by Proxy.

How Sham

subscribed for are to be dif. posed of.

Cain on Salei to

be rpf.lted to the

may call for New Stock to b| subscribed for.

46 Of

No Proprietor of NewSfock to drjw a Dividend till his CjI) if paid in.

Court of S^/Iion to ilTae Letters of Horning against Persons failing to pay in their Calls.

Qualification of Governor, &c.

Qualification of Votcis*

Rest rifl ion in the former Atti repealed.

Former Act* confirmed, except where altered by this Act.

Publick. AO.

C. r$—15. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III# Sess.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Subscriber of New Stock shall be intitled to draw any Part of a Dividend either upon his Old or New Stock, until he has paid his Proportion of any Call of Stock that has been ordered by a Majority of a General Meeting of Proprietors; and each Subscriber of New Stock failing to pay his Proportion of such Call, shall be charged with the legal Interest upon it until the same be paid, and shall have no Vote at Elections or General Meetings while the same remains unpaid.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That a Certificate under the Hand of the Accountant of the said Bank, certifying that a Call or Calls hdve not been paid by any of the Persons who have subscribed themselves to the said New Stock, or by any of the Persons for whom any other Person impowered as aforesaid has subscribed to the said Stock, shall, when produced with this Act to the Court of Session, be a sufficient Warrant to the said Court for issuing Letters of Horning against such Person or Persons for the Call or Calls unpaid by them at the Instanee or Suit of the Treasurer of the said Bank.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, after the New Additional Stock has been completely paid in, no Proprietor shall be elefled Governor, unless he be possessed of twenty-four thousand rounds Serfs; nor Deputy Governor, unless he be possessed of eighteen thousand Pounds Scots; nor Director, unless he be possessed of nine thousand Pounds Scots of the Stock of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland.

X. And be it further enacted, That after the said New Additional Stock has been completed in the Manner above directed, no Proprietor shall be intitled to give his Vote in the Election of a Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, or in any Question in any General Meeting, who is not possessed of three thousand Pounds Scots of Stock, and who has not actually paid in the said three thousand Pounds Scots; and that every Proprietor shall have a Vote for each three thousand Pounds Scots, which he has actually paid in: Provided always, that no Proprietor shall ever be intitled to more than twenty Votes.

XI. And whereas that Part of the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of Scotland which declared, That

twenty thousand Pounds Scots should be the higbeft Sum which any one Person should be allowed to c ftibferibe; and that Part of the aforesaid other Act of the fourteenth of his present Majesty, which provided, That no Proprietor should hold more than twenty Shares of the Old Stock, or more than forty Shares of the Old and New together, have been found by Experience to be productive of ru good Confe- quence, but, on the contrary, to be attended with great Inconvenience be it therefore further enacted, That those Parts of the said two before mentioned Acts be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that, in Time to come, any Person or Persons may hold, in his, her, or their Name, such a Number of Shares of Stock as he, she, or they may choose to hold or acquire: Provided always, as above mentioned. That no Proprietor shall ever be intitled to more than twenty Votes, either in the annual Election of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, or in any Question whatever that may occur or be made the Subject of Discussion at any General Meeting of Pioprhtois.

XII. And it is hereby provided and declared, That the said Act of the Parliament of Scotland in the Year sixteen hundred and ninety-five, excepting so far as the same is altered by the said other Afl of the fourteenth of his present Majesty; and also the said Afl of the fourteenth of his present Majesty, shall remain in full Force in all Points, excepting in so far as the same is altered by this Act.

XIII. And, lastly, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Afl 5 and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and others whatsoever, without spedally pleading the same*

CAP. XIII.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom,

u Preamble, reciting Acts to Geo. III. Cap. 54; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 4$; 22 Geo. III. Cap. 50; and 23 Geo. 44 III. Cap. 63 The former Commissioners appointed to examine and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom. The recited Acts to continue in Force after July 22, 1784. No Commissioner to hold a 44 Civil Office of Profit during Pleasure under his Majesty. Any three of the Commissioners to be sworn before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, £sfc. The said three Commissioners to administer the Oath to the rest. Lords of the Treasury may pay 2,ocoA to the Order of Commissioners. Executors of Accountants to attend Commissioners, and execute their Orders. This Act to continue for one Year from?.*.., .7*4."

CAP. XIV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties; and for vesting his Estates in Trustees; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Shrewsbury, and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop.

A.D. 1784. Ai*no vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C,i6. 4^1

CAP. XVI.

An Act to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from the Mediterranean Seas in unqualified Ships; and for repealing so much or an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as enacts, that no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

WHEREAS several Duties and Restrictions imposed by various Acts of Parliament upon Merchandize, are, by the Alteration of the Trade now carried on between this Kingdom and foreign % States, in some Cases become an unnecessary Burthen upon Commerce, without producing any real Advantage to the publick Revenue; and it is expedient that they should not beany longer continued :’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the Duty commonly called The Petty Cujhm, imposed by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A Sub-Jidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported, or by the Rules thereto annexed, and all other additional Duties imposed by any Act of Parliament upon the Goods of Aliens or Strangers born, over and above the Duties payable by natural-horn Subjects, except as herein after is provided, shall ccafe, determine, and be no linger paid or payable; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act mall not extend, or be construed to extend to repeal, or any wife alter the Duties due and payable by any Act of Parliament, upon Goods imported into, or exported, from, this Kingdom, in any foreign Ship or Vessel, nor to the Duties of Package and Scavage, or any Duties granted by Charter to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London.

III. And, the better to prevent the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens from being fraudu-

lently injured,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Merchant, or other, passin^ any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, inwards or outwards, shall by himself, or his known Servant, laftor, or Agent, subscribe one or more Bill or Bills of Entry, whether such Goods are on Alien or British Account, and, if required, make Oath of the same before the Officer appointed to receive the said Duties (who is authorised by the Charter granted to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to administer the same); and no Entry on Alien Account shall be permitted by the Officer of the Customs to pass, or the Goods to be delivered, unless the Signature or Mark of the City’s Collector, or his Deputy, appears on the Face of such Warrant; and if any Goods entered on British Account, which are (bona fde) Aliens Property, the Merchant or others entering the same shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Officer or Collector appointed to receive the said Dues in Behalf of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and the Damages so to be recovered shall be paief into the Chamber of London, for the Use of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Part of the Duties, commonly called The Impojl one thousand seven hundred and seventynine, and The Impojl one thousand seven hundred and eight~tivo, imposed by two Acts of Parliament made in the nineteenth and twenty-second Years of his Majesty's Rc<8n*for granting additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain, so far as the same hath been, or shall be paid or payable upon the Aliens Duty, chargeable for any Goods imported into this Kingd m in any Ship or Vessel, shall be repaid, or drawn back, upon the Exportation of such Goods, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act/ to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the Duty of One per Centum, commonly called The Mediterranean Duty, which, by an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Maysflfs Customs, was granted upon Goods exported from this Kingdom, to any Port or Place of the Mediterranean Sea, beyond the Port of Malaga, or imported from thence, to any Port of this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel which is not qualified as by the said Act is prescribed and directed, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, so much of an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act passed in the fxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America); for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Ex peaces of defending, prate fling, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in the twenty-fifth Tear

O002 of

[Preamble,

From Aug. 40, 1784, the Peny Custom Duly <'n A lie us Gt/Ods to ceaic.

To wliar t)u»*ei this A A shall act extend.

Regulations relative to the Export and Import

of Merchandize#

No Goods to be

erneicd on Bri— tifli Account wh ch are Alien# Property, on Penalty of 501*

Fmm Aug. 40, 1784, no Part of the Irrpost 1779, nor of the Import 1732, payable up. 0 Alien* E>jty, shall be drawn back oa Exportation.

From Any, 1784, the Mediterranean Duty, granted by 13 and 14 Car. 3. Cap. I*, shall ceai'e.

From At g. 10. I7S4, Parr of

C-ea 3. Cap. 15, repealed.

Die ized by

4hi C. 17, 18. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. SefE 2I

of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Ti ades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade); and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Extorts from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; as enacts, That no Part of the Rate or Duty commonly called The Old Subsidy, shall be repaid or drawn back for any Goods of the Growth, Producthn, or Manufacture of Europe or the East Indies* which shall be exported from this Kingdom, to any British Colony or Plantation in America (Winesf. White Callicoes, and Mullins, only excepted), shall be and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Borough of Dunheved otherwise Launceston, and Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall; and for vesting the Aftermowth of certain Common Lands within the Borough, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for laying additional Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards; and for explaining certain Doubts respecting the Duties imposed by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Papery Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

from Aug. 10,

9784, (he following additional Duties shall be paid for all Paper, Ptfleboard, Millboard, and Bcaleboard, made In Great Britain; videlicet, Imperial Writing Paper, js. per Ream;

<B»per Royal ditto, 28, 3d. per Ream;

Royal ditto, if. 9l. per Ream;

Medium ditto, I!. £i, per Ream 3

Demy Writing Piper, it, per Ream j

Thick Port ditto, per Ream 3

Thin Pest ditto, 7d. per Ream;

SmailPoft, dhto, 6d. per Ream 3

Roots Cap ditto, td. per Ream 3

Pott ditto, 4d. pei Ream j

Most Gracious Sovereign,

c XT 7 your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britaint in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have fieely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties upon Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, which from and after the tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be made in Great Britain, over and above all former Duties of Excise, or other Duties already imposed thereupon, by any Act of Parliament, the further Rates and Duties herein after particularly mentioned and described, and classed in the several Tables annexed to this Act; (that is to say),

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Imperial, of the Value of two Pounds eleven Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-two Inches by thirty Inches and a Quarter, three Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Super Royal, of the Value of one Pound eighteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and a Quarter by twenty-seven Inches and an Half, the Sum of two Shillings and three Pence: For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Royal, of the Value of one Pound nine Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteecn Inches and a Quarter by twenty-four Inches, one Shilling and nine Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Br itain for Writing, called Medium, of the Value of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches and an Half by twenty-two Inches and an Half, one Shilling and six Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Demy, of the Value of sixteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches and an Half by twenty Inches, one Shilling:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Thick Pofly of the Value of thirteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches and a Quarter by nineteen Inches and an Half, nine Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Thin Pofty of the Value of ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches and' a Quarter by nineteen Inches and an Half, seven Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Small Post, of the Value of seven Shillings and six Pence per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of thirteen Inches and an Half by sixteen Inches and an Half, six Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called FoohCapy of the Value of nine Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of thirteen Inches and an Half by sixteen Inches and three Quarters, six Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Potty of the Value of fix Shilling* per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches and an Half by fifteen Inches and an Half, four Pence:

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 18, 463

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Double jftlas, of the Value of fifteen Pounds per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifty-five Inches by thirty-one Inches and an Half, ten Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Demy, of the Value of twelve Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches and an Half by twenty Inches, seven Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Copy or BafiarcU of the Value of seven Shillings and six Pence per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of sixteen Inches by twenty Inches and a Quarter, four Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Fools Cap. of the Value of fix ShillingsReam, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of thirteen Inches and an Half by sixteen Inches and three Quarters, three Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper plate Printing, called Littris Fools Cap. of the Value of six Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of thirteen Inches and an Half by fevemeen Inches and an Half, three Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Pott% of the Value of four Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and.not exceeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches and an Half by fifteen Inches and an Half, two Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Grand Eagle^ or Double Elephant, of the Value of lour Pounds per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty six Inches and three Quarters by forty Inches, four Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper* plate Printing, called Co lombiery of the Value of two Pounds and ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-three Inches and an Half by thirty-four Inches and an Half, three Shillings and six Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Atlas, of the Value of three PoundsReam, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-six Inches and a Quarter by thirty-four Inches, live Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Atlas^ of the Value of two Pounds per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-six Inches and a Quarter by thirty-four Inches, two Shillings and six Pence 1

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Small Atlasy of the Value of one Pound and ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-five Inches by thirty-one Inches, two Shillings and six Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Imperial^ of the Value of one Pound and ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenry two Inches by thirty Inches and a Quarter, one Shilling and nine Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Super. Fcya/y of the Value of one Pound and five Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Di-wienfions of nineteen Inches and a Quarter by twenty-seven Inches and an Half, one Shilling and six Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Long Foyal^ of the Value of one Pound per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty.

Inches and an Half by eighteen Inches, one Shilling:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Royal> of the Value of eighteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nine-*1? a Quarter by twenty-four Inches, one Shilling:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Demy> of the Value of thirteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches by twenty-two Inches, seven Pence: #

fror every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Short Demy or Crown, of the Value of nine Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Di-jnenfions of fourteen Inches by twenty Inches and a Quarter, or of fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Large tan'> of the Value of fourteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-three Inches and an Half by twenty Inches and an Half, one Shilling:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Email lan-> of the Value of eleven Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-two Inches and a Quarter by thirteen Inches and a Quarter,^ nine Pence:

*or every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Elephant, j? Value of fifteen Shillings/w Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-pe Inches by twenty-eight Inches, nine Pence:

ror every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Bank or Bankers Bills or Notes, allowing two "ids or Notes in each Sheet, one Shilling; and so in Proportion for a greater or letter Number of Bills or Notes in each Sheet:

for every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Demy, of the Value of Pound and eighteen Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-

one

i? j ~ ci^ivccn oiiumigb per uuuuiv, cj*u ^vawwuui

"* inches by thirty-eight Inches and an Half, one Shilling and nine Pence;

by.

Double for Writing, or C. 1-per-plata Printing, ios, per Ream

Demy, for dit*o^ 7J. per Ream j

Copy, for Writing, or Copperplate Printing,

4J. per Ream f

Fools Cip, for ditt.\ 3d. per Ream;

Littm Forls Capr lor ditto, 3d. per Ream j

Pott, for ditto,-*d. per Ream f

Grand Eagle, for ditto, 4s. per Ream

Colombier, for dittj, 31. 6d. per Ream*

Atlas, for ditto, (worth 3 !,).—

5). per Ream j A?I«, for Wr t~ ing, or Coppery-plate Printing, (worth al,)—m id. per Ream; Small Atla*, for ditto, is. 6d. per Ream*

Imperial, for ditto, is. od. per Ream 5

Super Royal, for* dittr, is, 6d. per*

Ream

Long Royal for ditto, is. per Ream* j

Royal, for dittor x«. per Ream

Demy, for dittos 74, per Ream 3.

Short Demy for Writing, or Cop— per-plate Printing, $d, per Ream;

Large Fan for ditto, ti. por Reamj

Small Fan for* ditto, 9d.per Ream

Elephant, for ditto, 9d, pgr. Ream j,

Paper for Bank: Notes, &c. it*, per Ream 3

Printing Doobfo-

Demy

per

Eot

4-H C* i$; Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. ScfT.

rrintirp Rnjll,

Jt. 2<i. per Bundle}

Printin' Royal list;i or, 8vJ. per Bundlej

printing M:di-uin, i id. per Bundle;

Printing Demy Single, led. per Bundle)

Printing D'my Jnferit r, 6d, per

Bundle j

printing Double Crown, 8d. per Bundle )

Double Crown Inferior, yd, per Bundle5

Printing Singly Crown, 8d. per Bundle;

Single Crown Inferior, 5d. per Bundle)

Printing Demy Tilfue, 5d, per Bundle j

Grown TiHue jd. per Bundle

Printing Double Pott, 6d, per Bundle)

Cartridge 7<B per Beam

8qUarcCartridge, lid, per Ream; Small Cartridge, 6d.j>er Ream j

Elephant Common, 5B per Beam;

Sugar Sloe, 8d, per Ream;

Sugar Blue, Smaller Site,

66. per Ream Dii to, Dr my Siie, 5*1. per Beam j Ditto, Crown S r.(‘, 5d. per Ream j

Purple Royal 4d. per Ream;

Blue Eledhant, 6d. per Ream

Blue Royal, 8d. per Bundle)

Blue Demy Bloflum, 6d. per Bundle j Blue Crown Single, gd. per

pundle)

Royal Hand Thick, 4d, per Beath j

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Royal, of the Value of one Pound and four Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and an Half by twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, or of twenty inches by twenty-six Inches, one Shilling and two Pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Royal Inferior, of the Value of fourteen Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and an Half by twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, eight Pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Medium, of the Value of one Pound per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of eighteen Inches by twenty-three Inches, eleven Pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Demy Single* of the Value of seventeen Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches and an Half by twenty-two Inches, or of nineteen Inches and a Quarter by twenty-one Inches and a Quarter, ten Pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Demy Inferior, of the Value of ten Shillings^/* Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches and an Half by twenty-two Inches, six Pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Crown, of the Value of seventeen Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty Inches by thirty Inches, eight Pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Crown Inferior, of the Value of twelve Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty Inches by thirty Inches, seven Pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Single Crown, of the Value of thirteen Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, eight Pence: '

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Single Crcwn Inferior, of the Value of eight Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions ot fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, five Pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called DemyTiffue, of the Value of eight Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches and an Half by twenty-two Inches, five Pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing called Crown Tissue, of the Value of five Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, three Pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Pott, of the Value of nine Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches by twenty-five Inches and an Half, six Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain called Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-one Inches by twenty-six Inches, seven Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Square Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches and an Half by twenty-five Inches and an Half, eight Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and a Quarter by twenty-four Inches, six Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Elephant Common, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty*three Inches by twenty-eight Inches, five Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-one Inches and an Half by thirty-three Inches, eight Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, Smaller Size, not exceeding tbt Dimensions of eighteen Inches and three Quarters by twenty-seven Inches, six Pence:

, For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, Demy Size, not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches and an Half by twenty-two Inches, five Pence;

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, Crown Size9 not exceeding the Di-

mentions of fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, five Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Purple Royal, not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and an Half by twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, four Pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Elephant, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty three Inches by twenty-eight Inches, six Pence: f

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Royal, not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and an Half by twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, eight Pence: n.

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Demy and Blossom, not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen Inches by twenty-two Inches, six Pence;

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Crown Single, not exceeding the Dimon-fions of fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, three Pence;

For every Ream of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand Thick, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches by nineteen Inches and a Quarter, Pence;

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. lffa 46$

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches by nineteen Inches and a Quarter, four Pence:

1 For every Bundle'of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Lumber Hand, not exceeding the Din^nuons of twenty-three Inches by eighteen Inches, four Pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Double Two Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches by sixteen Inches, three Pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pounds not exceeding the Dimensions of sixteen Inches by eleven Inches, one Penny:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the Dimensions of thirty-three Inches by twenty-one Inches, six Pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Middle Handy not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-two Inches by sixteen Inches, three Pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Hand Double, not exceeding the Dimensions of thirty-two Inches by twenty Inches, four Pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Handy not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and three Quarters by sixteen Inches, two Pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pound% notexeeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches by ten Inches, and of nine Inches by seven Inches and an Half, one Penny:

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Imperial Cap. not exceeding the Di-tnenfions of twenty-nine Inches by twenty-two Inches, four Pence:

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Havon Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches by twenty Inches, three Pence: for every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Bag Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-three Inches and an Half by nineteen Inches, two Pence: - ,

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Kentish Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-one Inches by eighteen Inches, two Pence:

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Four Pounds, not exceeding the Di-mentions of twenty Inches by sixteen Inches, two Pence:

For evy, Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Copy not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty Inches by fifteen Inches, one Penny:

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Double Four Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of thirty-three Inches by twenty Inches, four Pence:

For every Bundle of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of sixteen Inches by eleven Inches, two Pence:

For every Bundle of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches by ten Inches, and of nine Inches by seven laches and an Half, one Penny:

For every hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and glazed Paper, made in Great Britain for Clothiers and Hot-preffers, one Shilling and six Pence; and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Papers, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, respectively.

Which said several Rates and Duties upnn the said several Sorts of Paper, and other the Commodities last mentioned, to be m^de in Great Britain, shall be truly paid by the Makers thereof respectively, according to the Dimensions, Denominations, and Value, in the several Tables annexed, and herein befjie severally described and expressed.

II. And whereas by the said Act, made in the twenty-fiifl Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pajlc beards, Millboards, and Sea ltd cards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof), several Rates and Duties are imposed upon the several Sorts of Paper made in Great Britain, according to the Dimensions Denominations, and Values expressed in the said Act, and the several Tables thereto annexed; and it is also enacted and declared, That the Values of such Paper made in Great Britain, as is to pay Duty ad valorem, should,

in all cases, be taken to be so much as such Paper should be worth, to be sold so foonas the same i3 4 perfectly made, fresh Time to Time at London, without respect to the Duty to be charged thereupon:

And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether such Values shall be taken to be so much as such Paper should be worth inclusive of the Duty payable for the same, or exclusive thereof ;* Now, for removing such Doubts, be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Values of such Paper made in Great Britain, expressed in the said Act, and in the several Tables thereto annexed, and also the Values of such Paper made in Great Britain as is to pay Duty ad valorem, shall, in. all cases, be taken to be so much as such Paper shall be worth, to behold so soon as the same is perfectly made, fresh Time to Time, inclusive of the Duty to be charged thereupon by the said Act, and by this Act*

Royal HanJ» 4<*. per Bud* die;

Lumber Hand, *4. per Bud*

die;

Double Two Pound, 3d. per Bundle j Single Two Pound, jd. per Bundle;

Middle Hand Double, 6d, per Bundle;

Middle Hand,

3d. per Bundle;

Small Hand Double, 4d. per Bundle;

Small Hand, id# per Bundle; Couples Pound and Half Pound, id, per Bundle; imperial Cap. 4d. per Ream;

Havon Cap. per Ream;

Bag Cap. 2d. per Ream;

Kenlish Cap. ad, per Ream;

Four Pound*,

*4* per Ream; Small Cjp, id, per Ream;

Double Four Pounds, ^d. per Ream 5

Single Two Pounds, ad, per Bundle;

Couples Po nd and Half Pound* id. p*r Bundle; Pasteboard, Mila boarJ, &c. n.

6J. per Hundred Weight.

Duties to be paid by the A lakers.

Recital of ti Geo. j. Cap. ,4,

The Duty to bt included in the Vala-s of the pJPfr expressed

therein.

L_

466

The Power* for

levying and rc-coverijjg the Duties of the recited e\& 21 Geo. 3. extendrd to th’ft Act«

Kew Dutifl to be liable to the additional Im-polli of five per Cent, on «he A* aiount thereof, imposed by the Acts 19 Geo. 3. Cap. 15.

*1 Geo. 3.

Cap. 17. and si Geo. 3. Cap. 66.

Recital of Part of si Geo. 3. Cap. 24. relative to fending Paper to be sized, &c.

Forty-eight Hours Notice to be given to the proper Officer, *c.

Additional Du* % ties upon Paper imported after Aug. 10, 1784: videlicet.

Atlas, 10s. per Ream;

Blue, 81. Brown, See. 4d. Cartridge, 8d. Demy, is, §d. Elephant, 4*. Imperial, ios. Medium, is. 6d. Pcft, is. ' Royal, 4s. Ordinary Paper, 6d.

Pafleboar I, Mil-hoard, dec. is.6d. per Hundred Weight.

Duties to be liable 10 the addi-t oral five per Ceots. imposed

C. 18. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess:

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed upon all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Seaboard, made in Great Ijj Stain, shall, from Time to Time, be raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways and Aliens', and tinder such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such Allowance —Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, as the like Duties granted by an Act of the twenty-first Year of his present M^jdly’s Reign (intituled, An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof )9 a re by that Adfc to be raided, received, levied, recovered, or secured; and that the said Act, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things, therein contained, for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying,-or accounting for the said Duties thereby granted, are and shall be by Force of this Act continued, practised, and put in Execution, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for the Duties upon Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Seaboard by this Act granted, and making Allowances out of the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in this present Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective Rates and Duties herein before granted on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in Great Britain, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duties or Imports of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, severally imposed by the Acts respectively made in the nineteenth, twenty-full and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon the Produce and Amount thereof; and that such additional Duties or Imports of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Powers, and Authorities, Ways and Means, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said additional Duties or Imports are by the said Acts of the nineteenth, twenty-fuft, and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty's Reign directed to becollected and paid.

V. And whereas in and by the said Act it is provided, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend to binder any Maker of Paper from fending such Paper from the Mill where made to any other

Mill, to be sized or finished fit for Use, provided Leave for that Purpose be first obtained in Writing

from the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, and that Notice thereof shall have been given to the Officer of Excise twenty-four Hours at the lealt, in order that such Officer may attend and take an Account thereof: And whereas the obtaining such Leave in Writing from the Commissioners of Excise is unnecessary, and twenty-four Hours Notice to the Officer of Excise is insufficient;’ now, for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend to hinder any Maker of Paper from fending such Paper from the Mill where made to any other Mill to be sized or fmifiied fit for Use, provided Notice thereof shall have been given to £he Officer of Excise forty-eight Hours at the least, in order that such Officer*may attend and take an Account thereof; and provided such Paper be removed with a proper Certificate from an Officer of Excise, expressing the Quality and Quantity; and when such Paper shall have been so removed to the Mill or Place where the same is to be sized or made fit for Use, the same shall be under the like Directions as to marking and (lamping, and all other Matters and Things, as if such Paper had been finished and sized at the Mill where made; and such Paper-maker shall, for the Breach of any of the Directions aforesaid, he subject to the like Penalties as he would have been subject to if the said Paper had not been removed.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the several Sorts of Paper herein after enumerated, which shall, from and after the said tenth Day of August one ihou-sand seven hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought into this Kingdom from foreign Parts oyer and above all Customs Subsidies, and Duties already imposed thereon, the several and respective Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say.

For every Ream of Paper called Atlas, ten Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper called Blue% eight Pence:

For every Ream of Paper called Brown, and Brown Cap. or Whited Brown, four Pence 5

For every Ream of Paper called Cartridge, eight Pence:

For every Ream of Paper called Demy, one Shilling and nine Pence:

For every Ream of Paper called Elephant, four Shillings: 1

For every Ream of Paper called Imperial, ten Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper called Medium, one Shilling and six Pence:

/ For every Ream of Paper called Post, one Shilling:

For every Ream of Paper called Royal, four Shillings:

For every Ream of ordinary Paper (not included under either of the aforegoing Heads), fi*

Pence:

For every hundred Weight avoirdupois, of Parteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard; and for every hundred Weight of glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot-preflers, one Shilling and six Pence; and in the like Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

And the said Duties shall also be subject and liable to an additional Import or Duty of five Pounds f# Centum, and five Pounds per Centum thereon, which were imposed by two several Acts of Parliament made

| jfl

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 18. 467

in the nineteenth and twenty-second Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excile in Great Britain.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties herein before granted upon the Importation of such foreign Paper, shall be under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready Money without any Discount or Deduction whatsoever, and shall not be drawn back upon the Exportation of the same Goods; and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, in the Manner and Form, and under such Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties for such Paper are respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as fully, to all'Intents and Pur-

Poses, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in any Act 01 Acts of Parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VIII. And whereas (landing Contrnfts may have been made before the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, by Makers of, or Dealers in, Paper, for serving Publick Offices, So- cieties, or other Persons, with Paper, to be delivered, in point of Time, after the said tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four / it is hereby enacted, That the Persons serving such Paper after the said tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former Contracts, shall be allowed to add the Duties hereby charged upon such Paper to the Price thereof, and shall be inti tied by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the said additional Duties by this Act imposed upon Paper, Pasteboara, Millboard, and Scaleboard (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart from other Duties; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Aid for raising a certain Sum of Money h way of Annul ties and for ejlab lifting a Lottery.

by 19 Geo. 3. Cap. 25. 1%

Geo. 3. Cap. 66*

Import Duties to be under the Direction of the Commissioneri of ike Customsf and to be paid in ready Monty* &c.

Persons serving’ Publick Offices^ &c« with Paper in virtue of Coi»-tracts preceding July 1, 1-84, may, after Aug. 10, add the new Duties to the Price thereof. Monies arising by the Dutiei to be paid into the Exchequer. Application

thereof.

TABLES mentioned and referred to by this Act.

FIRST TABLE. Denomination. Value/^rReam, and upwards. Not exceeding the Dimensions of Additional Duty per Ream.

WRITING. Imperial ' Super Royal - - Royal. Medium -. - Demy Thick Post Thin Pult m_ Small Post. f ools Cap - - Pott. _. - 1 £ ' d. 2 11 O 1 l8 O 1 9 O 1 26 Ol6 0 O 13 O O IO O 076 090 O 60 Inches. Inches. 22 by 30I «9| 27i lq£ 24 >7?. >5? 2° >9r ipr 13* Hi *3t >$£ s. d. 3 0 z 3 l 9 1 6 1 0 0 9 0 7 0 6 0 6 0 4

Ppp

SECOND

Go gl<

C. 18.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Sess,

2.

Not exceeding Additional

the Duty per

Dimensions of Ream.

Inches. Inches. i. d.

55 by 31* 10 0

is* 20 0 7

16 20| 0 4

*3f 16* 0 3

3* *7t 0 3

iz£ IS* 0 2

itj; 40 4 0

23* 34r 3 6

26! 34 5 0

26* 34 2 6

25 31 2 6

22 I 9

>9| *7* I 6

27r 18 I 0

1*7? 24 I 0

17 22 O 7

( '4 2cn

A or c O 5

CIS 20 >

23* 20r I 0

2-i 13* O 9

23 28 O 9

Additional

Duty per Bundle.

26 3*f I 9

{19* 2^7

1 or > I 2

(20 26 3

>9r *4* O 8

I.S 23 O 11

C«7* 22 1

or > 0 10

(191

>7* 22 o' 6

20 3° 0 8

20 30 0 7

s 20 0 8

15 20 0 5

>7* 22 0 5

15 20 0 3

17 *4 i. 0 6

Additional Duty per

Ream.

2! 26 0 7

24* 0 8

9* 24 0 6

28 0 5

2 I x 33 0 8

18I 27 0 6

17* 22 0 5 '

15 20 0 5

If 24| 0 4

23 28 0 0 Per Bundle.

19* Hi 0 8

17 22 0 0

IS 20 0 3 '

>oglc

SECOND TABLE.

Denomination.

Value per Ream,1 and upwards.

WrtTING or Coj*PER-PLATE PRINTING.

Bouble Atlas -

emy -

Copy, or Bastard -

Fools Cap -

Littris Fools Cap -

Pott -

Grand Eagle, or Double Elephant Colombier,

Atlas -

Ditto -

Small Atlas -

Imperial -

Super Royal -

Long Royal -

Royal -

Demy -

Short Demy, or Crowns -

Large Fan

Small Fan -

Elephant -

Paper for Bank or Bankers Bills or Notes, allowing two BillsorNotes in each Sheet, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Number of Bills or Notes in each Sheet

THIRD TABLE. Printing.

Double Demy -

Royal -

Royal Inferior -

Medium -

Demy Single -

Demy Inferior Double Crown

Double Crown Inferior -

Single Crown -

Single Crown Inferior -

Demy Tissue -

Crown Tissue -

Double Pott -

FOURTH TABLE. Ordinary and Coloured.

Cartridge -

Cartridge Square -

Cartridge -

Elephant Common -

Sugar Blue -

Sugar Blue, Smaller Size -

Sugar Blue, Demy Size -

Sugar Blue, Crown Size

Purple Royal -

Blue Elephant -

Blue Royal -

Blue Demy and Bloflom -

Blue Crown Single -

is

O

o

o

o

0

4

2

3

2

1 I I I O

o

o

o

o

0

1

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

12

7

6

6

4

o

10

o

o

IO

10

5 o

18 *3

o

o

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

14 o 1 I o

15 o

18

14

o

17

10

*7 ] 2

*3

8

8

5

9

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. igr. 469

FIFTH TABLE. Denomination. Not exceeding the Dimensions of Additional Duty per Ream.

Whited Browns, and Browns. Royal Hand Thick - Inches. Inches. 24 by igi /. d. o 4

Royal Hand - 24 l9l /VBundle. 0 4

Lumber Hand - 23 18 0 4

Double Two Pound 2± 16 0 3

Single Two Pound - -. l6 1 I J 0 1

Middle Hand Double - - It 21 0 6

Middle Hand - - - 22 l6 0 3

Small Hand Double - - 32 20 j o 4

Small Hand - 19I l6 0 2

Couples Pound and Half Pound- - - / Imperial Cap - r 12 10 7 \ and ( l 9 7s 3 20 22 0 t Per Ream. 0 4

Ha von Cap - - 24 20 o 3

Mag Cap 19 0 2

Kentish Cap - 21 18 0 2

Four Pounds - - - 20 16 0 2

Small Cap - 20 15 0 1

Double Four Pounds - - - 33 20 0 4

Single Two Pounds - 16 it P/rBundle. 0 2

Couples Pound and Half Pound - - - f12 IO 3 \ and i 0 1

Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Pressers - I 9 7 n Per Hundred Weight* i 6

CAP. XIX.

An Act to revive and continue an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited time; and for extending several Acts of Parliament relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Preamble*

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned hath by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

and is expired be it therefore enacted by the Kine’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for encouraging the Alartufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Barky when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Ttn;e)y which was to continue in Force for five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which Act was by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next p ®°n of Parliament; shall be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue and be in £orce for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

1* Geo. j. C 50, revive

and confirmed for five Vein*

Recital nf 9 Ann*, Cap. Ik

i Majesty's most necessary Occasions); which said Act hath, by another Act made in the uu u L rar his late Majesty King George the First, been made perpetual to his Majesty, his Heirs ?nd

Year of the

aucceflors for ever, but subject to Redemption by Parliament; it is by the first-mentioned Act, amongst other Things, recited. That in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Firit, of hippy Memory, Jac,».Cap.»t 3 good and wholesome Statute was made concerning Tanners, Shoemakers, Curriers, and other Artificers in Leather^wherein ample Provision was made for the true and well tanning, currying, and working of

too

47«>

Such Part of I jac. i. Cap. 2z. as is recited io 9 Ann*, Cap. II. declared to extend to every Part or Great Sri taint

Pr« mb!?. Rfcui of n tAo 3. C«p. 51,

C. 2o» Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. SefE 2,’

A Leather, and for and concerning the buying and selling of Leather, red and unwremght, in open Fairs and Markets, and for such other Matters and Things relating to Leather, as in the said Statutes are plainly and largely expressed, the due Execution whereof hath been and is of great Importance to the

(le )ublick Good and Service of this Realm, and will very much contribute to the afeerraining and CoU ection of the Duties by this Act intended to be granted; and it is thereby enacted, That all Mayors,

Bailiffs, and other Head Officers for the Time being, in the several Cities, Boroughs, and Market Towns of this Realm, and the respective Lords of Liberties, Fairs, and Markets, and the Masters and Wardens of the several Companies in the Laid Act expressed, ami all Tanners, Curriers Shoemakers and other Artificers, Und all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, wlx^ are or ought to be concerned in the Execution of the Laid Statute, or give Obedience thereunto, fli.il 1 (under such Pains,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are therein (cvcrally expressed) duly execute, observe, and comply with. 4 the same Statute, and.all the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, in relation to the tann- ing, dressing, making, buying, felling, trying, sealing, registering, or other Matters concerning Leather, other than such as have been altered by any Law or Statute fmee that Time made and now in Force:

And whereas Doubts have been made whether the before-recited Clause, and so much of the said A6fc c of King James the First as is therein mentioned and re-enacted, does extend to that Part of the United Kingdom of (Jreat Britain called Scotland, and by means whereof the Duties upon Leather in that Part of the said United Kingdom are grcately lelkned and impaired, by reason of Persons who use the Art or Mystery of Tanning of Leather, at the same Time exercising the Craft or A1 yfiery of Shoemakers, Curriers, or other Cutters of Leather, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the before-mentioned and in Part recited Act of King James the Fiift: Therefore, for the putting an End to such Drubts for the future, and for the better and more effectually securing the Duties due and payable to his Majesty upon all Hides and Skins tanned and drafted in that Part of the said United Kingdom/ be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act of the fuss Year of the Reign of King Ja??tes the Fiift, as is recited and re-enacted in the before* mentioned Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, does, and always did, extend to all and every Part of the said United Kingdom; and that no Person or Persons using or exercising the Mystery or Trade of Tanning of Leather, by himself, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall, during the Time that he shall so use the said Mystery or Trade of a Tanner, occupy, exereik, or use the Craft or Mystery of a Shoemaker, Currier, Butcher, or of any other Artificer using or exercising the Cutting or Working of Leather, upon Pain to forfeit and lose all and every such Hide and Hides, Skin and Skins, so by them, or any of them, wrought or tanned during the Time that he shall use or exercise the Mystery, Trade, or Craft of Tanning, or the just Value thereof, and the further Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and that so much of the aforesaid Act of the first Year of the Reign of King James the Fhft as is recited and re-enacted in the before-mentioned Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne% shall be confhued and taken to be, and is hereby declared to enure and extend to all and every Part of the said Uniied Kingdom of Great Britain, in as full and ample Manner, Form, and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes (except such Part thereof as has been altered by any Law or Statute since that Time made and nmv in Force), as if the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, and every Clause Matter, and Idling therein contained, was or were herein again particularly repeated and re-en ioled; and tint all Provosts, Baillies, and all other Chief Officers of Burghs, and Baillies of Royalties, and other Head Officers for the Time being in the several Cities, Burghs, and Market-towns in that Part of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, and all Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, and all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, who are or ought to be concerned in the Execution of the said Statute, or give Obedience thereunto, shall, under such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are therein (cvcrally expressed, duly execute, observe, and comply with the said Statute, and all the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, in relation to the tanning, duffing, making, buying, felling, trying, sealing, regiftet ing, or other Matters concerning Leather (other than such as h ive been altered by any Law or Statute fime that Time made and now in Force), as fully and effectually, and with the same Poweis and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Lid Pro-vtdK Baillies, and other Officers Lft before mentioned, and every of them, had been particularly named ar t) described in the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Janies the First* herein beffre recited.

CAP. XX.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters, for assaying wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, so far as relates to the said Town of Sheffield.

WHEREAS an j'!;v, intituled

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

An Aeljcr appointing In or dens an i /tyay Tlajlers for a saying wrought P ini e in toe Tams ^'Sheffield and Birminghirn; where jy the A flayer of wrought Piate, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance thereof, vvnhin the said I own ot Snff:eid, is authorised and impowered to demand and take* of and from every Person who ihuuld bring to the A flay Office belonging to the Company of Guardians incorporated by the said Act for the said Town of ShefiJd, any Piece or Parcel of wrought Place, to be flayed, ti if J, and marked, jhch Prices, Sums of Monty, or Rewards, as the Assayer shall thir.k fit, not

txet

eding the Sum of one Shil!

______ v ^______ less

Quantity of Piate allayed and marked; And whereas the said Prices. Sums of Money, or Rewards, al-

Mowed

ling for every Pound I roy, and so proportionably for every greater or

l-iir'/orl A tif^ -i/.or >U n /CI-J D_:___ C. r ___

A.D. 17^4. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2r. 471

lowed to be taken as aforesaid, are inadequate to the Trouble attending the assaying and marking of small

Pieces of Plate, and inefficient to defray the nec diary Expences of the Assay Office efhbiifned in the said

Town of Sheffield'* and it is necessary that greater. Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, should be allow-

ed to be taken forafTaying and marking small Pieces of Plate P May it therefore please your Majesty chat it

may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the A flayer o,* wrought Flare appointed or to be pri-rM a!W?d

appointed by virtue of the said Act, within the said Town of Sheffield, to a:k, demand, take, and receive, to be f?ken hr

of and from all and every Person and Persons who shall from Time to Time bring to the Allay Office this art /<r

within the said Town of Sheffield, any small Pieces of wrought Plate to be assayed, tried, and marked,

according to the Directions of the said recited Aff, such Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, as the pj*r°U&

Company of Guardians of the said Allay Office shall think fit, and shall from Time to Time, at any

of their Meetings, ascertain and order to be taken and received, so as such Prices, Sums of Money, or

Rewards, do not exceed the Rate of six Pence for the allaying, trying, and marking, any one Dozen of such small Pieces of wrought Plate, such Dozen not exceeding in Weight fix Ounces Troy; and that the

Prices, Sums of Moniy, or Rewards, allowed to be taken by the said, recited, or this present A cl, shall be*

paid and applied in and towards the Support of the said Allay Office, and towards Payment of any Debt or Debts already or hereafter to be incurred on Account thereof, and of the Expences of obtaining and'

passing this present Act, in such Manner as the said Company of Guardians shall order and direct; any

Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

4II. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enabled, That if any Working Silversmith, or Dealer in wrought Plate, or any Worker or Dealer in any other Metal plated or covered with Silver, shall Itrike, or cause to be (truck, any Letter or Letters, upon any Vessel or other Thing, made of Metal, plated or ‘covered with Silver, or upon any Metal Vessc), or other Thing, made to look like Silver, such Person or Persons so offending shall be subject to the Penalty therein mentioned 5 and Doubts have arisen whether a Manufacturer of Goods plated with Silver can or may (bike his Name upon such Goods, without incurring the said Penalty; and by rcaffin of such Doubts the Manufacturers of Goods plated with Silver have been deterred from (hiking their Names upon plated Goods, whereby a proper Distinction betwixt plated Goods of the different Manufacturers is prevented, and all Emulation in that Branch of Business is de- stroyed; to the certain and manifest Prejudice of the said Manufactory For obviating such Doubts, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Manufacturer of Goods plated Manufacturer* with Silver within the said Town of Sheffield, or within one hundred Miles thereof, to (trike, or cause to of °"odi be (truck, upon any Metal Vessel or Thing, plated or covered with Silver, his or her Surname, or, in Name/,1 tognher case of any Parmership, the Name or Firm of such Partnership, and also some Mark, Figure, or Device, with tMafk, oa to be (truck at the End of such Surname, or other Name or Firm; such Mark, Figure, or Device, not the Goods, with-being the same, or in Imitation of any Mark, made use of by any Assay Office established by Law for out incurring the allaying of wrought Plate, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for so doing; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. co*

III. Provided nevertheless, That every such Surname, or Name, or Firm, as aforesaid, shall be in plain Names to be in and legible Characters, and (truck with one Punch only; and every such Mark, Figure, or Device, shall, lcglbleCf1j!7cT before the same is made use of, be submitted to the Examination of the said Company of Guardians of the ^proved of Lid Sheffield Assay Office, and be approved of by them at some of their public Meetings, and registered in a by the Guardi. Hook, to be kept for that Purpose; for which Registry there shall be lawfully demanded and taken, from ans, and regi-any Manufacturer of plated Goods on whose Account such Registry shall be made, the Sum of two Shil- rtered at the Of-lings and six Pence, and no more. fice*

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in case any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of plated Manofa^urer# Goods within the said Town of Sheffield, or within one hundred Miles thereof, shall at any Time here- a Name o* after (trike any Name, Mark, Figure, or Device, upon his plated Goods, which shall not have been Mark rot iegi-previously registered at the said Allay Office for the said Town of Sheffield, ox which shall have been pre- losingt°o01 ber» viously registered at the said Office by any other Manufacturer of plated Goods, evey Person so offending to be fab)zO. to4 shall, for every such Offence, r.>rfeit and pay, to the said Wardens, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to Penalty.

be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture is, by the said recited Act, authorised or directed to be recovered, and to be applied as any other Money is herein-before directed to be applied.

V. And be it fui ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A<5Hhall be deemed and taken to be Publick Act< a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the Preservation and Encouragement of the Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing the Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, and all undressed or untawed British Coney Skins, and for preventing any of the said Skins from being stained or dyed; and for the Importation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom Duty free.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, are principal Articles used in Hat-

making, and such of these Articles as are of the Growth or Produce of England, far excel that of other Country in Quality; by reason whereof, and of the great Excellence to which the Hat Manu- ^ure hath been brought in this Kingdom, English flats have had great Preference, abroad, and confi-f 1 4 derate

I

472

From Aug. 10 1784, no Fcrlun shall export any British Hare Skins, Hare Wocl, or Coney Wool, or un-dreired Coney Skim,

or load any Horse or Cart, kc, therewith, in order to export the same.

Penalty on the foresaid Offoxes.

Tt^rn Au*. zr9 1784, no PeUofl h:*l) iUin cr dje any British Hare Skins or Coney Skim, on For. ftiture thereof/ with the Machines, &ct and a.fj 10 i.

Peral'iei and Forfeiture* how to be recovered and applied.

limitation of Actions*

Cexul HT«e*

C. 21. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

derable Quantities of them have been heretofore exported to foreign Markets; but of late several foreign States have estabhfbed Manufactures of this Kind, and, instead of taking from this Kingdom (as hereto- fore they have been used to do), they not only detain their own Commodities, which heretofore have been usually imported, but they also purchase and take from us our raw British Hare Skins, and British Coney Skins, and British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, which, by the present Laws of this Realm, they are at Liberty to do, on paying a trifling Duty on the Exportation thereof, whereby the Hat Manu- failure of this Kingdom (on which the Support of many Thousands of British Subjects depends) is materially injured, and the said foreign Manufactures benefited and supported: And whereas Goats Hair, or Turkey Goats Wool, is also an Article much used in the Hat Manufacture, great Quantities of it have heretofore been imported into this Kingdom, which always paid a Duty of six Pence per Found, or thereabouts, on Importation, whereas our Rivals in the Hat Manufacture permit the same to be imported into their respective Countries Duty-free, by reason whereof only very small Quantities of it have lately been imported into this Kingdom: For Remedy and Prevention of those several Evils, and to the Intent that the Hat Manufacture of this Kingdom may be preserved and encouraged, by prohibiting the Exportation of all British Hare Skins, and British Hare Wool, and Britisi) Coney Wool, and all undressed or untawed British Coney Skins, and by permitting Goats Hare, or ‘Turkey Goats Wool, to be imported into this Country Duty-free;* may it please your most Excellent Mcj.jfty that it may be enacted"; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the twentieth Day of August, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall directly or indirectly export, transpojt, ship oft’, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, shipped off, carried or conveyed, out of or from the Kingdom of Great Britain, into any foreign Realm, States, or Dominions, or into any Parts or Places whatsoever beyond the Seas, any British Hare Skins, or Parts or Pieces of any such Skins, qv British Hare Wool, or British Conry Wool, or any undressed or untawed Britisi) Coney Skins, or Parts or Pieces of any such Skins whatsoever; or shall directly or indirectly load, or cause to be loaden, upon any Horse, Cart, or other Cattle or Carriage, or load or lay on board, or cause be to be loaden or laid on board; of or in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in any Place or Ports within or belonging to this Realm, any British Hare Skins or Parts or Pieces thereof, or any British Hare Wool, or British Coney Wool, or any undressed or untawed British Coney Skins, or any Parts or Pieces of any such Skins, to the Intent or Purpose to export or transport, ship off, carry or convey the same, or cause the same to be exported, transported, shipped off, carried or conveyed out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or out of any Port or Place belonging thereto, or with Intent or Purpose that any Person or Persons whatsoever should so export, transport, ship off, carry or convey the same out of the said Kingdom, or into any foreign Parts or Places whatsoever*

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Offender and Offenders, Offence and Offences aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the respective Pains and Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) the said British Hare Skins, or any Parts or Pieces of any such Skins, and British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, and undressed or untawed British Coney Skins, or any Parts or Pieces of any such Skins so exported, transported, (hipj^ed off, or carried, conveyed, or loaden, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer and OSicers of his Majesty's Customs, and the Owner or Proprietor, Shipper or Exporter, of such Goods, shall, for each and every Offence^ forfeit five hundred Pounds; and every Master and Mariner of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, on which such Goods shall be laden, and every Person whatsoever, knowing such Offence, and willingly aiding and assisting the rein, shall, for each and every Offence, forfeit and pay forty Pounds.

III. And, inasmuch as the Provisions hereby made for the Preservation of the aforesaid Britisi) Hare Skins and British Coney Skins for the Hat Manufactory may he invaded, and in a great Measure ren- dcred ineffectual, by the itaining or dying of such Skins;* for Prevention whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the said twentieth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall directly or indirectly (lain or dye, or cause, procure, fufter, or permit, to be stained or dyed, any British Hare Skins, or Parts or Pieces of any such Skin?* or any British Coney Skins, or Parts or Pieces of any such Skins whatsoever, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, on Forfeiture thereof, together with all and every the Machines or other Utensils wherein any of the aforesaid Skins, or Parts or Pieces of Skins, shall be stained or dyed, together with all the Apparatus to them, and every of them, belonging, to be seized and prosecuted as herein before directed; and that every of the Offender and Offenders therein, and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever aiding and assisting the rein, shall forfeit and pay, for every Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein before inflicted, shall be one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other JVloiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs whb shall sue and prosecute for the fame; and shall and nuy be recovered in the same Manner, and bywthe same Rules and Regulations, as other Penalties and Forfeitures are recovered by any Act or Acts of Parliament for preventing Frauds in his Majesty's Revenue of the Customs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person for what he shall do in pursuance of this Aiff, such Action, fi ll, Plaint, Suit, or Information, shall be brought and prosecuted in the County where the Cause of Action doth arise, and not in any other County or Place; and the Person so sued shall and may file common Bail, or enter into a common Appearance, and plead the General Issue Not

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 22 - 24. 473

Guilty, and, upon Issue joined, may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence 5 and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict shall pass against him, or if upon Demurrer Judgment pass against him, the Defendant shall lecover Treble Costs, and have the like TreMeCofl# Remedy for the same as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

VI. And, for the better Encouragement of the Hac Manufactory of this Kingdom, to the Intent that After Au*.

Goats Hair, or Turkey Goats Wool, may hereafter be imported into this Country Duty-free/ be it 17*4, G ati further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Duty and Duties, of what Nature or Hair may be jm-Kind soever, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, for or P0ltcuDjiH*cc« upon any Goats Hair, or Turkey Goats Wool, imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the said twentieth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by way of Chance.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited time, an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

[Further continued to April $, 1735.]

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates and Duties and Sums of Money herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, bf and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Jjikks and Tiles made in Great Britain, payable and to be paid by the Maker or Manufacturer thereof, the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For and upon all Bricks, by whatsoever Name or Names they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, a Duty of two Shillings and fix. Pence for every Thousand, and so in Proportion lor any greater or less Quantity:

For and upon all Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Plain Tiles, a Duty of three Shil- Phin Tile*, lings for every Thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For and upon all Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, a Duty of eight Shillings for every Thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For and upon all Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten Inches square, a Duty of one Shilling and ftx Pence for every Hundred, and so in Proportion for any greateror less Quantity:

For and upon all Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Paving Tilrs% exceeding ten inches square, a Duty of three Shillings for every Hundred, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For and upon all Tiles, other than such as are herein before enumerated and described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles now are or hereafter may be called or known, a Duty of three shillings for tvery Thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

[Preamble,

From Sept, rt 1784, the following Duties shall be raised upon all Bricks and Tile* made in Great Britain to be paid by the M^ker thereof $ videlf. cer,

For all B<ick% 6d. per 1000}

3*»

pcMcoo;

Pan or Ridge

Til-*. per

100 5 J

Paving TiJ^s, fmaii, is. 6d. per 100 i

Ditto, large, 3s, per 100;

and all other Tiles, 31, pec 2000.

474

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

Brick or Tile* makeis to give Ko:ice at the next Office of their Ndme«ard riaces of Abode, &c. before they ^rgin making.

tn Forfeiture »f look

Bricks and Titea to be charged %vith the Duties whffft they aie drying, and before remoted to the Kiln. Penal'y on obstructing Officers.

Ten ?n every

Hundred to be allowed for Wide, &c.

Makers who shall

remove Biicks or Tiles to the Kiln befo'e the Officer has charged the Du ties, shall forfeit the same, and also 50 I.

rcept where the Officer shall Hewlett to take an Account thereof.

Brick and Tiles j)0t surveyed, &c, by the proper Officer, to be Jcept separate from others.

Penalty on concealing. any Bricks or THet while making, in order to de-. fraud his M«-

C. 24. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Sett 2:

III. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, raising, levying, and securing the said c Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, and preventing Frauds therein,’ be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates or Duties by this Act made payable upon Bricks and Tiles, made or manufactured in England* Ifr'dles, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenues of Excise in England for the Time being; and the Rates or Duties by this Act made payable upon Bricks and Tiles in Scotland., shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of

September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall make or manufacture any Bricks or Tiles, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, chargeable with the said Duties by this Act imposed, dial I, before he, she, or they, shall begin to make or manufacture any such Bricks or Tiles, give or leave Notice in Writing at the Office of Excile next to the Place or Places where such Bricks or Tiles are intended to be made, of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of the Sheds, Workhouses, or other Place or Places where such Bricks or Tiles are intended to be made or prepared for making; and as often as such Makers or Manufacturers of Bricks or Tiles shall change their Places of making, manufacturing, and preparing Bricks or Tiles as aforesaid, he, (he, cr they shall give or leave the like Notice of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and the Sheds* Work-houses, or other Place or Places, where he, she, or they shall respectively intend to make, mana-facture, or prepare any such Biicks or Tiles as aforesaid, before they do presume to make, manufacture, or prepare any such Bricks or Tiles, as aforesaid, in any such new or other Place or Places, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, for every Neglect or Default in not giving such Notice as aforesaid. 1

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bricks or Tiles chargeable with the said Duties by this Act granted, shall be, from Time to Time, taken an Account of, and charged with the said Duties, by the proper Officer of Excise, whilst such Bricks or Tiles shall be in the Operation of drying or hardening in the Field, Shed, or other Place or Places where the same shall be made or prepared, after being turned out of the Moulds, and before removed to the Kiln or Clamp for burning; and if any Maker or Manufacturer of Bricks or Tiles, or his, her, or their Workmen, or other Person or Persons, shall moltft, hinder, or obstruct such Officer of Excise, in taking an Account of the Number, Kind, and Qualities of such Bricks or Tiles, in that or any other Stage of the Operation of preparing, making, or finishing such Bricks or Tiles, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lpfe the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Officer and Officers of Excise shall, and they are hereby required, in charging the Duties upon Bricks and Tiles as aforesaid, to allow to the respective Makers or Manufacturers thereof, in their Returns or Reports of the several Quantities of Bricks or Tiles, made by such respective Makers or Manufacturers thereof, tenBricksor Tiles in every Hundred of such Bricks or Tiles respectively, which such Officer or Officers shall charge upon the respective Makers or Manufacturers thereof, when charged in the Field, Shed, or other Places before burnt; which said Allowance is hereby declared to be a full Compensation for all Waste, Lolles, or Damages whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall make any Bricks or Tiles chargeable with the said Duties by this Act imposed, shall remove, carry, of fend away, or cause or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any Biicks or Tiles, to the Kiln, Clamp, or other Place for burning, from or out of the Field, Shed, or other Place where they shall be fir(1 put or placed to dry or harden, after being turned out of the Mould, and before the proper Officer of Excise shall have taken an Account thereof, and charged the Duties thereupon, he, she, or they shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and that all and every the Bricks and Tiles carried away, and being found in the Possession of any Brickmaker, Tilemaker, or other Trader or Dealer therein, or any Person or Persons for the Use oC such Brickmaker or Tilemaker, or Trader of Dealer therein, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, or the Value thereof, and shall and may be recovered, to wit, one Moiety for the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Seizer or Informer.

VUE Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who are or shall be Makers of Bricks or Tiles shall be subject to the Penalty or Forfeiture above imposed for removing Bricks or Tiles* if the proper Officer of Excise ffull fail to take an Account thereof, on due Notice given him for that Purpose three Days before such Removal.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons making any Bricks or Tiles as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, keep such and so many of the said Bricks and Tiles as shall not have been surveyed and taken an Account of by the proper Officers in that Behalf, separate and apart from all other Bricks and Tiles which shall have been surveyed and taken an Account of by such Officers, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect or Default therein, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Makers or Manufacturers of Bricks or Tiles shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any Brick* or Tiles in any Part of the Operation of preparing, making, or finishing the same, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his jult Duties thereon by this Act granted, then, and in every such Case, the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and all such Bricks or Tiles as shall be found so fraudulently hid or concealed shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24. 475

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers of Excise en"

shall, at all Times, be permitted to enter into the Fields, Sheds, and other Places where any Bricks or shedsUc?where Tiles shall be preparing or making, and take an Account of the Kinds and Qualities thereof, and shall Brick* or Tile* thereof make a Report or Return to the respective Commissioners of Excise, or such Person# as they re- »re making, and spectively shall appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy (if demanded) in Writing of such take an Account Reports or Charges, under his Hand, with or for the said Maker or Manufacturer of Bricks or Tiles; thereof, &c. and such Report or Return shall be a Charge upon every such Maker or Manufacturer of Bricks or Tiles respectively; and if the said Officer shall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true Copy of his Report or Charge at the Time of taking such Account, being demanded as aforesaid, every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings to every such Maker or Manufacturer.

XII. And it is hereby firther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Mtkm, etety Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every Maker and Makers of fl* Wee^»* to Bricks or Tiles, whereon a Duty is chargeable by this Act, shall, once in every Six Weeks, make a true p^r Office" on Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excise, of all such Bricks and Tiles as have been by him, her. Oath, all Bricks or them, severally made within every such six Weeks respectively; which Entries shall contain the just tnd Tile* made and true Kinds and Quantities thereof, distinguishing the different Sorts under the several and respective by them % Denominations aforesaid 5 and if such Brickmaker or Tilemaker be not the true Owner of such Goods,

or any of them, then and in every such Case he, she, or they, in every such Entry, shall specify the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons who are the Owners thereof, or for whose Account they respectively do make the same, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect of such Entry, the Sum of fifty Pounds; which Entry shall be made upon the Oath of the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, or of his, her, or their chief Workman employed, to the bed of their Knowledge or Belief, unless he, she, or they, be a known Quaker, and in such Case the solemn Affirmation of a known Quaker to the same Effectftiall be taken instead of such Oath; and the Oaths and Affirmations to verify such Entries shall and may be administered by the proper Collector or Supervisor of the District or Division within which such Brickmaker or Tilemaker doth inhabit, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be taken for the fame. Provided always, That no Person for the making of such Entries, Oaths, or Affirmations, as But not oblige* are last mentioned, shall be obliged to go or fend further than the City or Market Town where [haBn0then«t his, or her Bricks or Tiles are made, or the next City or Market Town to the Place of making Market^owju the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person or Persons Duties to be who shall make such Bricks or Tiles respectively, as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, within fix paid every fi* Weeks after he, she, or they, shall make, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear

off all the said Duties which shall be then due or remain unpaid for all such Bricks or Tiles as shall hive been made by him, her, or them respectively, as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Default therein, double the Sum of the same Duties whereof the Payment shall be so neglected; and that no such Person or Persons, after such Default in Payment made, shall deliver or carry away, or cause to be delivered or carried away, any such Bricks or Tiles, until he, she, or they, have or hath paid and cleared off his, her, or their Duties, on Pain to forfeit double the Value of the Goods so delivered or carried away.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker or Manufacturer of Person*©bftru&f Bricks or Tiles, or his, her, or their Servants or Workmen, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, Officer*,

shall moled, obstruct, or hinder, any of the said Officers in the Execution of the Powers or Authorities

given by this Act, the Offenders therein, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. to forfeit 5*1#

Xy. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bricks and Tiles, and the Materials for Brick* and making the same, and all Tools, Implements, and Utensils used in or for making the same, in the Ti,e* imp*-Custody of any such Makers of Bricks or Tiles respectively as aforesaid, or of any Person or Persons to ®ac",te,*to&tch^ the Use of or in Trust for them, or any of them, shall be liable to, and are hereby made chargeable with, j0 am all the Debts and Duties in Arrear and owing by such Makers of Bricks and Tiles respectively, for any wu Bricks or Tiles made by him, her, or them, or in his, her, or their Fields, Sheds, or Places as aforesaid, and shall be also subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons so making such Bricks or Hies as aforesaid, for any Offence against this Act relating to the Duties on such Bricks or Tiles; and it shall and may be lawful in all such Cases to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings as may lawfully be done by this Act, in relation to such Goods and Things, in case the Debtor or Offender were the true and lawful Owner of the same.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Brick*or TPe?,

lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall have actually paid his Majesty's Duties by this Act the

payable for any Quantity of Bricks or Tiles whatsoever, and to and for any other Person or Persons who been^aid^ai shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to, any such Quantity of Bricks or Tiles from the said Person or Persons be exported/ 1 who actually paid his Majesty's Duties for the same, to export such. Bricks or Tiles to any Parts beyond

the Seas, by way of Merchandize, giving Efficient Security, before the Shipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantity of Bricks or Tiles which shall be intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every rart thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and that the same, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought ajgain into any Part or Parts of Great Britain; which Security the Customer w Collector of the respective Port for such Exportation is hereby directed and authorised to take in his Ma-Name, and to his Use.

XVII. Provided always, That if after the Shipping any such Bricks or Tiles to be exported as afore- P«n*ity*n rem raid* and the giving or tendering such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the Allowance or Draw- Ending Brick*, hack herein after mentioned, the Bricks or Tiles so shipped to be exported, or any of them, shall be *c-A»pp«<ifcr

4?6

Sell 2,

Persons exporting Bricks and Tiles, thd making Oarh that the Duties h*ve been pa d, &c. shall *cceive a Certificate from the Collector

which shall be delivered to fho Customet of the Port of Exportation;

who shall there* upon give to the Exporter Debenture, which will intitle him to a Drawback.

Persons serving Brides cr Tiles, after Sept, I, 1784, in pur-iuance of Con-tr.acts previous to Jane 1, may add the Dutiei to the Price thereof. The Power* tflablished by Act J2 Car. 2# cap.' for raising and recovering the Du ies thereby granted, extended to thi»

*a.

Petwfries and Forfeitures b w to be recovered and applied.

Prom Sept, f, 1784, the following additional Duties to be paid cn the importation of

Bricks and Tiltfj 1la chut.

Bricks, as. 6d. per i,coo; -

Plain’Tiles, 31. per s, CGOj

Pen Tiler-, 8% per t oco j Paving Tile?, small, U. bd. per 100 j Ditto, large, J*. per tcOj and all other

T»irs, 3s. per

3, OCP.

C. 24. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIIa

relanded in any Part of Great Britain; that then, and in cverv such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use, all the Brides and Tiles which shall be landed, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enabled, That any Person or Persons who shall export any Bricks or Tiles to any Pans beyond the Seas, shall or may make Proof Upon Oath (or upon Affirmation, being Quakers), that the Duty on such Bricks or Tiles hath been paid or secured according to this Act (whica Oath or Affirmation the Collector who received the said Duty is hereby required and impowered to administer); and thereupon the said Collector for the said Du:y upon Bricks and Tiles shall give to such Person or Persons, gratis, a Certificate or Certificates, expressing the Kinds and Quantities of such Bricks or Tiles, and the Duties paid or secured to be paid for the same, pursuant to this Act; which Certificate being produced to the Customer or Collector of the Port where the said Bricks or Tiles shall be ex-y ported, and Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid being also made by the Exporter before the said Customer or Collector of the Port (who is hereby also authorised and required to administer the same without Fee or Charge), that the Bricks or Tiles so exported are the same mentioned in the said Certificate; then the said Customer or Collector of the Port where such Bricks or Tilts shall be pxported, shall give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture, expressing the true Quantity of the Bricks and Tiles so expoited; which Debenture being produced to the Collector appointed to receive the said Duties on Bricks and Tiles in such County or Place where the said Bricks or Tiles were exported, he shall forthwith pay the said Duty which shall have been received upon this Act to the Persons so exporting the same, or their Agents; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the same, then the said respective Commissioners of Excise are hereby required to pay the said Debenture out of the Duties upon Bricks and Tiles arising by this Act; or if the Duty on such Bricks or TiJes so exported were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged upon the Securities for the same.

XIX. And whereas (landing Contracts may have been made before the First Day of June, One thou-

(and seven hundred and eighty-four, by Makers or Manufacturers of Bricks or Tiles, for serving other Persons with Bricks or Tiles to be delivered in Point of Time alter the said First Day of September, Ooe tholifand seven hundred and eighty-four,9 it is hereby cna£kd, That the Persons serving such Bricks or Tiles after the said First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and eighiy-four, in pursuance of such former Contracts, shall be allowed to add the Duties hereby charged upon such Bricks or Tiles to the Price thereof, and shall be intitled, by virtue of this Act, to be paid for the same accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions* Rules, Penalties* Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in Force, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, railing, levying, colliding, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them* (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made or prescribed by this Act)f shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitt-gating, recovering, and paying the said Duties hereby granted upon Bricks and Tiles, as fully and effectually, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters* and Things, were particularly repeated in this present Act-

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in relation to the said Duties by this Act imposed upon Bricks and Tiles made or manufactured in Great Britain, as aforesaid, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalry or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland» respectively, as aforesaid j and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture (not otherwise appointed by this Act) shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, roIle£fed, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the several Goods herein-ofter mentioiud, which shall, from and after the said First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought into this Kingdom from foreign Parts, over and above all Culioms, Sutfidies, and Duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective Duties fol? lowing, that is to say,

For and upon all Bricks, by whatever Name they now are, or hereafter may be known, the Sum of

Two Shillings and l\\ Pence for every Thousand:

For and uon all Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Plain Tiles, (except Gaily Tiles) the Sum of Three Shillings for every Thousand:

For and upon all Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, the Sum of Ei^ht Shillings for every Thousand:

For and upon all Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding Ten Inches fqu ire, the Smn of One Shilling and six Pence for every Hundred, containing Five Score:

For and upon all Toes, commonly called or known by the Name of Paving Tiles, above Ten Inches square, the Sum of Three Shillings for every like Hundred:

And for an upon ail Idles, other than such as are herein-before enumerated and described, by what-focVei Name or Names such Tiles now are, or hereafter may be called or known (except Gaily Tiles),

GOOJ

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 477

the Sum of Three Shillings for every Thousand, and in those Proportions for any greater or less Quantity.

1 -

And the said Duties shall be also subject and liable to an additional Import nr Duty of Five Pounds per Divic«foWli>Hc Centum, and Five Pounds per Centum thereon, which were irrposed by Two several Acts of Parliament to made.in the Nineteenth and Twenty-fecund Years of his Mq-flv’s Reign, for gran:i%ig to his Majesty p,^"yn)9o>o. additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the rejp.dive Commissioners 3. CjP. *5* »p\ of Customs and Excise in Great Britain. ° iz Geo. j. c.ejS.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties herein-before importation

granted upon the Importation of such foreign Bricks and Tiles, shall be under the Management and Di- Dories 10 be jedtion of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be of*he

paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Deduction whvsoever, and shall be drawn back

upon the Exportation of the same Goods; and the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be raised, levied, col- of Custoros; ledied, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the same Manner and Form, and under such Redactions, Pe-

and to be reco-

nalties and Forfeitures, ;md by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties and Drawbacks vexed, &ct in the for such Goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, Recovered, piid, and allowed (except where ft me Manner a# any Alteration is made by this Act), as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, ^former Du. Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto, were c' particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by and in re- Duties to be

spedl of the Rates and Duties hereby granted and imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and account- Pa,d hn® the ing for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Ex- xc *<JU*r’ chequer at Westminster% separate and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenue; and the said Application Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the crcot*

several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at pj^ the Geni? any Time or Times be sued, molest°d, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed X!ai(rucf

in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Blue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs 4

shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* MdhmTrebl*

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies.

the East Indies.

[Preamble,

€ XT the better Government and Security of the Territorial Possessions of this Kingdom in the

X1 East Indies/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and.by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and His Majesty Jen.’ ouccessors, by any Commission to be issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate and P0*CI^d £ ap-ppoint such Persons, not exceeding Six in Number, as his Majesty shall think fit, being of his Ma- councinorl^be ®.m°d honourable Privy Council, of whom one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for Commissioner* the Time being, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Time being, shall be two, to be, and who for the Affair* of shall accordingly be Commissioners for the Affairs of India. India:

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Number, not less than Three of three of whom the said Commissioners, shall form a Board for executing the several Powers which, by this or any JaI1 form* other Act, shall be vested in the Commissioners aforesaid. oar '

III. And be it further enacted, That she said Secretary of State, and, in his Absence, the said Chan- who shall be’-cellor qI the Exchequer, rind, in the Absence of both of them, the Senior of the said other Commis- ^resident* f pinners, according ro his Rank in Seniority of Appointment, shall preside ar, and be President of the said Doard; and that the said Commissioners shall have, and they are hereby inverted with the Superintend- Powers of th* and Controul over all the British Territorial Possessions in the East Indies, and over the Affairs of Cofnmitficneri. ^United Company of Merchants trading thereto, in Manner herein after directed. / k

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Members present at the said Board shall at any Time Prudent to \u*e p equally divided in Opinion, in respect to any Matter depending before them, then, and in every such tbocatfi/i* Voi the then President of the said Board shall have two Voices, or the carting Vote.^

rr n<^ further enabled. That it shall and may be lawful for the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Hi*

ouccdiors^ from Time to Time, at his and their Will and Pleasure, to revoke and determine the Com- ^yokcthe Com. Pinion aforesaid, and from Time to Time to cause any new Commission or Commissions to be feaied 't PJe?«

aforesaid, for appointing any other Person or Persons, being of his Majesty's most honourable Privy newCqn^mS;, ^ouncil, of whom, one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, ^nd the Chancellor of the Ex- ffonen. h^quer for the Time being, shall always be two, to be Commissioners and Members of the said Board,

47®

Government and

JUvenues of the British Territorial Possessions in India, subject to the Controul of the Board, Secretaries, BcC. to attend the Board, how to be appointed and paid.

Members of the Board to be /worn#

?be Oath,

Secretaries, &c. Ad be sworn.

S Annie, Cap. 7.

Welther the Commissioneri, nor their Chief Secretary, disqualified front being elected Members of Parliament*

Members of the Board to have* Access to, and to |>e furnished with Copies of, any Paper (belonging to the India Company. Court of Directors to deliver to the Board Copies <rf all Minutes, &c. of Courts of Proprietors, or Directorif as relate to the Government or Revenues of the Territorial Pof-sessions, Bec. end shall obey all Orders received from the Copies of Letters, &c. to be returned to the Di-jefton within 94 Days* Ac.

C. 25. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii i III. Sess. 2.

when and so often as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall think fit, so that the Number of Commissioners therein to be named shall in no wife exceed the aforesaid number of Six.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Board shall be fully authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to superintend, direct, and controul, all Acts, Operations, and Concerns, which in any wise relate to the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the British Territorial Possessions in the East Indies, in the Manner herein after directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Secretary of State for the Time being shall nominate and appoint such Secretaries, Clerks, and other Officers, as shall be necessary to attend upon the said Board, who shall be subject to Di(million at the Pleasure of the said Board; and that all Proceedings whatsoever tol^e had by or before the said Board shall be entered in proper Books; and that the said Secretaries, Clerks, and other Officers, shall be paid such Salaries as His Majesty shall, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, direct.

VIII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That the Members of the said Board, before they shall proceed to ad in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to them given by this Act (save. only the Power of administering the Oath after mentioned}, shall severally take and subscribe the follow- ing Oath; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do faithfully promise and swear, That, as a Commissioner or Member of the Board for the~ 4 A Affairs of India, I will give my best Advice and Assistance for the good Government of the British,h 4 Possessions in the East Indies; and will execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me, according, to the best of my Skill and Judgement, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person whatsoever.>

Which said Oath any Two of the Members of the said Board shall, and are hereby impowered to administer; and the said Oath shall be entered by the said Secretary amongst the Acts of the Board, and be duly subscribed and attested by the Members thereof, at the Time of their taking and administering the Tame to each other respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Secretaries, Clerks, and other Officers of the said Board, shall also take and subscribe, before the said Board, such Oath of Secrecy and Office as the said Board shall direct.

X. And, for avoiding any Doubt which may arise, whether the Office or Place of a Commissioner of the said Board for the Affairs of India, or of a Secretary to the said Board, be within any of the Provi-4 (ions contained in an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Att for the Security of her Majestys Person and Government, and of the Successton of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line; or whether the Appointment of any such Commissioner or Secretary, being pa Member or Mem- bers of the House of Commons, shall vacate his or their Seat or Seats in that House be it further enacted and declared, That the said respective Offices, Places, or Appointments of a Commissioner, or of the Chief Secretary of the said Board for the Affairs of India, to be made under the Authority of this Act, shall not be deemed or taken to be within the Intent or Purview of the said Act of the sixth Year of Queen Anne9 whereby to disqualify any such Commissioner or Chief Secretary from being elected, or fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons; nor shall the Appointment of any such Commissioner or Chief Secretary, if a Member or Members of the said House, vacate his or their Seat or Seats in the said House; any Thing contained in the said Act of the sixth Year of Queen Anne, or in any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And, to the Intent that the said Board may be duly informed of all Transactions of the said Company, in respect to the Management of their Concerns in the East Indies \ be it further enacted,

, That all the Members of the said Board shall, at all convenient Times, have Access to all Papers and Muniments of the said United Company, and shall be furnished with such Extrads or Copies thereof, as they shall from Time to Time require; and that the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall, and they are hereby required and directed, to deliver to the said Board, Copies of all Minutes, Orders, Resolutions, and other Proceedings, of all General and Special Courts of Proprietors of the said Company, and of the said Court of Directors, so far as relate to the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the British Territorial Possessions in the East Indies^ within eight Days after the holding of such respective Courts; and also Copies of all Dispatches which the said Directors, or any Committee of the said Directors, shall receive from any of their Servants in the East Indies, immediately after the Ai^ rival thereof; and also Copies of all Letters, Orders,'and Instructions whatsoever, relating to the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the British Territorial Possessions in the East Indies, proposed to be sent or dispatched, by the said Court of Directors, or any Committee of the said Directors, to any of the Servants of the said Company in the East Indies; and that the said Court of Directors of the said United Company shall, and they are hereby required to pay due Obedience to, and shall be governed and bound by, such Orders and Directions as they shall from Time to Time receive from the said Boards, touching the Civil or Military Government and Revenues of the British Territorial Possessions in the East Indies.

Board relative thereto.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, within fourteen days after the Receipt of such Copies lair-mentioned, the said Board shall return the same to the said Court of Directors, with their Approbation thereof, subscribed by three of the Members of the said Board, or their Reasons at large for disapprovine the same, together with Instructions from the said Board to the said Court of Directors in respect thereto; and that the said Court of Directors shall thereupon dispatch and fend the Letters, Orders, and Instructions so approved or amended, to their Servants in without further Delay, unless, on any

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 479

Clause relative' to fending Dif-patchca to Indife

Representation made by the said Directors to the said Board, the said Board shall direct any Alterations to be made in such Letters, Orders, or Instructions; and no Letters, Orders, or Instructions, until after such previous Communication thereof to the said Board, shall at any Time be sent or dispatched by the said Court of Directors to the East Indies, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever,

XIII. And, for the readier Dispatch of the Civil and Military Concerns of the said United Company,’ be it further enacted, That whenever the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall neglect to transmit to the said Board their intended Dispatches on any Subject, within fourteen Days after Requisition made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Board to prepare and send to the Directors of the East India Company (without waiting for the Receipt of the Copies of Dispatches intended to be-sent determined by the said Court of Directors as aforesaid) any Orders or Instructions to any of the Governments or Presidencies aforesaid, concerning the Civil or Military Government of the British Territories and Possessions in the East Indies; and the said Directors shall, and they are hereby required to transmit Dispatches in the usual Form (pursuant to the Tenor of the said Orders and Instructions so transmitted to them) to the respective Governments and Presidencies in India, unless, on any Representation made by the said Directors to the said Board, touching such Orders or Instructions, the said Board shall drreft any Alteration to be made in the fame; which Directions the said Court of Directors shall in such Case be bound to conform to.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Board shall fend any Orders or Instructions to the said Court of Directors, to be by them transmitted to India, which, in the Opinion of the said Court of Directors, shall relate to Points not connected with the Civil or Military Government and Revenues of the said Territories and Possessions in India, then, and in any such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Directors to apply, by Petition, to his Majesty in Council, touching such Orders and Inflections; and his Majesty in Council shall decide whether the same be, or be not, connected with the CiviLor Military Government and Revenues of the said Territories and Possessions in Indiawhich De-cifion shall be final and conclusive.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if the said Board shall be of Opinion that the subject Matter of any of their Deliberations, concerning the levying of War or making of Peace, or treating or negociating with any of the Native Princes or States in India, shall require Secrecy, it shall and may be lawful for the said Board to fend secret Orders and Instructions to the Secret Committee of the said Court of Directors for the Time being, who shall thereupon, without disclosing the same, transmit their Orders and Dispatches in the usual Form, according to the Tenor of the said Orders and Instructions of the said Board, to the respective Governments and Presidencies in India; and that the said Governments and Presidencies shall pay a faithful Obedience to such Orders and Dispatches, and shall return their Answers to the same, sealed (underCover) with their respective Seals, to the said Secret Committee, who shall forthwith communicate such Answers to the said Board.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to appoint a Secret Committee, to consist of any Number of the said Directors for the Time being, not exceeding three; which Secret Committee shall, from Time to Time, upon the Receipt of any such secret Orders and Instructions concerning the levying of War or making of Peace, or treating or negociating with any of the Native Princes or States of India, from the said Commissioners for the Affairs of India, as are herein-before mentioned, transmit to the respective Governments and Presidencies in India a Duplicate or Duplicates of such Orders and Instructions, together with Orders in Writing, signed by them the Members of the said Secret Committee, to carry the same into Execution; and to all such Orders and Instructions, so transmitted, the several Governments and Presidencies __________

in |India are hereby required to pay the same Obedience as if such Orders and Directions had been issued °rder> sent them and transmitted by the Court of Directors of the said United Company. from the

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to give unto the said Board the Power of nominating or appointing any of the Servants of the said United Company j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Office of any one of the Counsellors of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal (other than the Commander in Chief) shall become vacant by,.

I^cath, Removal, or Resignation, the Vacancy so happening shall not be supplied by the said Court of at FortWii-

Directors, but the said Supreme Government shall from thenceforward consist of a Governor General liam shall not bc and three Supreme Counsellors only; and that the Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in Cou^rofDircc India for the Time being, shall have Voice and Precedence in Council next after the said Governor Ge- tors.

floral; any Thing in any former Act of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding. f

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Government of the several Presidencies and Settlements of Ckufe relative-Fort Saint George and Bombay shall, after the Commencement of this Act, consist of a Governor Or *° the Govern-ftefident, and three Counsellors only, of whom the Commander in Chief in the said several Settlements ")ent°f FortSt*1 w the Time being shall be one, having the like Precedence in Council as in the Presidency of Fort William

and

in Bengal, unless the Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in India shall happen to be preterit in either of the said Settlements; and in such Case the said Commander in Chief shall be one of the said Counsellors, instead of the Commander in Chief of such Settlement; and that the said Commander in Chief of such Settlement shall during such Time havconly-a Scat* but no Voice in the said ‘

Council.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall. Court of Direct "whin the Space of one Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act,' nominate and appoint, from ,or to appoint® amongst the Servants of the said Company in India> or any other Persons, a fit and proper Person to be

Court of Directors, on receive ing Orders frota the Board not conn^ded with the Gcvetnmeot at\d Revenues of the Territorial PoflfciTions, may appeal to his Majesty in Council. Matters requiring Secrecy may bc sent by the Board to the Secret Committee, who (hill tianf-mit their Orders to India agreeable thereto.

Directors to appoint a Secret Committee j

who are to trans- -mit to the Governments in India Duplicate! -of such secret Orders sent the? from the Board, &c.

The Board hot to appoint any Servants of the Company.

The first Vacancy of a Counsel.

480

two Counsellori of Fort St. George,

and a Governor, Ac, of Bombay,

Governor Gena al, Sec. ro luxe the calling Vote.

Ills Majesty, by

Wr ting under his Sign Manual, or the Directors, by Writing umirr their Hands, may jrccal an* Governor General, or othrr Officer, frotn India,

How Vacincies of Offices in India shall he supplied*

Commander* In

Chief not tofuc-ccf:d totne Office ct Governor General or President at Fort* William, giC unless fpt-cially appointed by the Dirtdlors.

If Directois ne-

g cdl to supply Vacancies; his Majesty may do

fa

Dire^ors mi? apcoi.'it t*en»«»al S >rs to the Oihers ot Governor General, or Piehdeot, Stc, pi Fort St. George, Qi £cfll» bay.

C. 25. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess.

the Governor of the said Presidency or Settlement of Fort Saint George, and two other fit and proper Persons from amongst the said Servants in India, who, together with the Commander in Chief at Fort Saint George for the Time being, shall be the Council of the same Presidency or Settlement and that the said Court of Directors shall also, in like Manner, and within the Time aforesaid, nominate and appoint fit and proper Persons to be the Governor and Council of the said Presidency or Settlement of Bombay, under the same Restrictions as are herein-before provided in respect to the Governor or President and Council of Fort Saint George.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Members present at any of the Boards or Councils of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, shall at any Time be equally divided in Opinion in respect to any Matter depending before them, then, and in every such Cale, the said Governor General or the Governor or President, as the Case may be, shall have two Voices, or the calling Vote.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by any Writing or Instrument under his or their Sign Manual, countersigned by the said Secretary of State, or for the Court of Diieblors of the said United Company for the Time being, by Writing under their Hands, to remove or recal the present or any future Governor General of Fort William at Bengal, or any of the Members of the Council of Fort William aforesaid, or any of the Governors or Presidents, and Members of the Councils, of the Presidencies or Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or of any other British Settlements in India, or any other Person or Persons holding any Office, Employment, or Commission, Civil or Military, under the said United Company ia India, for the Time being; and to vacate and make void all and every or any Appointment or Appointments of any Person or Persons to any of the Offices or Places aforesaid; and that all and every the Powers and Authorities of the respective Persons so removed or recalled, or whole Appointment shall be so vacated, shall cease or determine at or from such respective Time or Times as in the said Writing or Writings shall be expressed and directed: Provided always, That a Duplicate or Copy of every such Writing or Instrument, under his Majesty's Sign Manual, attested by the said Secretary of State for the Time being, shall, within eight Days after the same shall be signed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, be transmitted or delivered, by the said Secretary of State, unto the Chairman or Deputy Chairman for the Time being of the said United Company, to the Intent that the Court of Directors of the said Company may be apprized thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Vacancy or Vacancies of the Office of Governor General or President, or of any Member of the Council, shall happen in any of the Presidencies aforesaid, either by Death, Resignation, or Recal, as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Court of Di-reflors of the said United Company shall proceed to nominate and appoint a fit Person or Persons to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies from amongst their covenacted Servants in India, except to the Office of Governor General, or the Office of Governor or President of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or of any Commander in Chief, to which several Offices the said Court of Directiors shall be at Liberty, if they shall think fit, to nominate and appoint any other Person or Persons respectively.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commanders ia Chief, at each of the said Presidencies icfpeflively, shall in no Case succeed to the Office of Governor General or President of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or of Bombay, unless thereunto Specially appointed by the Court of Directors of the said United Company 5 but that in case of the Vacancy of the said Offices of Governor General or PrtfiJent respectively, when no Person shall be specially appointed to fucoced thereunto, the Counsellor next in Rank to such Commander in Chief shall succeed to such Office, and hold the lame, until fume other Person shall be appointed thereunto by the said Court of Directors.

SiV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Court of Directors not, within the Space of two Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day whereon the Notification of the Vacancy shall have been received by the said Court of Directors, proceed to supply the same, then and in any such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to constiture and appoint, by Writing under his or their Royal Sign Manual (under the same Refactions and Regulations as are herein-before provided, with respect to the Nominations and Appointments made by the said Court of Directors), such Pei foil or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think proper to succeed to and supply the lefpeitive Office or Pijc<% Offices or Plates, so vaeanr, or from which any Person or Persons shall be so recalled or removed, or whose Appointment or Appointments shall have been vacated and made void as aforesaid; and that every Person or Persons, so constituted and appointed, shall have and be inveited with the same Powers, Pii-vilegss, and Authorities, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed by the said Court of Direc-io-s ami shall be subject to Recal only by the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and m3y be lawful to 3rd for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, if they shall so think fit, subject to the like Limitations and Rtftriblions as are hereio-before enacted, respecting the Persons qualified to be appointed Members of the Government of the respective Settlements of the said United Company at Fort Wi liam, Foit Saint George, and Bombay, Co appoint, from Time to Time, fit and proper Persons to furccev), in case ot Vacancy, to the several Offices of Governor General or President of Fort Saint George

or Bombay, or Commander in Chief of the said Company's Forces at any of the said Settlements, or Member of any of the said Councils; and such Appointments respectively at their Pleasure again to revoke; bu; iImc no Person so appointed to succeed to any of the said Offices, in case of Vacancy, shall be entitled to any Salary, ATaiuage, or Allowance whatsoever, by reason of such Appointment, until such Persons respectively shall take upon themselves the Offices to which they shall so respectively have been ap-po.iiud, I. a " j

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as the Number of Members of any of the said Councils of Fort William, Fori Saint George, or Bombay^ shall, by Death, or Absence, by reason of Sickness or otherwise, for fourteen Days be reduced to two, including the Governor General or President of such Council, the Person who shall (land Senior in such provisional Appointment as is herein-before mentioned, or in case there shall be no such Appointment, then the senior Civil Servant of the fud Company upon the Spot, shall be called to such Council, and (halt have a Voice therein in like Manner as if he had been appointed thereunto by the Court of Directors of the said Company, and shall hold such Office in case the Vacancy shall have happened by Death, until a Successor thereunto shall be appointed by the Lid Court of Directors; or if such Vacancy shall have happened by Absence or Sickness, until the Return or Recovery of such sick or absent Member; and that all Persons so exercising the Office of a Councilor at any of the said Presidencies shall be entitled, for the Time he shall so hold the same, to the like Advantages, as if he had been thereunto permanently appointed by the said Court of Directors.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Resignation to be made of the Offices of the Governor General, or Governor or President of any of the subordinate Settlements, or Commander in Chief, or Members of the respective Councils of any of the said Presidencies in India, shall be deemed or cor,(trued to be legal or valid, or shall be accepted as such, unless the same be made by an Instrument in Writing under the Hand of the Officer or Person resigning the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Older or Resolutton of any General Court of the Proprietors of the said United Company shall be available to revoke or refeind, or in any respect to affect, any Act, Older, Resolution, Matter, or Proceeding, of the said Court of Directors, by this Act directed or authorised to be made or done by the said Court, after the same shall have been approved by the said Board, in the Manner herein-before directed; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of an Act, nude io the twenty-fi:ft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as directs the Court of Directors of the said United Company to deliver to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or to the High Treasurer for the Time being, or to One of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, Copies of any Letters or Orders relating to the Management of the Revenues, or the Civil and Military Affairs of the said Company; and also all such Powers and Authorities given to or vested in the Proprietors and Directors of the said United Company, or in any General or Special Court thereof respectively, in and by any Act of Parliament or Charter, as are contrary or repugnant to this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; any Thing contained in any Act or Charter, or any Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor General and Council of Fort William aforesaid shall have Power and Authority to superintend, controul, and direct the several Presidencies and Governments now or hereafter to be erected or established in the East Indies by the Lid United Company, in all such Points as relate to any Transactions with the Country Powers, or to War or Peace, or to the Application of the Revenues or Forces of such Presidencies and Settlements in Time of War, or any such oth^r Points as shall, from Time to Time, be specially referred by the Court of Directors of the said Company to their Superintendance and Controul.

XXXII. And, in order to prevent the Embarrassment and Difficulty which may arise from any Question, whether the Orders or Instructions of the Governor General and Council of Fort William relate to other Points than those aforesaid,* be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Doubt which may be entertained by the said Presidencies or Settlements to whom such Orders or Instructions shall be given, respecting the Power of the Governor General and Council to give such Orders, yet the said Presidencies or Settlements shall be bound to obey such Orders and Directions of the said Governor General and Council in all Cases whoever, except only where they shall have received positive Orders and Instructions from the fai«i Court of Directors, or from the Secret Committee of the said Court of Directors, repugnant to the Oiders and Instructions of the said Governor General and Council, and not known to the said Governor General and Council at the Time of dispatching their Orders and Instructions as aforesaid; and the said Governor General and Council shall, at the Time of transmitting all such Orders and Instructions, transmit therewith the Dates of, and the Times of receiving, the last Dif-patebes. Orders and Instructions which they have received from the Court of Directors, or from the* Secret Committee on the said Court of Directors, or any of the Points contained therein: And the said Presidencies and Governments, in all Cases where they have received any Orders from the said Court of Directors, or from the Secret Committee of the said Court of Directors, as aforesaid, which they shall deem repugnant to the Orders of the said Governor General and Council of Fort William, and which* ^vere not known to the said Governor General and Council at the Time of dispatching their Orders and Instructions as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit Copies of the same, together with an Account of all Resolutions or Orders made by them in consequence thereof, to the Go/crnor General and Council of Fort Ifilliam, who shall, after the Receipt of the same, dispatch such further Orders and Instructions to the Lid Presidencies and Settlements as they may judge necissary thereupon.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor General and Council of Fort William aforesaid, and the several Presidents and Counsellors of Fort Saint George and Bombay, shall, at their several and respective Boards and Councils, proceed, in the first Place, to the Consideration of such Questions Business as shall be proposed by the said Governor General or Presidents respectively; and when and so often as any Matter or Question shall be propounded at any of the said Boards or Councils, by any of the Counsellors thereof, it shall be competent to the said Governor General and Presidents respect-pto postpone or adjourn the Discussion of the Matter or Question so propounded to a future Day Provided always, That no such Adjournment shall exceed forty-eight Hours, nor shall the Matter or,

Question vj

481

Temporary Connie!lor* how to »e appointed at Fort WiJl.am* &c.

RfAgnation of

th' Office o* Go» terror General, £c. to be iu Writing.

O-dert, &c. of the Court ot Directors, approved by tht Board, not to be revoked by General Court.

Part of Act at Geo. 3. Cap. 65, repealed*

Governor General and Council of Foit William, in certain Points, to con-. troui all the other Govero- < ments belonging to the Company*.

Directions relative to Oiders issued from Fort William to the Other Governments.

Direct Ion* respecting the Cori-. federation of Bn-finess at the (t~ veral Boards ia India,

482

Governor Genera), &c. of Fort Williim not to declare War against any Indian Power, unlefj authorised by the Directors.

(Exception.)

'No Governor or Prctident, Scc. of any subordinate Settlement, shall ifTiie any Order for levying War, Sec, (except in 'Cales of Emergency) unless by Order of the Governor General, See, of Fort William, or the Court of Directors,

Subordinate Presidents and Counsellors disobeying the Orders of the Did Governor General, &c, ttaybe suspended, They are to^ Cranftnit Copies of all Acts in Council to the said Governor General, See,

Court of Directors to take into Consideration the Demands of Bra* tifli Subjects on the Nabob of Arcot;

and ilfo the Dif-pufes between the Did Nabob and the Rajah of Tanjore,

Complaints of Rajahs, Zemindars, See. to be taken into Consideration by the BhUlorh

C. 25.

Anno vicesimo quarto

Question so proposed be adjourned more than twice, without the Consent of the Counsellor who originally proposed the same.

XXXIV. And whereas, to pursue Schemes of Conquest and Extension of Dominion in India, are Measures repugnant to the Wish, the Honour, and Policy of this Nation;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Governor General and Council of Fort William aforesaid, without the express Command and Authority of the said Court of Directors, or of the Secret Committee of the said Court of Directors, in any Case, except where Hostilities have actually been commenced, or Preparations actually made for the Commencement of Hostilities, against the British Nation in India, or against some of the Princes or States dependant thereon, or whose Territories the said United Company shall beat such Time engaged by any subsisting Treaty to defend or guaranty) cither to declare War or commence Hostilities, or enter into any Treaty for making War, against any of the Country Princes or States in India, or any Treaty for guarantying the Possessions of any Country Princes or States; and that in such Case it shall not be lawful for the said Governor General and Council to declare War or commence Hostilities, or enter into Treaty for making War, against any other Prince, or State than such as shall be actually committing Hostilities, or making Preparations as aforesaid, or to -make such Treaty for guarantying the Possessions of any Prince or State, but upon the Consideration of such Prince or State actually engaging to assist the Company against such Hostilities commenced, or Preparations made as aforesaid; and in all Cases where Hostilities shall be commenced, or Treaty made, the said Governor General and Council shall, by the mod expeditious Means they can devise, communicate the same unto the said Court of Directors, together with a full State of the Information and Intelligence upon which they shall have commenced such Hostilities, or made such Treaties, and their Motives and Reasons for the same at large.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Governors or Presidents, and Coun-fe!lors, of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or of any other subord inate Settlement respectively, to make or issue any Order for commencing Hostilities, or levying War, or to negociate or conclude any Treaty of Peace, or other Treaty, with any Indian Prince or State (except in Cases of sudden Emergency or imminent Danger, when it shall appear dangerous to postpone such Hostilities or Treaty), unless in pursuance of express Orders from the said Governor General and Council of Fort William aforesaid, or from the said Court of Directors, or from the Secret Committee of the said Court of Directors; and every such Treaty shall, if possible, contain a Clause for subjecting the same to the Ratification or Rejection of the Governor General and Council of Fort William aforesaid: And the said Presidents and Counsellors of the said Presidencies and Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or other subordinate Settlement, are hereby required toyield due Obedience to all such Oiders as they shall from Time to Time respectively receive from the said Governor General and Council of Fort William aforesaid, concerning the Premises.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the said Presidents and Counsellors who shall wilfully refuse to pay due Obedience to such Orders and Instru6Hons as they shall receive from the said Governor General and Council of Fort William as aforesaid, shall be liable to be suspended from the Exercise of their respective Offices or Powers, by Order of the said Governor General and Council of Fort William 5 and all and every of them are hereby further required, constantly and diligently to transmit to the said Governor General and Council of Fort William aforesaid, true and exact Copies of aH Orders, Resolutions, and Acts in Council, of their respective Governments, Presidencies, and Councils, and also Advice and Intelligence of all Transactions and Matters which shall come to their Knowledge, material to be communicated to the Governor General and Council of Fort William aforesaid, or which the said Governor General and Council shall from Time to Time require.

XXXVII. And whereas very large Sums of Money are claimed to be due to British Subjects by the Nabob of Arcot, in the Recovery whereof it is expedient that such Assistance should be given them as shall be confident with the Rights of the said United Company, the Security of the Creditors, and the Honour and Dignity of the said Nabob be it enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said Company shall, as soon as may be, take into Consideration the Origin and Justice of the said Demands, as far as the Materials they are in Possession of shall enable them to do; and that they shall give such Orders to their Presidencies and Servants abroad for completing-the Investigation thereof, as the Nature of the Case shall require, and for establishing, in concert with the said Nabob, such Fund for the Discharge of those Debts which shall appear to be justly due, according to their respective Claims of Priority, as shall be confident with the Rights of the said United Company, the Security of the Creditors, and the Honour and Dignity of the said Nabob.

XXXVIII. And, for settling upon a permanent Foundation the present indeterminate Rights and Pre- tensions of the Nabob of Arcot and the Rajah of Taniore, with respect to each other,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall take into their immediate Consideration the said indeterminate Rights and Pretensions, and take and pursue such Measures as in their Judgment and Discretion shall be best calculated to ascertain and settle the same, according to the Principles and the Terms and Stipulations contained in the Treaty of one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, between the said Nabob and the said Rajah.

XXXIX. And whereas Complaints have prevailed, that divers Rajahs, Zemindars, Polygars, Ta- lookdars, and other native Landholders within the British Territories in India, have been unjustly deprived of, or compelled to abandon and relinquish, their respective Lands, Jurisdictions, Rights, and Privileges, or that the Tributes, Rents, and Services required to be by them paid or performed for their respective Possessions to the said United Company, are become grievous and oppressive: And whereas the Principles of Justice, and the Honour of this Country, require that such Complaints should be forthwith inquired into and fully investigated, and if founded in Truth effectually redreffedT’Bf lt

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 483

All the Company’s Establitfi-mtntc, Civil or Military, in India, to be taken into Consideration by the Directors, who shall make all practicable Retrenchments and Reductions therein#

therefore enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said United Company {half, and they are hereby accordingly required, forthwith to take the said Matters into their serious Consideration, and to adopt, take, and pursue such Methods for enquiring into the causes, Foundation, and Truth of the said Complaints, and for obtaining a full and perfect Knowledge of the same, and of all Circumstances relating thereto, as the said Court of Directors shall think best adapted for that Purpose; and thereupon, accord- an<! lhc^ r* ing to the Circumstances of the respective Cases of the said Rajahs, Zemindars, Polygars, Talookdars, "* and other Native Landholders, to give Orders and Instructions to the several Governments and Presidencies in India, for effectually redressing, in such Manner as shall be consistent with Justice, and the Laws and Customs of the Country, all Injuries and Wrongs which the said Rajahs, Zemindars, Polygars,

Talookdars, and other Native Landholders, may have sustained unjustly in the Manner aforesaid, and for settling and establishing, upon Principles of Moderation and Justice, according to the Laws and Constitution of India, the permanent Rules by which their respective Tributes, Rents, and Services, shall be in future rendered and paid to the said United Company, by the said Rajahs, Zemindars, Poly-jars, Talookdars, and other Native Landholders.

XL. And, to the End and Intent that the British Establishments in India, as well Civil as Military,

may be Regulated and improved, for the greater Security of the State, the Advantage of the Service,

and the Benefit of the said United Company be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Di-leftors of the East India Company shall take into their immediate Consideration the respective Establifo-roents, Civil and Military, of their several Presidencies and Settlements in India, and give such Orders as the Case will admit, for every practicable Retrenchment and Reduction in the fame; and shall also require, from the said Settlements and Presidencies respectively, such farther Information as may be necessary to furnish them with a Knowledge of the State of such Establishments, together with full, minute, accurate and particular Lifts and Accounts to be stated, of all the Offices and Employments on the Civil Establishment of the said United Company in India, and of all the Forces within the several British Settlements in the Pay or Service of the said United Company in India, distinguishing the different Bodies, Nations, or People which compose the same, and the Salaries and Emoluments appertaining to all and every of the said Offices and Employments, and the Pay and Emoluments of the Commissioned <$nd Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men in the Army there, as well in Peace as in War, together with the Opinions of the respective Governments and Presidencies, what Method or System can be adopted, for the better Regulation as well of the said Offices and Employments as of the said Forces, for retrenching unnecessary Expences, and for introducing a just and laudable CEconomy in every Branch t)f the said Civil and Military Departments: And the Court of Directors of the said United Company stall, as soon as may be after the Receipt of the said Lifts and Accounts, take the same into their Consideration, and thereupon, by their Order, declare what Offices, Places, and Employments, as well Civil as Military, will in their Judgment be adequate to the Support of the Honour and Dignity of this Kingdom in the East Indies, and the Safety, Defence, and Security of the British Possessions there; and make and transmit to the said Presidencies and Settlements complete and perfect Lists of the said Offices, Places, and Employments 5 and specify and direct the Rate and Quantum of the respective Pay,

Salaries, and Emoluments to be hereafter allowed in respect thereof by the said United Company, as Well in Peace as in War: And the said Court of Directors {hill, and they are hereby required, within At/ftofaltOffourteen Days after the Commencement of every Session of Parliament, to bring before the two Houses £ce5» &c. in the of Parliament a perfect Lift of all Offices, Places, and Employments, in the Civil and Military Efta- bJMmenCinh* bJishments of the said United Company in the East Indies, with the Salaries or Pay, and Emoluments be- aia, longing thereto, or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That until the said several Lists of the Offices, Places, and Employments shall have been made and established as aforesaid, the said Court of Directors shall be, and they are hereby prohibited from appointing or fending to India any new Servant, Civil or Military, under the Degrees of the respective Counsellors and Commanders in Chief; and after such Lifts shall have been perfected and established, the said Court of Directors shall in no wife appoint or send out a try greater Number of Persons to be Cadets or Writers, or in any other Capacity, than will be actually necessary, India, in Addition to the Persons on the Spot, to supply and keep up the proper Complement or Number of Officers and Servants contained in the said Lifts, according to such Returns of Vacancies as the proper Officers of the said Company shall, from Time to Time, transmit from India to the said Court of Directors.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Promotions and Advancements of the Officers and Servants of the said United Company in India, as well Civil as Military, in their respective Lines or Professions, under the Degrees of the respective Counsellors and Commanders in Chief, shall be made according to Seniority of Appointment, in a regular progressive Succession, unless any of the said Governments and Presidencies shall, on any very urgent Oc-*hon, by a Vote in Council, fee Cause to deviate from the said general Rule hereby directed to be ob-£rved; and on every such Occasion the said Government or Presidency shall cause a full and perfect Fntry to be made upon their Minutes of Confutation, specifying all the Circumstances of the Case, and their Reasons and Inducements* at large for making such Deviation, and shall transmit the same to *he said Court of Directors, by the first Opportunity that shall occur, for their Order and Direction therein; and that all Nominations and Appointments to be made repugnant or contrary to the Directions P* ft*s Ad, whether the same shall be made by the Court of Directors of the said United Company, or oy any of the said Governments or Presidencies (save and, except in Cases of Urgency as aforesaid),

&all be null and void.

X.LIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall be ca~ fv wiuv nfc pable of afling, or of being appointed or sent out by the said Court of Directors to the East Indies Ifl Cade*s nay be

before the two Houses of Parliament.

Restrictions on the DircOors relative to fending new Servant! to

Regulations re-' lative to Promo* tion« of Officers, &c, in India#

At what Ape

4^4 C. 25. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. SeflT

Bbu/h Su’ j*<^3 amenabieto Jffi-tice for all Acts doot in hidii»

Receiving of Pi dents to be deemei Extortion* and punish-fd a) such.

Court may order Pie 'eoti to be returned, dec.

Part of Act 13 Geo. 3. Cap. #3. repealed,

Cou n ft 11 or r, Physicians, &c. not prohibited from taking Fee*.

Disobeying the

Order? of the

Directors,

fir nuking any c^rmpt

to obtain, &c. any Qfli:e under the Co.T,p*ny in India, to be punished ai a demeanet.

Com pan) *s Ser* vants dismissed by any competent C^urt, not to be ictlored, *c.

Company's Revenue Officers (being British born Subjects) Id be f*onu

the Capacity of a Writer or Cadet, whole Age shall be under fifteen Years, or shall exceed the Age of twenty-two years; and that no Pei fi n (V ail be capable of acting, or of being appointed or sent out in either of such Capacities, until he shall have procured and left with the Secretary, of the said United Company, or of the said Court of Directors, a Certificate of his Age, under the Hand of the Minister of the Parish in which he was baptized, or Keeper of the Registry of the same; and that when no such Registry shall exist or can be found, an Affidavit of that Fact shall be made by the Party, with his Information and Heller* that his Age is not less than fifteen Years, and doth not exceed twenty-two Ye; i rs; and such A Hid *v it shall and may, if the said Court of Di rectors shall so think fit, be received and left with the faiu Secretary in the Stead of such Certificate: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the said Court of Directors from appointing any Persons to be Cadets, who shall have actually been one whole Year Commissioned Office!$ in his Majesty's Service, or rn the Militia, or Feticide Men, when embodied and called out into sftual Service, or from the Company of Cadets in, the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and whole Age shall not exceed twenty-five Years.

XLIV. And be it further en, idled, That all his Majesty's Subjects, as well Servants of the said United Company as others, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, amenable to all Courts of Justice (both in India and Great Britain) of competent Junfffiftion to try OfK nces committed in India, for all Acts, Injuries, Wrongs, Oppressions, Trefpffics, Misdemeanors, Crimes, and OlFcnces whatsoever, by them or any of them done, or to be done or committed, in any of the Lands or Territories of any Native Prince or State, or against their Persons or Properties, or the Persons or Properties of any of their Subjects or People, in the same Manner as if the same had been done or commuted within the Territories diredily subject to and under the British Government in India.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the demanding or receiving of any Sum of Money, or other valuable Thing, as a Gift or PrHent, or under Colour thereof, whether it be for the Use of the Party receiving the same, or for, or pretended to be for the Use of the said Company, or of any other Person whomsoever, by any British Subject holding or exercising any Office or Employment under his Majesty, or the said United Company in the East Indies, shall be deemed and taken to be Extortion, and shall be proceeded against and punched as such, under and by virtue of this Act; and the Offender shall alfd forfeit to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the whole Gift or Present so received, or the full Value thereof.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Court or Jurisdiction before whom every such Offence shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority to direct the said Present or Gift, or the Value thereof, to be restored to the Party who gave the same, or to order the Whole, or any Part thereof, or of any Fine which the Court shall set on the Offender, to be paid or given to the Prosecutor or Informer, as such Court in its Discretion shall think fit.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the aforesaid Act of the thirteenth Year of the King’s Majesty's Reign, as subjects any Person receiving or accepting Gifts or Presents to any Penalty or Forfeiture for so doing, or as directs that such Gifts, Presents, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall belong to the said Company, shall be repealed, from and after the first Day of January, one thousand feveti hundred and eighty-five: Provided that no Prosecutions or other Suits, already commenced, or to be commenced before the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon the said Act shall be afftfted by such Repeal.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit or prevent any Person exercising the Profession of Counsellor at Law, Physician, or Surgeon, or any Chaplain, from accepting, taking, or receiving Fees, Gratuities, or Rewards (bora fide), in the way of his Profession only.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, Tint the wilful disobeying, or the wilfully omitting to execyte the Orders or Instructions of the Court of Directors of the said United Company, by any of the Officers or Servants of the said United Company in the East Indies (unless in Cases of Necessity, the Burthen of the Proof of which Necessity shall be on the Party so disobeying or omitting to execute such Orders and Instructions as aforesaid), and every wilful Breach of the Trcft and Duty of any Office or Employment under the said United Company, by any of the Officers ox Servants of the said United Company in the East Indies, shall be deemed and taken to be a Misdemeanor at Law, and shall be proceeded against and pumshed as such by virtue of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the making or entering into, or being a Party to any corrupt Bargain or Contract, for the giving up, or for obtaining, or in any other Manner touching or concerning the Trust and Duty of any Office or Employment under the said United Company in the East Indies, by any British Subjects whomsoever there rdident, shall be deemed and taken to be a Misdemeanor at Law, and shall be proceeded against and prosecuted as such by virtue of this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That after Sentence or Judgment of any Court having competent

Jurisdiction, whether in- Great Britain ex in India, against any of the said United Company’s Servants* Civil or Military, fnr any Debt or Penalty due cr belonging to the said United Company, or for any Extortion or other Mifiiemeanor, it ft all not be lawful for the said United Company, upon ajiy Pretence whatsoever, to release or compound such Sentence pr Judgement, or to restore any Servant or Servants of the Lid Company, who shall have been removed or difnniled from his or their Office or Employment, for or on Account of Misbehaviour, by the Sentence of any of the said Courts.

LII. And, for the remedying of the Abufrs which have prevailed in the Collection and Receipt of the Revenues of the fif'd United Company,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

every Person (being a British born Subject) who is or shall be appointed or authorised to collect. manage, conUoulj or receive the Rents, Duties, or Revenues of and belonging, and due and payable to

1 th*

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo qugrto Georgii III. c. 25. 485

said United Cempany, shall, before he enters upon the Col!e<Tion and Receipt thereof, tike and subscribe the following Oath; which Oath the Clmf Justice, or one of the Puiine of the Supreme

Court of Judicattfie at Bengal, or the Mayor or other Magistrate in any of the ether Presidencies or Settlements, shal 1^ and is hereby authorised and commanded to administer; and such Oath so aummif-tered, shall be recoided in the Supreme Court at Calcutta, or in one of the said Provincial or Mayor's Courts; (that is to say,) v

I, A. E. do promise and swear, That I will, to the utmost of my Endeavours, well and faithfully Tin Oath;

€ JL execute *od dischirge the Duties of an Officer of Revenu% reposed in and committed to me by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Hall Indies, and that 1 Will not demand,

take, or accept, dircfPy or indirectly, by myself, or by any other Person for my Use or on my Behalf,

of or from any Rajah, Zemindar, TaiookJar, Polygar, Renter, Rj'ot, or other Person, paying or liable to pay any Tribute, Rent, or Tax, to or for the Use of the Lid United Company, any Sum of Money, or other valuable Thing, by way of Gift, Present, or otherwise, over and above, or be- fides and except, the actual Tribute, Rent, or Tax, authorised to be taken by and for the Use of the said United Company; and that I will juilly and truly account and answer for the same to the said United Company.

'So help me GOD.9

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor General of Fort Governor Ge-William aforesaid for the Time being, to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to such ner^l uf Fort Peace Officers and other Persons as he shall think fit, for securing and detaining in Custody any Person wlr

or Persons suspected of carrying on, mediately or immediately, any illicit C >rrespondence, dangerous to rant for feeding the Peace or Safety of the Settlement, or of the British Possessions in India, with any of the Princes, Ra- any Person fuf. jahs, Zemindars, or other Person or Persons whomsoever hav ing Authority in India, or with the Com- pc-tfed of carry-manders, Governors, or Presidents of any Factories established in the East Indies by awy European Power, on blirit-

contrary to the Rules and Orders of the said Company, or of the Governor General and Council of Correspondence, Fort William aforesaid*, and if, upon Examination, taken upon Oath, in Writing, of any Person or mt Persons (other than the Person so secured and detained) before the Governor General and Council of *Coin* Fort William aforesaid, there shall appear reasonable Grounds for the Charge, the said Governor General shall be, and is hereby authorised and impowered to commit such Person or Persons above described to safe Custody, and shall within a reasonable Time, not exceeding five Days, cause to be delivered to him or them the Charge or Accusation on which he has or they have been committed; and the Party so confined shall be permitted to deliver in his Defence in Writing, together with a List of such Witnesses as he shall desire to be examined in Support of his Defence, who shall be examined accordingly in his Presence, and their Examinations taken down in Writing; and if, not- If the Party ic-withstanding such Defence, there shall appear to the said Governor General and Council reasonable cufed cannot ?*-Grounds for the former Proceeding, and for continuing the Confinement, the Party shall remain in 4u,(Pr* h,mlcIf* Custody until he or they shall be brought to Trial in India, or feat to England for that Purpose; and ,*n that all such Exuminations and Proceedings shall be transmitted to the said Court of Directors by the Xcia!. J 1 first Dispatches; and in case such Person or Persons are to be sent to England, the said Governor General shall, and he is hereby required to cause such Person or Persons to be sent by the first convenient Opportunity, unless such Person or Persons shall be disabled by illness from undertaking the Voyage.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Presidencies and Governments of Fort Saint George PrefUcneies of

and Bombay, shall have the like Powers, and subject to the same Regulations and Restrictions, to secure Saint

and detain Persons suspecied of any such illicit Correspondence as aforesaid, within their respective Pfe- ^’ortJe an<1

lidencies and Settlements, as are hereby given to the said Governor General and Council of Fort //77- f^i^Vowc^ Ham. Qwctu

LV. And, for the better preventing, or more easily punching, the Misconduct of the Servants of the said United Company, employed in the Settlements or Affairs of the said Company in India, by

a Discovery of their Effaces and Property on their Return to Great Britain \ be it further enacted,

That every Person now being, or who shall hereafter be, in the Service of the said United Company in Company’s Scr-India, shall, within the Space of two Calendar Months after his returning to Great Britain, deliver, vam*, wWm in upon Oath, before the Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England, or any two Months af-two of the other Barons of the said Court for the Time being respectively (which Oath the said Lord gto

Chief Baron, and other Barons, are hereby respectively authorised to administer), Duplicates of an ^er ioTpo* exact Particular or Inventory of all and singular the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chat- Oath, b.-ferc the tels, Deb:s, Monies, Securities for Money, and other Real and Personal Efface and Property what- Barons rf the lpever, as well in Europe as in Asia, or el fe where, which such Person was seised or possessed of, or in- E*ch«quer, Dueled unto, at the Time of his Arrival in Great Britain, in his own Right, or which any Person or P, C3t"ofa£ Persons was or were seised or poffffed of in Trult for him, or to or for his Use or Benefit, at the thffrRcal and Time of his said Arrival in Great Britain, or at any Time after, specifying what Part thereof was not Personal Estate« acquired, or purchased by Property acquired, in consequence of his Refuience in the East Indies: And at the Time of if any of the Real or Personal Estate or Property of any such Person shall have been conveyed, alien- their Arrival* Jded, transferred, or otherwise disposed of, after his said Arrival in Great Britain, then such Person shall also, in and.by his said Particular Inventory, set forth an accurate Description and Specification of all such Parts of his said Real or i uffonal Estate and Property as shall have been so conveyed.

Inferred, or disposed of, and how, and in what Manner, and to whom, and at what Time, and for R r x a what

4*6

One of which Duplicates to be delivered to the King's Remembrancer, and Kept as a Publick Record -y and the other to the Chairman of the Courr of Directors, for the Inspection of the ihoprictors. Complaints against such Inventories msy be made within three Years, and Proceedings had thereon.

Persons making Default in delivering such authentic Inventories, or in answering Interrogatories, to forfeit their whole Effaces both Real and PersonaL

Offender to be imprisoned, and lb all be incapacitated.

Not to extend to any Person who shall arrive before Jan, I,) 1787-

In case of Sick-ness of any such Person, within the said two Months,

or at the Time of hit leaving India, a further Time to be allowed.

Any Person, who, within three Yeara after the Delivery of any such Inventory, shall make Discovery, before a Baron of Eachc^ues

C. 25. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. SelT.

what Price or Confederation, the same shall have been so conveyed, alienated, transferred, or disposed' of respectively.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Chief Baron, or other Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, to whom any such Particular or Inventory shall be delivered upon Oath, in pursuance of this Act, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been received by him or them, deliver one of the said Duplicates to the King’s Remembrancer of the said Court, to be by him filed and recorded in the said Court as a Publick Record; and the other Duplicate thereof to the Chairman of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being, to be deposited and kept amongst the publick Archives and Papers^of the said United Company, for the Inspection and Perusal of the Members and Proprietors of the said United Company: And in case any Complaint shall, within three Years after the deliveries of such Particular or Inventory, be made by the said Board for the Affairs of India> or by the Court of Directors of the said United Company, or by any ten or more Members or Proprietors of the said Company, whose Share or Interest in the Capital Stock of the said United Company shall amount conjunctively to ten thousand Pounds at the least, by Memorial or Petition to the said Court of Exchequer, or by the Motion of Counsel in the said Court, that any such Particular or Inventory is untrue, evasive, uncertain, or insufficient, or that it doth not contain the whole Account of the Real and Personal Estate and Property of the Person delivering the fame; and it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Exchequer, either by Inspection of any such Particular or Inventory, or upon the Affidavit of any credible Person or Persons, that there is reasonable Cause to (ufpeft that any such Particular or Inventory doth not specify and disclose an Account and Description of the whole Estate and Property, as well Real as Personal, of the Person delivering the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; then it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer, by their Order, to cause the Person who shall have delivered in such Particular or Inventory, at such Time or Times as the said Court shall for that Purpose direct, to go before the King's Remembrancer of the said Court, or his Deputy for the Time being, and be by him examined upon Oath (which Oath the said Remembrancer, or his Deputy, is hereby impowered and required to administer) upon such Interrogatories, touching and concerning the said Real and Personal Estate and Property of such Person* or the Disposal thereof, as the said Court shall think meet; and the said Court shall, if need be, cause such Person to be attached by the Sheriff, by any Process or Warrant from the said Court, and kept in the safe Custody of such Sheriff, or in such Prison as the said Court shall direct, until he shall have fully answered the said Interrogatories, to the Satisfaction of the said Court.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person, by this Act required to deliver Duplicates of such Particular or Inventory as aforesaid, shall neglect to deliver the same within the Time hereinbefore for that Purpose limited, or shall not submit to be examined, and fully answer any such Interrogatories as aforesaid, or if it shall appear that he hath been guilty of any Concealment or Omission, or untrue Specification of any Part of his Estate or Property, Real or Personal, by this Act directed to be set forth and specified in such Particular or Inventory, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds*, such Person, on being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall forfeit all his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Monies, Securities for Money, Debts, Goods, and Chattels, and other his Real and Personal Estate whatsoever, and wheresoever; one Moiety whereof shall belong to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall belong to the said United Company (subject nevertheless to such Allowance, to Persons making any Discovery thereof, as herein after is mentioned); and shall and may be recovered by the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the said Company, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no EiToin, Protection; or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance; and such Person shall moreover suffer Imprisonment for such Time as the said Court of Exchequer shall in their Discretion think fit, without Bail or Mainprize; and such Person shall be also incapable of serving the said United Company in any Capacity whatsoever.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extent! to compel any Person, who shall arrive from India in Great Britain on or before the first Day of nuary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, to deliver any such Particular or Inventory as aforesaid.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Sickness of any such Person or Persons as by this Act are required, within two Months after their respective Arrival in Great Britain, to give in an Inventory of their respective Effects, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, upon Proof of such Sickness made to his Satisfaction,’fronv Time to Time to grant such further Time for giving in such Inventory, as the said Baron shall in his Dif» cretion think fit.

LX. And whereas it may happen, that Persons engaged in Trade in India, may by Sickness be obliged to leave India so suddenly, as to put it out of their Power so to settle their Affairs as to be able 1 to give in the Inventory by this Act required within two Months after their Arrival be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Proof of such Fast, to the Satisfaction of any Baron of the Court of Exchequer, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baron to grant such further Time for delivering in such Inventory, as the Nature of the Cases respectively shall to him appear to require.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall, within the Space of three Years next after the Delivery of any such Particular or Inventory as aforesaid, voluntarily come before the said Lord Chief Baron, or any one of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, and make Discovery, upon Oath, of any Part of the Estate or Property, Real or Personal, of any Person delivering such Inventory* which shall have been concealed, and not therein or thereby* or in any subsequent Examination, Ip®-

cinea>

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 487

cified, disclosed, or described, shall, upon Conviction of the Person who delivered such Inventory, be of allowed after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum* according to the Value of the Estate or Eft Vets so elalcdniaJ^be* discovered, wheresoever the same shall be, in Great Britain, or the British Territorial PoftdHons in the a))owe(1 ,aQ pcf East Indies; which Allowance, ad valorem, shall be paid to such Discoverer out of the net Proceeds of cent, of the V»-- such Estate or Effects which shall be discovered by his Means as aforesaid. # Jue thereof.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Lands, Tene-Goods, Chattels, Monies, and other Personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever, which shall be ments, &c. for-forfeited and recovered, by virtue of this Act, of and from any Person or Persons, by reason of his or by virtue of-

their Neglect or Refusal to deliver any such Particular or Inventory as aforesaid, or by the making of by Order of any imperfect or untrue Disclosure and Discovery of his Estate and Effects, according to the true Intent the Court of and Meaning of this Act, shall be foid and disposed of, by the Order and Authority of his Majesty's Exchequer, said Court of Exchequer, and the Monies therefrom arising shall be paid and applied, under the Order and Authority of the said Court, to the Use of the several Persons intitled thereto, according to the Directions and true Intent of this Act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall have been ap- No Officer of pointed to any Civil or Military Station, Office, or Capacity whatsoever, in the East Indies, by the sole the Company in« Appointment of the said United Company, or who shall have been appointed to such Station, Office, or Capacity, in the Service of the said United Company, by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon the KbgdumVndu^-said Court of Directors neglecting to make such Appointment as aforesaid, shall be capable of being siding in Europe appointed to the same, or any other station, Office, or Capacity, in the East Indies, or to claim or for five Year* exercise, or be capable of claiming or exercising, any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction there, after he (unless it were or they, having returned to this Kingdom, shall have been resident therein, or in any other Part of Ju Heahh? Europe, for the Space of five Years, unless it shall be made appear, by the Oath of credible Witnesses, or fl,aH be capable* other authentick Testimony, to the Satisfaction as well of the said Board for the Affairs of India, as of of any Appoint* the Court of Directors of the said United Company, that such Residence in Europe was on the Account of, mejp to India, and became actually necessary for the Health of such Person or Persons respectively; any Law or a*ain'

Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or Exception* be construed to extend, to any Appointment which shall be made by the Court of Directors of the said United Company, with the Content and Approbation of three Fourths of a General Court of Proprietors of the said United Company, specially convened for that Purpose.

LXIV. And whereas it would conduce to the better Government, Management, and ordering of the Territories, Possessions, Revenues, and Commerce of the said United Company, if forne more effectual f Courfethan the Common Law hath provided were devised, for the prosecuting and bringing to speedy and condign Punishment Persons guilty of the Crime of Extortion, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the East Indies by British Subjects holding Offices or Employments there under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or under the said United Company ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Coroner and Attorney of our Lord the King, in Method of Pro*-the Court of King’s Bench, by Rule of the Court of King’s Bench, to be obtained upon Motion to be cedure again* made for that Purpose, at the Instance of any Person or Persons (and which Rule the said Court k hereby British Subject -impowered to grant at their Discretion, if the Magnitude and Circumstances of the Case shall appear to w*\° ^Lbc the said Court to render it proper), or for his Majesty's Attorney General, or for the Court of Directors or other* or Court of Proprietors of the said United Company, in the Name of the said United Company, to Mifdrtneanonii* Exhibit in the said Court of King’s Bench, an Information against any such Person for any such Offence the Eastinditir w aforesaid, committed after the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; whereupon the said Court shall and may, at the Instance of the Prosecutor, cause the Party against whom such Information shall have been exhibited as aforesaid to be attached, and may and shall order him to stand committed to the Prison of the Marshalsea, or to the Tower of London, or to the Gaol of Nnvgate>

XI. the Discretion of the said Court, there to be detained until he shall be delivered by due Course of Law,

or until he, together with two Efficient Sureties, shall have entered into a Recognizance unto the King’s- Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Sum of Money, and with such Condition for his Appearance, and for satisfying the Judgment to be pronounced in and upon such Information, as to the said Court in its Discretion shall seem meet; and when the Defendant dial) have appeared and pleaded to the said Information, the Chief Justice, or some of the Justices of the said Court of King’s Bench, shall,

within ten Days (unless any Mandamus shall be granted for the Examination of Wimesses as herein xfter provided, upon a Motion to be made within a Time to be limited by the said Court of King’s Benchffor that Purpose), deliver the Record of the said Information and Plea to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, who shall thereupon issue a Commission under the said Great Seal in Manner herein after provided,

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons against whom any Information shall Ifmy

exhibited under the Authority of this Act, shall neglect or refuse, within such respective Times as shall BCCufed stair of allowed to him or them for those Purposes, by the Rules, or according to the Discretion of the said Te

©urt, to appear and plead Not guilty to such Information, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's ^mwionfoalf ? Attorney General, or other Prosecutor, to cause an Appearance, and the Plea of Not Guilty, to be en- proceed notwith-prc(j for such Person or Persons; and the said Information shall thereupon proceed as if the Party or Adding,

i*virrad appeared, and pleaded Not Guilty thereto.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That within thirty Days from the Commencement of the next and Wthin 30 D*yr< every future Session of Parliament, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal shall proceed to chuse, nominate, from Com--^© appoint, twenty-six or more Members of their House; and the Commons of Great Britain, in tfarliamcm assembleda forty or more Member of the said House of Commons* to be chosen by Ballot; thVHouseof

and Lord* shall chu&r

488'

ky Ballot 16 Members of their House, and the House of Commons 40 of theirf.

The Lifts to be delivered tu ‘hree Jo Igea appointed by the disterent Court*,

Kamea or the

Alonhtrs of either House returned, &c.

*ho th ill not attend, on receiving proper Notice, to be Cranlmitfed to the Speaker, Defaulters to forfeit 5^oi. each.

The SenLrJudge |)resent to be ftefident of the Electing.

Tw#ntv-fir

M 'mberi of the J-?ou e of Peer?,

tow tobcihufen.

Mattrer of cfcufing the 40 Members of the Ho ife of Comment.

V ire? of Persons I

CAL uoder the Cro*n alum g Pleasur-, &c. to be A ruck Ott of the L>ft.

The Party to be

tlied shall nave

liberty to chal-

C. 25. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Stffi 2,

and the Speaker of each House respectively shall cause the Lift of the said Name?, {o chosen, /to be transmitted, under their respective Hands and Seals, to the Clerk of the Crown in Chincery, or his Deputy; And that whenever a Commission is to be issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain by virtue of this Act, the Lifts so returned shall be delivered over to such three Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Picas, or-Exchequer, as the said Courts shall for that Purpose jelpeclively appoint, one Judge being nominated from each of the said Courts respectively; and if the Lid Lifts fluil contain more than twenty-six Members of the House of Lords, or forty of the House of Commons respectively, the said Judges shall, within three Days from the Receipt thereof, cause the Names contained in the said List or Lists of either or both Houses respectively (as the Case may happen) to be put into a Box or Boxes, and twenty-six Names of the said Peers, and Crty Names of trie said Commons, 10 be publickly drawn by Lot, in the Pretence of the said Judges; and that the said three Judges shall h«ve Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to give Notice to all such Members of the two Houses of Parliament, whose Names shall have been so returned, or drawn by Lot as aforesaid, and also to his Majesty's Attorney General, or other P. olecutor, and also to the Party accused, as the Case may require, of the Time and Place to be appointed by the said Judges (not exceeding twenty Days from such L fts being delivered to them as aforesaid) for proceeding in the Execution of this Act:; and the Names of all such Members of either House of Parliament as shall not attend in consequence of such Notice* shall be transmitted to the Speaker of each House respectively, within three Days, if Parliament be then fitting, or if not, within three Days after the next Meeting of Parliament; and all such Persons as shall appear to have made Default as aforesaid, shall forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of rive hundred Pounds each, unlds they shall offer such Lxcules as shall appear to t ach House of Parliament respectively to be valid and sufficient: And if any Member of either House of Parliament, whose Name shall have been drawn by Lot in the Presence of the Lid Judges 4as aforesaid, shall have departed this Life, or shall hold any Civil Office of Profic under the Crown uuring his Majesty's Pleasure, or shall be, or shall have been, a Member of the said Board for the Affairs of India, or shall be, or shall have been, a Director of the said Company, or shall hold, or shall have hTl, any Office or Employment in the Service of the said Company in India y then, in each and every such Case, another Name shall be drawn cut of the same Box (if any such Name there be) instead of the Name of such Person.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Senior of the Grid three Judges present at the respective Meetings of the said Special Commissioners shall be the President of such Meeting or Meetings; and that all Questions, Resolutions, and Determinations before the said Special Commissioners, shall be by a Majority of Voices of the Special Commissioners then and there present; and jf the Voices shall be equal, the then President shall have a Second or Calling Voice.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Members of the House of Peers hereby directed to be named by the said House for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be chosen, nominated, and appointed, in the Manner following; (that is to lay,) That at any Time within thirty Djys from the Commencement of the next and every future Session of Parliament, when it shall appear that there are fifty Lords Spiritual and Temporal at the lead then present, the Lords shall be called; and if there are fifty present, the Lords shall thereupon proceed to deliver in at the Table Lifts, each of which Lifts shall contain the Names of twenty-six Lords, and shall be signed by the Lord who delivers such Lift; which Lift being delivered in, Inali be releried to a Committee of Lords to be then appointed, who shall examine the said Lifts, and forthwith report to the House th:Nime o( every such Lord whose Name shall appear on ten such Lifts; and if the Names so returned shall not amount to twenty six at the least, the Lords present shall be required to deliver in Irefh Lifts, each Lift containing a fsumber of Names equal to that Number by which the Lift returned (bail fall short of twenty-six, and so as often as the Case shall happen; and no Lord present when the House shall be called over shall depart until the said Lists of twenty-six Peers shall be made as aforesaid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Members of the House of Commons hereby diretfted to be named by that House for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be chosen, nominated, and appointed, in the Manner following; (that is to say,) That at any Time within thirty Days from the Commencement of the next and every future Session yf ILrlume -t (and after the Speaker of the said House shall have taken the Chair), it shall and may be lawful for any Member, after Foui of the Cluck in the Afternoon, to require tVuit the jJoois of the House shall be lockrd, and that the House shall be told by the Speaker; and if it shall appear iha,t there are two bundled Memht is or rnoie then present, the Members of the House shall thereupon proceed to deliver in at the Table Lifts, each of which Lifts shall contain the Names of forty Members; which I ills being delivered in, (lift! be referred to a Committee of five Members to be then appoint?d, who Avail examine the said Lifts, anft shall forthwith repoit to the House the Name of every such Mcmbei whose Name shall appear on twenty of the said Lifts; and if the Names so returned shall rot amount to forty, at the lead, the Members present shall be required to deliver in f elli Lifts, each Lift containing a Number of Names < qujl to that Number by which the Lift returned shall fall short of forty, and so as often as the Case shall happen; and the Doors of ftie House shall not be opened until the said Jail of forty Members, or more, shall be fully completed in Manner aforesaid.

LXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any < f the Persons named in such Lift* shall appear to hold any Civil Office of Profit under-the Crown during his Majesty's Pleasure, or to be, or to have been, a Member of the fa:u Boa^d for the Affairs of India, or to be, or to have been, a Director of the said Company, or to hold, or to have held, any Office or Employment in tnc Service nf the said Company in India; the Names of all and every such Persons shall be struck out of the said Lift returned to the Hous? by the said Committee, upon such Lift being read over at the Table.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Names of all such tVlembers of either House of Parliament, contained in the said Lists of twenty-six Peers and of forty Commoners, which shall have been drawn

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 489

by Lot in Presence of the three Judges as aforesaid, as shall personally appear at the Time and Place T1Pc'r*

appointed as aforesaid, shall be put into a Bjx, to be drawn out by Lor, in Presence of the Paid Judges, *"<*20 Com-

ami of the Patties, or their Counfei or Agents; and the Person against whom such Information Hull

have been exhibited as aforesaid, shall have the Liberty, as the Lid Names are drawn oik, to nuke

peremptory Challenges, to the Number of thirrecn of the Peers, and twenty of the Members of the

House of Commons, whose Names shall have been put into the Hid Box; and his Majesty's Attorney Proeco*or m«r

General, or other Prosecutor, as the Case may happen, shall h -.v? Power to make Challenges to any of j^n° a*c

the Names which shall be so drawn out, and to assign for Cause of Challenge any such Alar.er as in the Cn{N*

Opinion of the three Judges, or the Majority of them, shall appear in their Discretion sufficient to let

them aside, for the Purpose of obtaining them equal Justue; and the fi:it four Names of the said Peers* N,mcs<f°tee

and likewise the fir:T fix Names of the said Commoners, which shall be drawn out after the said Number pc.rs an(J

of Challenges rdpediivdy, or which, being diawn out, shall not he so challenged. Lull be returned by fior hx of the

the Lid Judges to the Lord High Chancellor, who shall cause the Names of the said Peers, and Members c°nioners

of the House of Commons, together with those of the said three Judges appointed as aforesaid, to be ^after'

inserted in the Special Commission to be issued by virtue of this Act; and the Per fans whose Names are ftjY bTre-T

so inferred in the Commission shall appear, within ten Days, at the Lime and Place to be appointed by the turned oy the" '

said three Judges, and take the following Oath, before the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or J < ges to the

Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, or anyone of them: Lord Chancellor*

to be inferred,

wkh those of the said Judges, in a Special CommuTioo, &c-> -c T A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly try and determine, to the bed of my Judgment, the Oath to be t*kct*

* Matter now to be brought before me, according to the Evidence that shall be given. by the Special

'So help me GOD/ Commissione.®*

And in case the Challenges shall reduce the Number of Names so drawn out to kfs than four Peers and fix Commoners respectively, then and in such Case the said three Judges shall certify the same to the respective Houses of Parliament, who shall proceed with all convenient Dispatch to appoint and ballot afresh for Lists of Members to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, and afterwards to be inserted in a new Commission to be issued in the Manner herein before directed; and the ThelrP&wws* laid Special Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine every such Information, and to pronounce Judgment thereon, according to the Effect of the Judgment of the Common Law, upon Convictions had and obtained according to the Course of the Common Law, for Extortion, or other Misdemeanor *, and also to declare the Party so convicted incapable of serving the said United Company in any Capacity whatsoever; and that such Judgment, to be pronounced by the said Special Commissioners as aforesaid, in and upon such Information, shall be good, and effectual, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that no Certiorari shall be granted, by any Court whatlo- Their Prot^d-. ever, for removing the Proceedings of the said Special Commissioners on such Information into any in8?not tobere» Court whatsoever$ and the Proceedings of the said Special Commissioners shall not be impeached, or the Jnovt(i Cerm Validity thereof questioned, in any Action or Suit, or other Proceeding, in any Court of Law or Equity l0rart* Whatsoever.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Sev«irCommlA-said Special Commissioners, or any seven or more of them (of whom one of the said three Judges, at *i°nerst° make the lead, shall always be one), tq hear and determine every such Information, and from Time to Time a Or, to adjourn, as they dial I think: fit; and in case any Number of the said Special Commissioners shall, When the Com-before the said Commission shall have been fully executed, depart this Life, or be rendered incapable of >rGoners fhmr acting, so that the Number of the said Special Commissioners shall be reduced to fix; or if all the said Deafh> *c* three Judges shall happen to die, or be rendered incapable of ailing, whilst the said Commission shall be ihe Commirt/^ depending, then, and in either of such cases, and from thenceforth, the said Commission, and the foaii rorce and Effect thereof, shall cease, and a new Commission shall be awarded for hearing the Matter of a new one such Information for which such former Commission was issued, and the Proceedings therein shall begin awarded. denovo\ save only and except with respect to the Examination or Depoikion of any Witnessis (if any) which shall have been taken in Writing under the said former Commission; which Examinations or Depositions find! and may be received and admitted as Evidence under such new. Commission.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners shall nominate and appoint a- Commissionen fit and proper Person or Persons to act as their Register or Registers in the Execution of the said Com- to appoint a R*» million; and when and so soon as the said Commission shall have been fully executed, the said Commission, and the Information and Plea, and the Judgment had thereupon, and all the Depofkions and Examinations, and other Proceedings concerning the Premises, shall be delivered over by such Register or Peg'fters unto the Clerk of the Crown in the Court of King’s Bench, to be kept and recorded in that Court.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Subpoenas requiring the At- SuHp»mfmiy tendance, before the Special Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, of any Witness or Witnesses- bc jailor th* as or on Behalf of any Person or Persons prosecuted under the Authority of this Act, may be issued out co'\.ance of the Crown Office of the Court of King’s Bench; and in case any Witness, having due Notice of UEfc!lcs* such Subpoena, shall not attend in Obedience to such Subpoena, his Non-attendance shall be deemed a Non attendant* Mi (demean or, and subject him to be indicted; and in case any such Witness shall attend, but shall refuse to be dferred to be examined, it shall and may be lawful for the said Special Commissioners to punish such Wimels M*Mem»*Do*. ty Fiae or Imprisonment, at their Discretion*

1.

49°

Commissioner may fend for Persons, Papc It, and Records 5 '

and may commit Prevaricators to tile Fleet, &Ci

The Recognisance aforesaid shall bind all the Goods of the principal Party at the Time of entering into the fame. Sec,

Where the Party shall be found guilty, and ad* judged to pay a Fine, he may be examined by Interrogatories in the Court of Exchequer as to his Estate and Effects:

If he shall not appear, or refute to answer. Sec, he shall forfeit all hit Estate, and be committed.

Depositions of Wuneffei taken in India, and transmitted to the Court of King's Bench, may be read before the Special Commissioners, and shall be. deemed competent Evidence.

Chief Justice of the King's Bench, Sc c. to deliver the Deposition, Sec, to the Lord Chancellor*

C. 25. Anno vicesimo quarto Georg. 11 III. Sess. 2.

LXXV. And be it farther enacted, That the said Special Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, and to examine all Witnesses who shall come or be brought before them uporrOath, to be takt n before them, and to cause the Examinations of such Witneil'es, if they (had so think fit, to be reduced into Writing, and to be signed and subscribed by such Witnesses respectively; and if any Person brought before the said Special Commissioners shall prevaricate in his Evidence, or shall otherwise misbehave himself before the said Special Commissioners, the said Special Commissioners shall and may, if they shall so think fit, commit such person to the Prison of the Fleet) or the Goal of Newgate, there to remain for such Time as the said Special Commissioners shall appoint, unless the said Commissioners shall order them to be released sooner, which they are hereby impowered to do; and if any such Witness shall wilfully give any false Evident^ before the said Special Commissioners, such Witness shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall and mny be indicted and punished for the same accordingly.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Recognizance to be entered into as aforesaid, shall bind the Property of all and Angular the Goods and Chattels, which were the Goods and Chattels of the principal Party entering into such Recognizance at the Time of his entering into the same, or which he shall or may acquire at any Time afterwards, and before he shall be discharged from such Recognizance; and shall also bind all Estate and Interest in all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof the said principal Party shall be seised or possessed, or whereof any Person or Persons, in Trust for the Party so entering into such Recognizance (at the Time of his entering into the same, or at any Time afterwards, and before he shall be discharged therefrom) shall be seised or possessect.

LXXVK. And be it further enacted, That where the Party against whom such Information shall have been exhibited as aforesaid shall be adjudged to be guilty of the Crime charged in such Information, and shall be adjudged to pay a Fine unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General, or for the said United Company, or other Prosecutor, to exhibit Interrogatories before the Court of Exchequer, for the Examination of the Party adjudged to pay such Fine as aforesaid, as to his Estate and Effects, sufficient to answer the same Fine; and if the said Party shall not appear, or shall refuse to answer such Interrogatories, or shall wilfully conceal any Part of his Estate or EtFefts, herein before declared to be bound by such Recognizance as aforesaid, or which shall by Law be liable to be extended in Satisfaction thereof, such Party, on his Default of Appearance before such Court, or on his Refusal to answer such Interrogatories, shall forfeit to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all and Angular his Goods and Chattels, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments Whatsoever, and shall be liable to be imprisoned in the Gaol of Newgate) or the Tower of London) for such Time as the said Court of Exchequer shall direct.

LXXVIII. And whereas the Provisions made by former Laws, for the hearing and determining c in England Offences committed in India, have been found ineffectual, by reason of the Difficulty of proving in this Kingdom Matters done there; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases of Informations laid or exhibited by virtue of this Act in the said Court of King's Bench, for Misdemeanors or Offences committed in India, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's said Court, upon Motion to be made on Behalf of his Majesty's Attorney General, or other Prosecutor, or of the Defendant or Defendants, to award a Writ or Writs of Mandamus requiring the Chief Justice and Judges of the Supreme Court at Fort William in Calcutta for the Time being, or the Judges of the Mayor's Court of any of the British Settlements in India, as the Case may require, who are hereby respectively authorised and required accordingly to hold a^Court with all convenient Speed for the Examination of Witnesses, and receiving other Proofs concerning the Matters charged in such Informations respectively; and in the mean Time to cause such publick Notice to be given of the holding the said Court, and to issue such Summons or other Process as may be requisite for the Attendance ot Witnesses, and of the Agents or Counsel of all or any of the Parties respectively, and to adjourn from Time to Time, as Occasion may require; and such Examination as aforesaid shall be then and there openly and publickly taken, viva voce, in the said Court, upon the respective Oaths of Witnesses, and the Oaths of skilful Interpreters, administered according to the Forms of their several Religions, and shall, by some sworn Officer of such Court, be reduced into one or more Writing or Writings on Parchment, in case any Duplicate or Duplicates should be required by or on Behalf of any of the Parties interested, and shall be sent to his Majesty, in his Court of King’s Bench, closed up, and under the Seals of two or more of the Judges of the said Supreme Court; and one or more of the Judges of the said Supreme Court shall deliver the same to the Agent or Agents of the Party or Parties requiring the fame; which said Agent or Agents (or, in case of his or their Death, the Person into whole Hands the same shall come) shall deliver the same to one of the Clerks in Court of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, in the publick Office, and make Oath that he received the same from the Hands of one of more of the Judges of such Court in India (or in what Manner the same came into his Hands), and that the same has not been opened or altered Ance he so received it (which said Oath such Clerk in Court is hereby authorised and required to administer); and such Depositions, being duly taken and returned, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall he allowed and read before the said Special Commissioners, and shall be deemed as good and competent Evidence as if such Witness had been present, and sworn and examined viva voce, at any Trial before the said Special Commissioners for such Crimes or Misdemeanors as aforesaid, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; end all Parties concerned shall be intitled to take Copies of such Depositions at their own Costs and Charges; and the Chief Justice of the said Court of King's Bench, or one of the Judges of the said Court, shall, with all convenient Speed after such Deposition shall have been so received, together with the said Information and Plea* ca"fe the same to be delivered over to the Lord High Chancellor* or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.

the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, who shall thereupon issue the Commission under the Great Seal, in the Manner by this Act directed.

LXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Information, or Plea, or Deposition, which by this Act is directed to be delivered over by the Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, or one of the Judges of the said Court, to the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall be Co delivered over, at any other Time than during some one of the three usual and accustomed Terms herein after mentioned; that is to say, Hilary Term, Easter Term, or Michaelmas Term.

LXXX. And in order to promote the Ends of Justice in ascertaining Facts committed at so great a Distance from this Country, by such Evidence as the Nature of the Case will render practicable;* be it further enacted, That in all Proceedings upon fuel) Information as aforesaid, as well the Depositions taken under such Commission or Commissions, after the Publication thereof, as also all Writings which shall have been transmitted from the East Indies' to the Court of Directors of the said United Company, by their Officers or Servants resident in the East Indies, in the usual Course of their Correspondence with the said Court of Directors, and Copies of all Writings which shall have been transmitted by the said Court of Directors, or by any Committee thereof, to the Officers and Servants of the said Uhited Company resident in the East Indies, and which in aqy Manner relate to the Subject Matter of the Charge to be contained in such Information, or to the Defence to be made thereto, may be admitted by the said Commissioners to be offered in Evidence, and shall not be deemed inadmissible or incompetent, unless upon Objections arising from the Nature of the Contents of the said Writings; luhjed nevertheless to be impeached, in Point of Credibility, by such Observations and Objrdiions as the Nature of such Evidence, or other Circumstances, may fuggest; any Rule of the Common Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of King’s Bench shall have Power and Authority, at the Prayer of his Majesty's Attorney General, or other Prosecutor, or of the Party agflnft whom such Information shall be exhibited, to order 211 Examination de bene effe, of WifndTe^ upon Interrogatories to be had and taken before an Examiner to be by them appointed for that Purpose, or by Commission, as the Ca!e shall require, and to cause the Depositions of such Witnesses to be puMtlhcd, when the same shall appear to them to be proper and necessary; and which Depositions shall be aftei wards admitted to be read in Evidence before the said Commissioners, and shall be deemed good and fufikient Evidence in the Law as afuesaid; saving alj just Exceptions to be taken to such Depositions, when the same shall be offered to be read as aforesaid.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prosecution in consequence of this Act shall be commenced, unless within the Space of three Years after the Return of the Patty prosecuted into Great Britain, or within three Years after the Delivery of the Inventory or Particular required by this Act.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or affect the Rights or Claims of the Publick, or the said United Co.n-papy, respecting the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take place and have Commencement, in Great Britain, immediately after the same shall have receiveJ his Majesty's Royal A leut .; and so all take place and have Commencement, in the several Presidencies aforesaid, and in the Tenitories there-' unto belonging, from the fit ft Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

[Publick Act.]

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, and shall be deemed and taken to be a

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorises the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes.

WHEREAS by

An Act to enable

for the Choice of Alt. w _ j

of Parliament; and also by "mother Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act, and for enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons to make out new limits for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room of such Members as Jhalty during the Recess of Parliament, become Peers of Great Britain, and he summoned to Parliament, and for other the b therein mentioned; several Provisions were made for enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown to make out new Writs for electing Members of the House of Commons, in the Room of such Members as should happen to die, or become Peers of Great Britain, at the Times, in the Manner, and under the Rtftridlions in the said several Acts mentioned: And whereas the said Acts have been found highly advantageous to the Publick, by causing speedy Elections of Members of the House of Commons, and it is therefore expedient that the Provisions therein contained should be further extended, and fre^l from.certain of the Rest;i£tions ,n. the said Acts particularly specified, and also that some further Provisions should be nude for car-*y*n8 the said Powers into Execution* in the Cases of the Death of the Speaker of the House of

491

Restri^ion ?t to I he Delivery thereof,

Wilting* re* ceived by the Court of Di. rectors from fn* d’t.i, and Copies of Writings ft-nt by the Court to their Servants thei e, relative to the Charge in the Inform ation, &c. may be ad. muted by U.e Corm,iHiOnen ai evidence.

Court of King’s B-i ch, i.t the Prayer of the Pro Jl* tut or, Arc. may urcer m Examination of Wirm fles u[ on

I"' rrogatorics, Stc,

Limiration of Prosecutions,

Net to aff. £> the CJai rs resprdi. i’ig the leirito-rialAcquifititM,

Commen cement

or tms A tt.

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble.]

Recital of 10 Geo. 3. Cap. 41*

and 15 Geo. Cap. 36.

49*

The recited A<fl of ro Geo. III, repealedj and Part of 15 Geo. 3.Cap. 36.

Speaker to issue his Warrant, Coring a Rccefs, for making out Writs for electing Members in the Room of those who shall die, or become Peers of Great Britain,

Certificates of Vacancies to be notified in the Gazette,

Certain Redactions on the Speaker relative to issuing hit, Warrant*

Speaker to au* thoiife a certain Number of Members of the House ot Com-jpors to execute the Powers given to him by this Act.

When such Number shall be r-duced to less th^n three, a new Appointment to be made#

Appointment to be entered in the Journals of the House, and

In what Cafrt only such Fer-fens are 'mpow-eied to ad.

Publisher of the Gazette to give Receipt for ftUtiui.

‘C. 26. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. SeiTT 2;

Commons for the Time being, or of his Seat in Parliament becoming vacant, or of his Absence out of the Realm; and it would be also convenient that the Provisions contained in the said two several Acts of Parliament, and of this Act, should be reduced into one Act of Parliament, and that, for that Purpose,

those Provisions contained in the said two several Acts (hculd.bc repealed;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and (Jonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Lme, That from aid after the passing of this Act, the said Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also so much of the said Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present M.jdty, as enables the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed,

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, during any Recess of the said House, whether by Prorogation or Adjournment, and he is hereby required to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for eleding a Member of the House of Commons in the Room of any Member of the said House who dial) happen to die, or who shall become a Peer of Great Britain, either during the said Recess, or previous thereto, as soon as he shall receive Notice, by a Certificate, under the Hands-of two Members of the House of Commons, of the Death of such Member, in the first Case; aid in the second Case, that a Writ of Summons hath been issued, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to summon such Peer to Parliament; which Certificate may be in the Form, or to the EiTed, comprized in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Speaker of the House of Commons shall forthwith, after his receiving such Certificate, cause Notice thereof to be inserted in the London Gazette, and shall not issue his Warrant until fourteen Days after the Insertion of such Notice in the Gazette:

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrant for the Purposes aforesaid, unless the Return of the Writ (by virtue of which such Member deceased, or become a Peer of Great Britain, was elected) shall have been brought into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, fifteen Days at the lead before the End of the last Sitting of the House of Commons, immediately preceding the Time when such Application shall be made to the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue such Warrant as aforesaid; nor unless Inch Application Dull be made so long before the then next Meeting of the House of Commons for the Difjutdi of Refined, as that the Writ for the Election may be issued before the Day of such next Meeting of the House of Commons; nor in case such Application shall be made with rel'pcd to any Seat in the House of Commons which shall have been vacated in either of the Methods before-mentioned, by any Member of that House against whose Election or Return to serve in Parliament a Petition was depending, at the Time of the then last Prorogation of Parliament, or Adjournment of the House of Commons.

V. And whereas the due Execution of this Act may be prevented or impeded by t%e Death of the c Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, or by his Scat in Parliament becoming vacant,

or by his Absence out of the Realm, for which Inconveniences it is expedients p ovide a Remedy V be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the present Speaker of the House of Commons, and he is hereby required, within a convenient Time after the passing of this Act, and for every future Speaker of the House of Commons, and he is hereby required uitain a convenient Time after he shall be in that Office, at the Beginning of any Parliament, by any Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to nominate and appoint a certain Numbered Persons, not more than seven, nor less than three, Members of the House of Commons at the Time being, thereby ai> thorizing them, or any one of them, to execute all and Angular th* Powers given to me Sp:aker of the House of Commons for the Time being, for bluing such Warrants as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, subj *ct nevertheless to such Regulations and Exceptions as are herein a’f) contained; which Instrument of Appointment and Authority (hill, notwithstanding the Death of the Speaker of the House of Commons making and executing the same, or the vacating his Seat in Parliament, continue and remain in full Force until the Dissolution of the Parliament in which it shall be made.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever and as often as the said Number of Perform, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, by Death, or by their Seats in Krlumtin being vacated, hzppca to be reduced to less than three, it shall and may be lawful for the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Eiine being to make a new Appointment in the Manner herein-bekue directed.

VII. Provided also, That every such Appointment shall be enured in the Journals of the Hou fe of Commons, and be also published once in the London Gazette; and the Instrument of f 1:h Appointment shall be preserved by the Clerk of the House of Commons, and a Duplicate thereof shall be filed in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery.

published in the Gazette.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con ft rued to extend, to give any Power or Authority whatsoever to any Person so to be nominated and at‘pointed as aforesaid, except in the Case of there being no Speaker of the House of Commons, or of his being absent out of the Realm, nor for any longer Time than such Person, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall continue a Member of the House of Commons; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Publisher of the Gazette for the Time being, when any such Notice as aforesaid of the bluing of any such Warrant shall be brought to him, signed by any Person so appointed as aforesaid, shall give a Receipt for the same, specifying the Day and Hour when the same was received; and in caie more than one such Notice dial I be hrought to him, relative to the same Election, such Pub-iiflier shall insert in the Gazette only the Notice full received.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1784.

C. 37. 493-

SCHEDULE.

lffE whose Karnes are underwritten. Icing two Members of the House of Commons, do hereby certify, That M. P. late a Member of the said House, serving as one of the Knights of the Shire for the County^ 4 of [or as the Case may bej died upon the Day of [or is become a Peer of Great Britain, and that a IPrit of Summons hath been issued, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to summon him to Parliament'], [as the Case may be]; and we give you this Notice, to the Intent‘ that you may tjfue your IP arrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight to serve in Parliament for the said County of [or as the Case maybe] in the Room of the said M. P.

Given under our Hands, this Day of

To the Speaker of the House of Commons/

J*Jote, That in case there shall be no Speaker of the House of Commons, $r of his Alfence out of the Pealm% fuel) Certificate may be a ddr fit d to any one of the Persons appointed according to the Directions of this Act.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects , the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Pxeunbki assembled, towards railing, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional Duty hetein-after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fourth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred From Sept. 4, and eighty four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, 1784, an Mi» his Heirs and Successors, from all and every Person or Persons now licensed, or hereafter to be licensed, tiorui weekly todiive or keep a Hackney Coach, or Coach Horses, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or the f.0

Suburbs of the same, or within the Parishes comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the fur- Hackney Coach ther or additional Weekly Duty or Sum of five Shillings, of lawful Money of Great Britain, for each Licence* and every such Coach so licensed; to be paid monthly from the said fourth Day of September, one thou- Dut sand seven hundred and eighty-feur, without any Deduction or Abatement for any Matter, Cause, or monthly* Thing whatsoever: And that all Powers, Provisoes, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and provision9 of all other Matters and Things, prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating former Arts re-to such Hackney Coaches, or the Owners, Renters, or Drivers thereof, shall be of full Force and Effect lative to icvyinf with relation to the additional weekly Duty or Sum hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in the Duty, &c. Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing, the said additional weekly Duty hereby im- ^nded to posed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if # the same had severallyand respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said additional weekly Duty hereby imposed.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That when any of the Licences already granted Licences to t* to Hackney Coachmen shall, by Death, Resignation, or otherwise,^ become void, it shall and may be granted in future lawful for the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, or any Three of under Payment them, to grant such Licences anew to any Person or Persons, under Payment as well of the weekly Rent of los* wtckly of five Shillings, reserved by such Licences, as of the said additional weekly Rent, and with such Co- Rcnc* tenants. Conditions, and Provisoes, therein to be inserted, for the more effectual Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, in their Discretion, shall think fit.

III. And whereas it frequently happens that the Owners of Hackney Coach Licences negle£i or re- if Owner* of fuse to attend the said Commissioners with his, her, or their Drivers/ be it further enacted by the Hackney Coach. Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner of any such licensed Coach shall neglect or rcfitfe to appear be* cs negle<a to ap. fore the Lid Commissioners, upon any Complaint exhibited before them, and with his proper Driver, upon Lear be.f£re the the third Summons left at the usual Place of Abode of such Owner entered with the said Commissioners, up^thcThTri it shall and may be lawful for the Lid Commissioners, upon such Neglect or Refusal of Appearance of Summons, their the said Owner, to revoke such Hackney Coach Licence, and to license another Person in the Room of Licenses maj be such (Kvner. revoked,

t 4. IV- And whereas by r.n Act, made in the ninth Year of the Rei;>n of her late Majesty Queen Rt ;ta| a* t (intituled, An Act for licens.ngand regulating Hackney Coaches and and for charging certain new 9 Am* Cjp.

Duties on damped helium, Parchments and Pager, and on Cards and Dice, and on of Rock 23;

Suit for Ireland } and for securing thereby, and by a weekly Payment out and by several

t Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty-six thousand six hundred and /evenly Pounds,

D' thirty-two Years, to be off lied to the Satisfaction of such as are therein mentioned, to the -

tutors of any Sum not exceeding two Millions, to be ratjed for carrying on the JVart and other her

Se/r. 2.

494

*nd 7 Geo. of 44.

Part of the recited ASi repealed.

From Sept. 4, 1784, Hackney Conlimen inti-tlc^ to the fol* lo^in^ Faresi *>,cc!itit9

One Mile and a Half, 1 s.

Net exceeding two miiss,

IS. <5J. I Anti To increasing 6d. for every half Mile.

Tor the /irft Hour, it. 6 d.t

And for every Hour a Her,

2 s. 6 d.

For a Day of 12 Hours, 14s. 6d.:

nd for every Hour exceeding 22, 19. 6d.

The rew Fj'«s to be recovered in the same Manner as the ior r.er onci. Persons t^ki.)R out new Lu n ces to be fub;e& to the ft Orders, F na’ ies, as heie-tofore:

Kxcept, fire.

Rc i.il nf a Cfaufc in Act j Geo. 1. Cap.

57

C. 27.’ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Occasions); and by another Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled An

Adf for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance\ and for reducing the Allowance to be made in resptft of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs); the several Fares or Rates to be taken by Hackney Coachmen, their Renters or Drivers, are enumerated and set down: And whereas, the better to enable such Hackney Coachmen, and their Renters, to pay such additional Rent or impost, it is thought expedient, that the Persons already licensed, or hereafter to be licensed, to drive or keep such Hackney Coaches, should have, take, and receive, for their Hire, at and after the Rates herein after mentioned be it therefore further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fourth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, so much of the said Ate of the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and also so much of the said Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of Iks present Majesty, as appoints or enumerates the bares or Rates to be taken by Hackney Coachmen, their Renters or Drivers, shall, from the said fourth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be, and the same are hereby repealed: And that, from after the said fourth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, every Person who is or shall be licensed by the said Commissioners, or the mijor Part of them, to drive, keep, and let to hire, by the Hour or Day, or otherwise, any Hackney Ccach, with fiorfts and Geldings, or Mares, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs of the same, or within the Parities or Places comprized within the weekly Bills of Mortality, or any other Place or Places, where to, by any of the Laws nowin being, such Hackney Coaches are compellable to go, or any Person legally acting under such licensed Person, shall be intitled to, and may demand, receive, and take, for the Hire of any such Hackney Coach, the Rates and Fares herein after mentioned; (that is to say)

For every Distance within and not exceeding one Mile and four Furlongs, the Sum of Twelve pence:

And for every further Distance within and not exceeding four Furlongs (computed as beyond the said fi;ft mentioned Distance of one Mile and Four Fmlongs), the Sum of Sixpence;

And in like Manner for any further Distance, within and not exceeding four Furlongs beyond the said second Distance, the like Sum of Sixpence; and so in like Manner the Sum of Sixpence for every further DifDnce, within and not exceeding four Furlongs, to be computed through the whole Distance which such Coach shall be driven or go.

And as respecting the Time during which such Coach shall be employed, for the first Period of Time, not exceeding one Hour, the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence:

And for any Time within and not exceeding an Hour, to be computed from the Expiration of the said first Hour, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence; and in like Manner for any Time within and not exceeding an Hour, the further Sum of one Shilling and six Pence; to be computed through the whole Time during which such Coach shall he engaged or employed:

And for a Day’s Work or Hire, reckoning twelve Hours to the Day, the Sum of fourteen Shillings and six Pence:

And for any Time exceeding the said twelve Hours, at and after the Rate of one Shilling and six Pence for the lift Period of Time, not exceeding one Hour, to be computed from the End of the said twelve Flours; and for any Time within and not exceeding an Hour, to be computed from the Expiration of the said first Hour after the said twelve Hours, the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence; and in like Manner for any Time within and not exceeding an Hour, the further bum of one Shilling and six Pence, to be computed through the whole Time during which such Coach shall be engaged or employed exceeding the said twelve Hours.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Rates and Fares for Hire, herein-before mentioned, shall and may be recovered in the like Manner as the Fares settled by the said reefed A eft of the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, are by Law recoverable.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons now licensed, or hereafter to be licented, shall be ful^ect and liable to all the Orders, Rules, Regulations, Bye-laws, Penalties, Matters, and Things, as are, or at any Time heretofore have been lawfully prefenbed in relation to any Persons fcenftd to keep or drive Hackney Coaches, and the Renters of fm h Licences, and Drivers of such Coaches, before the making of this present Act (except such Parts thereof as are hereby repealed).

VII. And whereas a Doubt has arisen whether, under and by virtue of a Clause in an Act made in the fit ft Year of the Reign of h s late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for better regulating Hackney Coaches* Carts, Drayss Cars, and Waggons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly Hills of Mortality; and for preventing mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon J such Carts,

Drays, Cars, and Waggons), any Person driving a Mourning Coach or Hearse to a Funeral within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Subuibs of the same, or within the Parishes or Places comprized within the weekly Bills of Mortality, are subject and liable to the Penalties ami Forfeitures created by any of the Laws now in being for keeping or driving a Hackney Coach or Coach Horses for Hire, without a Licence from the said Commissioners, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

from

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27, 28. 495

from and after the said fourth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any Person shall drive a Mourning Coach or Hearse to any Funeral within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs of the Lme, or within five Miles of Temple-bar in the said City of London, except the same shall have a Nu nber fixed on the Fore-standard of such Mourning Coach or Hearse, fhtwing it to be a licensed Coach or Hearse let to hire, and information shall be given to the said Commissioners of such Fact, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to summon the Party driving such Mourning Coach or Hearse before them, and, on Default of such Party appearing on such Summons before the said Commissioners, the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to proceed against him, her, or them; and although no express Hiring shall be proved, it shall bs deemed and adjudged a Driving for Hire, and the Party offending shall forfeit for such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such and the same Manner as by any of the Laws now in being are directed concerning the Penalty or Forfeiture for driving an Hackney Coach for Hire without Licence.

VIII. And whereas great Inconvenicncirs have ari(en from the irregular Behaviour of Carmen, Draymen, and other Persons driving Carts, Drays, and other such Carriages, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark) and other Streets, High- ways, and Places thereto near adjoining, by their mifufing and hindering the Pafljge of his Majesty's Subjects in the said Streets and Highways, and committing other Disorders of the like Kind: And whereas a Doubt has arisen whether, under and by virtue of any of the Laws now in being, the Owners of any Carts, Cars, Drays, or other such Carriages, belonging to Persons residing out of the Bills of Mortality, although within the adjoining Places to the said Cities of London or Westminster and the Borough of Southwark, ought to enter their Names and Places of Abode with the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fourth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall drive any Ca:t, Car, Dray, or other such Carriage, within the said Cities of London or Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and other Streets and Places within the Bills of Mortality, or five Miles of Temple bar in the said City of London, except the Owner of such Cart, Car, Dray, or other such Carriage, shall have entered his Name and Place of Abode with the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches; and shall, upon some conspicuous Part of tuch Cart, Car, Dray, or other Carriage, have the Name of the Owner of such Cart, Car, Dray, or other such Carriage, and the Number of such Cart, Car, Dray, or other such Carriage belonging to him, in order thallhe Driver of such Cart, Car, Dray, or other such Carriage, may be the more eahly convicted for any Lhiorder or Mi/be-haviour committed by him as aforesaid; and in case of such Neglect or Refusal of Entry, and affixing such Number on such Cait, Car, Dray, or other such Carriage, the Owner or Driver of such Cart, Car, Dray, or odicr such Carriage, Jo residing and driven within five Miles of Temple-bary shall be subject and liable to all the Penalties and Forfeitures created by any Laws now in being relative to such Owners or Drivers of Carts, Cars, Drays, or other such Carriages, within the said Cities of London or Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and other Streets within the Bills of Mortality; which shall or may be recovered and applied in such Manner as such Forfeitures and Penalties are by Law now recoverable from the Owners of such Carts, Cars, Drays, or other such Carriages, so driven within the said Cities of London or Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and other btreets within the TfiiJs of Mortality.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said additional weekly Duty, or Sum of Money (the necefLry Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, diffindtly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies aiding from the said additional Duty imposed by this Act, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several and respective Annuiies, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an At\ of this preffnt Session of'‘Parliament (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for eUabdjhinz* Lottery).

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General IHue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for authorising the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty's Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty for taking the French Frigate called L'Amazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

From Sept.

M84. any Person driving a Mourning Coach or Hearse, whh-in Five Miles of Ttmp.V.bar, without a Number properly. fixed (hereon, may be summoned before the Comm fliomrs, and fined 51.

From Sept. 4, J784, no Perlof* shall drive any Cart, Dray, dec* within five Miles of Temple bar, or in the Bills of Mortality, except the Ownef shall have entered his Name and Place of Abode at the Hackney Coach Office j

end shall affix his Name, and the Number of the Carriage, or* some conspicuou® Part thereof*

Penalty 01* Oflenuers*

Additional weekly Duty f* be paid into the Exchequer, and entered in a Book separate from all others*

Application

thereof*

Defendants may plead the Ce- t neral I flue.

and have Ttslb Coil a*

CL 29, 30

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Scir.

496

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also for revesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble, reciting Arts zo Geo. III. Cap. 38; and 21 Geo. III. Cap. 61. All the Land*?, Tenements, CV. ic in the recited Acts mentioned to be situate in Devonshire and Cornwall, and vefad in Sir Fletcher No? ton, 41 ifc. (except as herein mentioned) shall be diverted out of the said Sir Fletcher Norton, CV. and re-vested in the former Proprietors thereof. Recital of Arts 22 Geo. III. Cap. and 23 Geo. III. Cap. 87. All the Lands, Tenements, ifc. in the recited Acts 22 and 23 Geo. III. mentioned to be situate in Hampshire, and vested in the Right Honourable Jl'olfran Cornwall, ifc. Ih Ji be rc-tdled in the former Proprietors thereof. Certain Pieces of Land, ifc. in the Pariill of Aherjhke, in the County of South- ampton; and in the Parishes of Titchftfd and Roivner, in the same County; and certain other Pieces of Land, ifc. situate in the Parish of Maker, in Devonshire\ verted in Truth cs. Reasonable Compensation to be made to the Proprietors out of the next parliamentary Aids. His Majesty impowered by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to appoint Commissioners to determine Cla:rns to the said €t Lands, ifc. Judgments and Decrees of Commissioners to b: entered in Rook^, if c. Copies thereof to be laid before both Houses of Parliament. Commissioners to ittue their Warrants to Sheriffs to summon Juries; who are to inquire into the Value of Lands, C7. Sheriffs cr their Officers or Jurors making Default may be fined. In case a sufficient Jury shall not appear upon Retuin of the Warrant, Commissioners may adjourn the Inquest, and lssue their Warrant for summoning other Jurors in Room of Defaulters. Commissioners, afte r the Inquert shall be taken, may adjourn, £5\. Commissioners to give Notice previous to their respective Meetings. On Payment of the Sums alii (fed by Jury, ifc. Trustees to be deemed seised of the Premises for toe Use of his Majesty. Surveyors of the Highways for the Parish o( Alverstoke, and their Workmen, tfc. irr po\ve;ed to enter upon Lands set cut as a 44 Road, and to take Gravel from the Sea Shore. Officers of Ordnr.ncc, before jfxn. 1, 178;, in a written Declaration, to specify the particular verted Lands, Uc. which will be wanted for the Purposes aforesaid. And all the Lands not so specified shall be re-vetted in the former P roprietors. Clause relative to Lands, ifc. wanted only for restraining the Proprietors from building thereon. Lands to be purchased in pursuance of this Art, shall be liable to the ufmi Tithes and Taxes: To be paid by the Store-keeper of the Ordnance. Profits aiifing from the Lands to be expended on the Fortifications. Proprietors of Lands, hereby re-vested, to be reimbursed their Expence.% ifc. in consequence of the recited Act 21 Geo. III. Recital of 2.0 Geo III, Crp. 49* Lands and Tenements in Chatham, ifc. taken Porteflion of for his Majesty's Use, to be liible to Tithes, Lind Tax, if c. as heretofore. Such Tithes, ifc. to be paid by the Storekeeper of the Ordnance. Proprietors of Lands, tfc. in Hampshire, to be reimbursed Damages in consequence of the Act 22 Geo. III. Commissioners not liable to the Penalties mentioned in Acts 25 Car. II, Cap. 2; 1 IF. if M Op. VIII; .1, if it U\ Cap. 6; 44 1 Geo. I, Cap. 13. Commissioners not disqualified from being Members of Parliament."

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

eflary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences,

[Preamble.]

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towarvls raising the neccu^iy

have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duty herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that if iiuy be cnart.d ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afllmbled, an 1 by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, tht.re flnll be, throughout the Kingdom of

Jrom Sept t, 3784, an additional Duty of 90 s. 6 d. to be paid for every Licence for retailing Ale, Beer, &c.

The new Doty to be under the Management of the Commissionert ot Stamp-

utia.

thereupon.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforeTiJ, That for the better and more effvrtual levying, collecting, and pay ng, the said Duty herein-before granted, the same shall be uncier the Government, Care, and Management of the Cmnrnilfinn's for the i ime being, appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby requited and impowered to employ the necefLry Officers unde r them for that Purpose, and to use anh provide such Stamps to denote the said Duty as shall he requifue in that Rehalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution wich relation to the said Duty herein-before

granted,

Good

457

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31.

granted, in the like, and rn as full and ample Manner, as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That tire fame Allowance shall be made, on present Payment of the several Duties granted by this A£>, in such Manner as by any former Law, relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, is directed and allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as the Commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, arc, by any former Law relating to damped Vellum, Parchment, or Pc per, directed to be altered or renewed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose c»f denoting the Duties by this Act granted; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Imprtffion of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the said Duty; or shall privately or fraudulen'ly use any Se.d, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used-by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the said Duty; every Person fb of ending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, DTiihution of Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and things prescribed or appointed by any former Aor Acts of Pailument, relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, an J Paper, shall be of full Force and E fie it with relation to the Ddty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said Duty hereby imposed, according to the tiue Intent and Meaning of tftis A6ly as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had AvcraHy and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Duty hereby imposed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty herein-before granted shall be p Ad from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver Genet al for the Time being of the Duties on jhmpcd Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and d.flinci Account thereof, and pay the same, (the r.ect (Tary Cha.-ges of railing, paying, and recounting for the same being deducted) into the Pv ectipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and Jcept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a 13 )ok or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty, ard paid info the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies p ud and payable to his Majesty, his Hers and Successors, upon any Account wlutfcever; and the find Money, (o paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Ratos, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the llvcrai Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present Sessiort of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for rfifng a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery).

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be lucd, mulefted, or pro.tcuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of rmv Chief:, Matter, or Thing lurein contained, (u:h Person and Persons shall and may pic. d th; G.-nc al 'lllnc, ami g:ve the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs flu!] become nonfai'ed, tiien such Defendant or Defendants shall have Tteble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE* your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the r.iccffiry Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick E.xpeners, have ficely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the new Duties herein after ‘mentioned; and do most humbly beftech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by flje King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords S]>iritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, ur.to and for the Vie of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

Every Person who shall keep and use any Plorfe, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaile, or any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name iueh Carriage is now or hereafter may be called or known (for or in refj.ct whereof

AKowisee to k*> fntde on prompt Payment*

Stamps may b*r alfered or rent wed.

Penalty or*' counterfeiting. Sumps, &c*-

Provl/Tons 0^ former Stamp Acts to be in Force in execute* ing this All.

Duty to be pill? to the Receiver General of Sump-dutief,

2nd by him paitf* into the Exchequer,

A Bock to be provided by the* Auditor of the Exchequer, for entering the Duty it pa ate from all others# Application thereof*

Defendants- maf>

plead the Gene-.

r*l lilue.

and shall haver

Twble Coib*.

Pifarr.L'*

From S^pt, 2 <7,

17^1, the foj-lnwir-g Duties t<j*-to his

M'jeHy; W-.

For every

Hur'e, Coach

Horse,

yearly S«m ©£.'

[C

49s

For every H( rre

enteredtr» tun for

a Plate, x 1. s» Every licrnled Hosfc Dealer with:n the Bills of Mortal: v, or JVrojph of Snutl'ivjrl, 101. fer /inn, t An<\ every such

Dealer w.t!><Jut

the said Limits,

s'- -

Df-t’es to be under the Mao <ge-Tnent of the Commi Bin tiers U Sump-duties.

Commissioner9 may grant Licences to Horie Dealers*

Licences to be renewed annually.

Certain Words to be wn te or patoted on the Fiont of the Hmife or Stables of every Horle Dealer,

on Penalty of 51.

Two Cuine s to be paid previous to the entering my Borfe to run lor a Plate,

©n Penalty of

ao 1.

Penalty on Cie k of the tourse, &c.

negltOing to account with Distributor of 5>uu»p*.

C. 31a Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

any Rare or Duty, under the Management of Commissioners of the Excise, now is or are made payable by any Statute now in Force), shall yield and pay annually, for every such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, the

Sum of ten Shillings:

For every Horse, lVlare, or Gelding, entered to dart or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, of other Thing whatsoever, the further Sum of two Pounds, two Shillings:

That every Person exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, within the Cities of London and J'Pe/lminjhr^ the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey^ and who dull take out a Licence to use and exercise the Did Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of ten Pounds:

And every Person exercising the said Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, without the Cities of London and llljhnlnder^ the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey^ and who shall takeout a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, the Sum of five Pounds.

II. And, for the better and more effectually ralfing, levying, collecting, and paying the said Duties hereinbefore granted,’ be it enacted, That the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are h:rcby required and impowered to employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as shall be need]ary, and to provide and use such Masks or Sramos as they {lull think fit to denote the Duty, and to repair, renew, and aher the same from Time to Tune as they shall he Occasion, and to do all other Matters and Things necessary to be done for putting this in Execution with relation to the said Duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner, as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any of the Laws now in being concerning Ramped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners, appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Li< cnees to such Persons who shall apply for the same, to use and exercise the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer in any City, Town, or other Place with n Great Britain, for the Space of one Year, to commence from the said Twenty'ninth Day of Seftember^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that Day; and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence; and all and every Person and Persons, who shall take out such Licence for using and exercising the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, shall, in order to be exempted from the Duty hereby imposed on any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, kept and used by him, take out a frcfh Licence for another Year, ten Days at lead before the Expira ion of that Year for which he shall have been so licensed, if he shall continue to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer; and shall, in like Manner, renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due on such Licences, as long as he shall continue to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, and who shall have taken out a Licence for that Purpose, shall cause the Words Licensed to deal in Hcrjes, to be paimed or written in large and legible Characters, either on a Sign hung out, or on some visible Place in the Front of his or their‘House, Gateway, or Stables, at the respe>ltive Places at which he or th?y keep such Horse* for Sale, to denote that such Person is a Dealer in Horse*, and licensed for that Purpose; and if any Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to fell any Hoi fe without fixing or hanging out such Token as aforesaid, every licensed Horse Dealer so offending dial I, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is di reified.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Owner of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, entered to dart or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, shall, previous to the entering or darting such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, pay the Sum of two Pounds, two Shillings, as the Duty for one Year; which said Money shall be paid, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, into the Hands of the Clerk of the Course, Book-keeper, or other Person authorisud to make the Entry of such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, being to dart or run for such Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, as aforesaid; and if any Owner of such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall, previous to the darting, neglect or refuse to pay the said Sum of two Pounds, two Shillings, for such Entrance, to the Clerk of the Course, Bookkeeper, or oilier Person authorised to make the Entry as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of every such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as herein after is directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Course, Book-keeper, or other Person, so receiving the said Sum of two Pounds, two Shillings, as Entrance Money, shall, within fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof, give an Account of all Monies received by him for Horses so entered to dart as aforesaid, to the Distributor of Stamps in the County where the Race was run, upon Demand made by such Distributor for the same, and producing his Appointment as Distributor under the Hands and Seals of three of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp-duties; and in case of not accounting for and paying the same, he shall, for every Default, in not delivering such Accounts, pay the Sum of

2

499

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31.

Pounds; and for every Default of Payment of the Monies due on such Accounts, forfeit and pay Double the Amount of the Monies due on the said Accounts at the Time of such Default.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Head Distributors of Stamps, to whom such Money Allowmcetoke

shall be paid as aforesaid, shall make an Allowance of one Shilling in the Pound to such Clerk of the to the

Course, Book-keeper, or other Person as aforesaid, for all Monies so accounted for and paid by him to of *he

such Distributor as aforesaid. Cour e' &c’

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the said am Petfom

twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall keep and use any keying Horse# Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage sub- ,ia^s to the test to the Duty of Excise as herein-before is mentioned, for his, her, or their own Use, or the Use of any wirhm Person of or for whom he, she, or they is, are, or shall be Committees, Trustees, or Guardians, if

living in London or Westminster^ or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall, within Aail give Notice

twenty Days after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, or within ten Days after he or she shall begin thereof to the to keep and use such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for riding or drawing as aforesaid, and so, from Time St*mp'°^cc»

to Time, within ten Days after beginning to keep and use any other such Horse for riding or drawing §"*

respectively, not being in the Place or Stead of any former one kept and used by him or her, and of

which Notice has been given as aforesaid, and Payment for the same, give Notice in Writing at the Head

Office in London for stamping and marking of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, of his, her, or their keeping and using the same, and of the Number of such Horses so by him, her, or them respectively kept and used as aforesaid, and of the Parish or Place where he, she, or they respectively reside, and shall at the same Time paydown the respective annual Duties so imposed as aforesaid for keeping the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the said And all Persont twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall keep and use any Japing such such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for riding or drawing, as aforesaid, hereby charged with the said Duty, 0therCp«r?of* for his or her own Use, or for the Use of any Person of or for whom he, she, or they shall be Committees, Crtat Trustees, or Guardians, in any other Part of Great Britain, shall, within thirty Days after the said than give Notice twenty-ninth Day of September, or within twenty Days after he, she, or they shall begin to keep and use thereof to the such Horse so hereby directed to be charged with the said Duty, and from Time to Time, within ten Days ^r,bu* after beginning to keep and use any other such Horse for riding or drawing respectively, not being in the &c! ^nd p^the Place or Stead of some former one kept and used by him, and of which Notice has been given as afore- Duties to them, said, and Payment made for the same, give Notice in Writing to the Head Distributors of Stamps in each County, or to their Deputies residing next to the Place where such Person or Persons, for whose Use the same shall be so kept, shall respectively inhabit, of his, her, or their keeping the same, and of the Number of such Horses so by him, her, or them respectively kept and used as aforesaid, and of the Parish or Place where he, she, or they respectively reside, and shall at the same Time pay down the respective annual Duties so imposed, as aforesaid, for the keeping the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall give, 6r be obliged Persons keeping to give, such Notice as aforesaid, is and are hereby required, at or within twenty Days after the Ex- Horses liable to piration of twelve Calendar Months after the Times of giving, or being obliged to eive such first Notice, give No.*0 to give a fresh Notice in Manner aforesaid, and pay down the respective annual Duties above-men- tice*, and pay* tioned, according to the Number of such Horses so by him, her, or them respectively then kept, and the Duties sain the same Manner to renew such Notice, and make such Payment from Year to Year, as long as he, (he, nvAliy,

or they shall so keep any such Horses as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall so keep any such Horse or Horses, liable to the said Duty as aforesaid, without giving such first or other Notice, and making such Payments yearly in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, so kept and used by him, her, or them, and of which no Notice shall have been given, and Penaitf» Payment made as aforesaid respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds for each Offence.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Person as aforesaid shall be compelled No Person need to travel for the making such Entry, or the Payment of the said Duties, if he or she live in a Market f^thTnel't m*" Town, out of the said Town, or if he or she live out of a Market Town, then to no other Place than ket Town for* to the Market Town neared to his or her Habitation* making Entry,

8c c.

XII. And. for the better securing the Duty hereby imposed,* be it further enacted, That the several ParishColUftor. Collectors of the Duties on Windows in every Parish within Great Britain shall, and they are hereby di- of Dude* on teSed to make out fair and correct Lifts, in Writing, of the Names of all the Persons residing within Wl"dow* *» their respective Parishes liable to the Payment of the Duties on Windows, together with the Number of tut/cf pKj Windows for which each Person is charged with the said Duty, and to deliver the same to the Distributor liable to the of Stamps, or his Deputy, residing in the nearest Market Town in the same County where such Parish ,nj

shall lie, who shall pay to such Collector the Sum of two Shillings for every hundred Names con- dell,;er the same tained in such Lifts, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Names; and if such Collector shall Di/tnbu-jefufe or neglect to return such Lifts signed by him, or shall deliver in any fraudulent or fiaitious Lift, 0BPeiuWsU he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIII-^ And be it further enacted, That the Head Distributor of Stamps,^or his Deputy, jo whom Distrihotor of

1 n - " TTT ' A Stamps to call.

on all such Per* tons who hate Oot rendered any Horse, *c. and demand the Duty, &c.

|«cn Lifts shall be delivered by such Collector of the Duties on Windows, shall call at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode of every Person contained in such Lift, who shall not have registered any wfe, Mare, or Gelding, liable to the Duty hereby imposed, and shall make a Demand of the Duty, if any such be due; and if any Person shall refuse to pay the same after such Demand made, and shall be convicted of having kept and used any Horse,

V01. XIV. Part IV, F

Mare, or Gelding, liable to the Duty hereby imposed, T t t such

5°Q

Karnes of the Person a paying the Duty, and the Number paid for, &c, to be entered ia a Register. Receipts to be giren on Payment of the Duties.

To what Horsei thh A a shall extend.

Copiet of Re-

gi fieri to be affixed on Church Doors.

Penalty on de* facing ihem.

Clause rehtive to Persona who ketp Horset at divers Placet of Residence.

Penalties hoar lobe divided.

Any neighbouring Justice may determine Offences against this AO.

'Penalties may b« levitd by Distrefa; pr the Offender

committed.

Persons aggrieved mxv appeal to Quarter Scfliooa.

PerDns fim-

mooe-l to appew it Witnessea fh«U> on Default, for feit40ii

Q. 31.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

BeK

2.

such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered *nd applied as herein after is directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Payment of the said Duties so hereby granted at the said Head Office of Stamps in London^ or to the respective Offices in the Country, by the several Owners or Proprietors of any such Horse or Horses iab 1 to the said Duty as aforesaid, the Names of the Persons so paying the same, and the Number of Horses by him or her respectively kept, and the Name of the Parish or Place where he, she, or they reiide, shall be entered in a Register to be kept at the said Head Office of Stamps, if in London, and, if in the Country, by the said Head Distributors of Stamps, or thpir Deputies, for that Purpose, by the Person so receiving the fame; and a Receipt shall be given to every Person so paying such Duties by the Persons so receiving the fame; which Receipt shall contain the Number of the said Register, the Number of such Horles so respoctively entered and paid for the Sum paid for the same, and the Time for which such Sum shall have been so paid, and be a Dischargp to the respective Owners for such Number of Horses so paid for, wheresoever the same are respectively used.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained dial) extend to charge with the said Duties, any Horse belonging to any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Soldier of any of the Regiments of Cavalry in his Majesty's Service, nor to any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to and kept for Sale, and not for Hire, in the Stables of any Denier in Horses licensed pursuant to this Act; nor to any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to hire for travelling Pod, by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or let to Hire for a Day, or less Period of Time, by any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person licensed for that Purpose by the Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Officers at the Head Office of Stamps in London, or their respective Officers in the Country, shall, and they are hereby requited, within thirty Days after Payment of the Duty hereby imposed, to affix a true Copy of the Register (herein before directed to be kept) on the Door of the Church belonging to the Parish where the Person or Persons keeping and using such Horse or Horses shall reside; and, if any Person shall reiide in any Extra parochial Place, then on the Door of the Parish Church next adjoining; and in which Register or Lift so to be affixed, shall be inserted the Name of the Person, and the Number of the Horses so paid for by such Person, and the Times when the same were so paid: And if any Person or Persons shall designedly and wilfully tear down, obliterate, deface, or destroy, such Register and Lift so affixed as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings for each and every Offence, to be recovered and applied as hete-in-after is directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Persons shall have divers Places of Residence, and shall keep at each such Place any Horse or Horses chargeable with the Duty by this Act imposed, every such Person shall, and is hereby required, within the Space of one Month after the Payment of the said Duties, if the same shall be paid at the Head Office in London, to deliver, or C3ufe to be delivered, to the Stamp Officer in the Market Town nearest to such Place of his or her Residence, a Duplicate of every such Entry, or the Register so made by such Person, mentioning, at the Foot of every such Duplicate, the Time when such original Entry or Register shall have been made, and the Duties paid as aforesaid; upon Pain that every such Person neglecting to deliver such Duplicate shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby igi-posed shall be divided and distributed in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace redding near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act j which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, to fumiuon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on bither Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fait; and dpon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confefiim of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture* according as in and by this Act is directed, and to award and issue out his Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any); and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of Three Months, un-Jess such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied: And if any Person or Persons shall find him# self or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upost

S’ving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Cods as all be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby impowered to summon and, examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same 5 and in case the Judgement of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or rerfo'ns to p*/ Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the P*rt of the Prosecutori or of the Person or

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31 - 34. 501

Persons accused, and (I.*.1 neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reenable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusa!, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending; that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as are herein-before directed as to other Penalties.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he raft?cc mat shall fee Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs and mitigate 7 * Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, be- Penalties ing always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to left than a Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein-before t* t»c

granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the r^o/sumpt" several Rates and Duties, and piy the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting Djucs'anjhy for the same, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as tdm paid into the Duties now charged on (limped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and that the Exchequer, in the Office of the Auditor of the Lid Receipt, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, iff 10 P-

which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as J^ering The Du-aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all oth?r Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his tie, Up^riit U-Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt from all other*, of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other1 Application Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing M Lottery).

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at Defendant* miy any Time or Times be sued, moldted, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in plead the Gent, pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall ral HTue, or may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against an* Tm such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Wc Cost,#

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to postpone the Payment of the Sum of two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

Preamble, recking Act 21 Geo. III. Cap. 60. Repayment of the Sum of 2,0-0,ooool. to the Bank post- poned to Jan. 5, ij$6. Exchequer Bills to bear 3 per Cent. Interest, until that Period. Bills so iffuci u not to be received again in Payment of Taxes; nor exchanged before Jan. 5, 1786. Action not to lie for such Refusal Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid out of any Supplies to be granted for the Year 1785; or charged on the Sinking Fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of V the full Supplies."

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

£ 1,500,000.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the Relief of the East India Company with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company, and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company.

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on and at,

sundry Times before the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.three,

became and now stand indebted to his Majesty, for Duties of Customs on Goods imported, in sundry Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of nine hundred twenty-three thousand five hundred and nineteen Pounds, five Shillings and two Pence, after making certain Deductions and Allowances

to which, by Law, the said Company are intitkd, on due Payment of the said Customs on or before the respective Days on which the same became due; and the said Company also Hand indebted to his Majesty in the farther Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, which became due on the first Day of December) one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for the Lit Payment appointed to have been made in respect of the Sum of four bundled thousand Pounds, mentioned in an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Recital or United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Kart indies, for the Payment of the Sum of four Gt*' lu> 4 hundred thousand Pounds, for the life of the Publick, in full Dif barge and Satisfaction of all Claims and LaP*4 65*

Demands of the Publick from the Time the Bend Debt of the said Company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand Pounds* until ibefirst Day March, ore thousand ' feum hundred and eighty-one > in reJ'pcCl of the Territorial

C. 34. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. SeiE 2.

ritorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and also forfe curing to the Publick in respect thereof for a Term therein mentioned\ a certain Part or Proportion of the clear ’Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the file and exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned \ and for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of thf Affairs of the said Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company: And whereas by the said Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it was, amongst other Things enacted, That, from and after the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and dighty-one, for and during so long Time as the said United

Company, under the Authority of that Act, should he intitled to the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade and Traffick in, to, and from the East Indies, and Places in the said Act mentioned, the whole clear Profits arising from the said Territorial Acquifteions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attending the same, together with all the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company, after providing for the current Payment of Interest, and other Outgoings Charges, and Expences of the said Company, should, from Time to Time, be disposed of and applied in Manner therein and herein- after mentioned; (that is to say), It should be lawful for the said United Company to set apart and retain, in the first Place, in each and every Year, such Sum as should be equal to eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the capital Stock of the said United Company of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds; and in case there should remain a Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits above the said Sum of eight Pounds per Centum ter Annum, so to be retained by the said United Company as aforesaid, three fourth Parts of such Surplus Profits should be set apart and applied for the Use of the Publick, and the remaining one fourth Part thereof should be reserved and retained by the said United Company for their own Ule: And it was thereby further enacted, That it should be lawful for the said United Company to apply such Money as they were therein before authorised to retain to themselves, and also other Money in the said Act mentioned, in the Payment of Dividends to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said United Company, not exceeding the Rate of twelve Pounds, ten Shillings, per Centum per Annum 5 provided the Bond Debt of the said Company did not at any such Time exceed one million five hundred thousand Pounds; and provided that they did n >t increase the present Dividend of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, more than at the Rate of one Pound per Centum in each and every Year; And, in order to ascertain the yearly net Profits arising from the said United Company's Trade and Revenues, it was further enacted, That the said United Company should cause to be made out yearly, for each and every Year, during the Term therein mentioned, with as much Accuracy as the Nature of the Case would admit, a Statement of the Profits and Loss upon the whole of the Trade and Revenues of the said United Company, together with a State of the Debts of the said United Company in England, from the first Day of March in every Year, to the first Day of March in each succeeding Year; which said Account was to be signed and delivered to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, as therein is mentioned: And whereas, pursuant to the said Act,

such Statement as therein is mentioned of the Profit and Loss upon the whole of the Trade and Revenues of the said United Company hath been annually made up and delivered to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury; and by the last of such Accounts, made up from the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, it appears, that after debiting and bringing forward the Deficiencies of former Years, and the said Dividend of eight Pounds per Centum, allowed to be retained by the Company, there was 4 a Deficiency on the said Account, up to the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, of the Sum of one hundred forty-one thousand nine hundred and forty-one Pounds: And whereas, besides the said Debts due to his Majesty, as aforesaid, the said Company have been allowed to increase their Bond Debt to the Amount of five hundred thousand Pounds, over and above the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said Act of the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and the said Company also (land indebted in the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, lent and advanced to them upon sundry Exchequer Bills, which will become due and payable on the sixth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the same having been made out and delivered to the said Company, pursuant to an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Relief to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, by allowing further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to the Publick, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money to be raisid by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three;

and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of Drawbacks on East India Goods; by which Yaid Act it was enacted, That, until the Debts therein and herein before mentioned to be due to his Majesty should be paid, the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds repaid, and the Bond Debt of the said Company be again reduced to one million five hundred thousand Pounds, the whole clear Profits arising

from the said T erritorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attending, the same, together with all the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company, afier providing for the current Payment of Interest, an i other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company, and1 4 for such Dividends to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, as they should be intitled or allowed to make, receive, and take, should, from Time to Time, be disposed of and applied in Manner following; (that is to say,) In the first place, in Diminution and Payment of the said Debts due to his Majesty until the same should be fully paid; and afterwards, in Diminution and Payment of the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds and Interest, and for defraying the Charges inctirred in respect thereof; and then, in reducing the Bond Debt of the said Company until the same should be reduced to one million five hundred thousand Pounds; And whereas, over and besides the Taid Debts due

Comrr ifliorter* of the Treasury may allow the Company further Time for Payment of the Sums due to the Publick, but not beycoi Jan. i« 17*6.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34. 503

to his Majesty, the said increased Bond Debt, and the said Exchequer Bills, sundry Bills of Exchange have been drawn upon the Court of Directors of the said United Company from the»r different Pre- fidencies and Settlements in India, to the Amount of one million six hundred and ninety thousand

Pounds, or thereabouts, over and btfides Bills drawn from the Frftory at China, and over and besides the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds a Year in Bills of Exchange, allowed to be accepted and paid by the Court of Directors of the said Company of their own Authority, and other Bills of Exchange

are expected to be drawn upon the said Court of Directors: And whereas it is expedient that a further

reasonable Time should be allowed to the Company for the Payments of the Debts due as aforesaid, on consideration of their Revenues and Profits, beyond a reasonable Dividend to the Proprietors,

being appropriated to such Payments, as fast as the same shall come into Cash May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent M *je(ly, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to postpone or allow further Time for the Payment of the said Sum of nine hundred and twenty-three thousand five hundred and nineteen Pounds, five Shillings, and two Pence, which became due for Customs at such several Times as herein-before are mentioned; and of the said Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, which became due on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, or any Part or Parts of the said several Sums respectively, unto such Time or Times as they shall think fit, not beyond the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six 5 and if the said United Company do and shall pay the said Sums respectively, at such Time or Times to which the said Payments, or any Part thereof, respectively shall be postponed as aforesaid, the same shall be accepted and received in like Manner as if the said Sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective Days on which the said Sums became due; and the said United Company, upon such Payment at such postponed Time or Times, shall be freed and discharged from all Damages, Interest, and Lodes, which they became liable to by means of not having made the said Payments respectively at the several Times on which the same became due; and shall be intitled unto, and have the same Discounts, Allowances, and Advantages, as if the said Sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective Days on which they became due; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Court *»f Directors of the said United Company, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to accept and pay the said Bills t Exchange drawn and to be drawn upon them as aforesaid, at such Time or Times respectively, and upon such Terms and Conditions, and with such Interest, as the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, and shall allow by Writing under their Hands.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, in so adjusting and settling the Payments of the said Bills of Exchange, shall give a Priority in the respective Payments, according as the same would have accrued if the said Bills had been discharged in regular Course; due Regard therein being had to the several Dates of the said Bills, to the Times when the same were severally tendered for Acceptance, and to the respective Periods in which they were originally made payable.

IV. And, in order to make proper Provision, and give Security to the Creditors of the said Company

for the Payment of the said Debts,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the said Debts due to his Majesty, and the said Bills of Exchange, to be accepted with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall be paid, the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed on the said Exchequer Bills, repaid, and the Bond Debt of the said Company be again reduced to one million five hundred thousand Pounds, the whole clear Profits arising from the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attending the same, together with all the clear Revenues and Profirs of the said Company, after providing for the said Bills of Exchange to be accepted with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, together with the current Payment of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company, shall, from Time to Time, be disposed of and applied in Manner following; (that is to say,) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company to set apart and retain, in the first Place, in each and every Year, such Sum as shall be equal *0 eight rounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Capital Stock of the said United Company of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds; and the said Company shall and may, from Time to Time, make Dividends to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, notwithstanding any Thing contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them; and, in the next Place, the said clear Profits shall be applied in Payments of the said Debts due to his Majesty, and the said three hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the said Exchequer Bills, and the interest and Charges thereof; and from and after such Payments as aforesaid shall be made, then in Diminution and Payment of the Bond Debt of the said Company, until the same shall be reduced to me Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds $ and from and after such Reduction of the said Bond Debt, such Division of the said Profits between the Publick and the said United Company shall Jgain take place and be resumed, as is mentioned in the said Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Deficiency of one hundred forty-one thousand nine hundred and forty-one Pounds, appearing in the said annual Account made up to the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be carried forward as a Charge in the Account of the present Year and in case any Deficiency shall appear in the Account of subsequent Year, during the Continuance of the Participation between the Publick and the Company

Directore, with

Consent of of the Treasury, may accent certain BIII1 of E*. change, &V,

Priority in Payment of such Bil l, how to be adjusted.

The clear Re re-noes and Profit* of the Company to be applied in Mannei following;

For making s Dividend of 8 per Cent, to the Proprietor! g

m Payment of the Debts due to his Majesty, &c« and in reducing the Bond Debt, Sec.

Deficiency in tht annual Accounr, ending March #f l'&4, to be car* rted forward at 0 Charge in the Account of th* ficfcot Yeti,

RecifT of Act I Annas, Cap. 9.

and 9 Ann*, Cap. 6,

From Sept. t, 1784, the Duties mu Wax Candles tO «0*lt!

---

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Deficiency of one hundred forty-one thousand nine hundred and forty-one Pounds, appearing in the said annual Account made up to the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be carried forward as a Charge in the Account of the present Year and in case any Deficiency shall appear in the Account of subsequent Year, during the Continuance of the Participation between the Publick and the Company

504 C. 35. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

mentioned in the said Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, such Deficiency shall, from Time to Time, be carried forward to, and charged in, the Account of the then next Year.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to impower the Bishop of London for the Time being, or any other Bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the Order of Deacon or Priest, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty's Dominions, without requiring them to take the Oath of Allegiance as appointed by Law.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS, by the Laws of this Realm, every Person who shall be admitted to Holy Orders is to take the Oath of Allegiance in Manner thereby provided: And whereas there are divers Persons, Subjects or Citzens of Countries out of fos Majesty's Dominions, inhabiting and residing within the said Countries, who profess the Publick Worship of Almighty God according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, and are desirous that the Word of God, and the Sacraments, should continue to be administered unto them according to the said Liturgy, by Subjects or Citizens of the said Countries, ordained according to the Form of Ordination in the Church of England;' be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Bishop of London, or any other Bishop by him appointed, way admit Aliens to the Order of Deacon or Priest, without their taking the Oath of Allegiance.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Bishop of London for the Time being, or any other Bishop by him to be appointed, to admit to the Order of Deacon or Priest, for the Purposes aforesaid, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty's Dominions, without requiring them to take the Oath of Allegiance.

[Persons so ordained, not to exercise their Office in his Majesty's Dominions.]

II. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That no Person, ordained in the Manner herein-before provided only, shall be thereby enabled to exercise the Office of Deacon or Priest within his Majesty's Dominions.

[The Name and Country, &c. of the Persom ordained to be inserted in the Letters Testimonial.]

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the Letters Testimonial of such Orders, there shall be inserted the Name of the Person so ordained, with the Addition of the Country whereof he is a Subject or Citizen, and the further Description of his not having taken the said Oath of Allegiance, being exempted from the Obligation of so doing by virtue of this Act.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain; and for granting in lieu thereof other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to make or sell Wax Candles in Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,

---

[

intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and certain Rates upon Monies to be given with Clerks a fid Apprentices, towards raising her Majety's Supply for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten\ among other Things, during the Term of five Years from the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ten, a Duty of four Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois was imposed on all Candles of Wax, or usually called or sold for Wax Candles (notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredients therewith), which should be made in Great Britain; and by another Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities to be exported; and certain Duties upon Coals to be JVoter-borne and carried Cca/huije; and for granting further Duties upon Candles, for thirty-two Years, to raise ffteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven*, and for Jupprej/ing such unlawful Lotteries, and such Insurance Offices, as a rg therein mentioned), an additional Duty of four Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois was, during thirty-two Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eleven, imposed on all Candles of Wax, or usually called or sold for Wax Candles (notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredients therewith), which should be made in Great Britain; which said Duties of four Pence per Pound, and four Pence per Pound, have since, by other Acts of Parliament, been continued for ever: And whereas the fraudulent Practice of making Wax Candles in secret and oblcure Places, without Payment of Duty, has of late greatly incrcaicd, to the Prejudice of the fair Trader, and the Injury of the Revenue, which fraudulent Practice cannot so cffcciually be prevented as by lowering the Duties on Wax Can- dies made in Great Britain, and by impoling an additional Duty on ad Wax imported into Great Britain? be it therefore enacted by the King’s mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the aforesaid Duties of four Pence, and four Pence, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois on all Candles of Wax, or usually called or sold for Wax Candles, made in Great Britain,

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 36. 505

shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except in all Cifes relating to the recovering any of the aforesaid Duties which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred before or upon the said first Day of September, one thousandf even hundred and eighty four.

II. And, to the Jntent that no Deficiency may happen, by the Determination of the said Duties, in the respective Funds to which those Duties were appropriated,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be answered and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sjccefiors, the several Duties herein after mentioned; chat is to say;

For and upon all Wax which, after the said first Day of September, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and other Duties already imposed thereupon, the Sum of two Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; the said Duty for and upon all imported Wax to be paid down in ready1 Money by the Importers thereof, before the landing the fame:

And there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Candles of Wax, or usually called or sold for Wax Candles (notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredients therewith), which, after the said first Day of September, shall be made in Great Britain, the Sum of three Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lelTer Quantity:

And there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Candles made of Spermaceti, or usually called or sold for Spermaceti Candles (notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredient therewith), which, after said first Day of September, shall be made in Great Britain, the Sum of three Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty upon imported Wax by this Act granted, shall be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, and answered, by such Rules,

Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and.Form as the prefan Duties upon Wax imported are, by any Law or Statute now in Force, to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, or answered.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed upon Wax imported, shall be subject and liable to the additional Dulies or Imports of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, severally imposed by the Acts respectively made in the nineteenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon the Produce and Amount thereof; and that such additional Duties or Imports of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules and Regulations, Powers and Authorities, Ways, Means, and Methods, as the said additional Duties or Imports are, by the said Acts of the nineteenth and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty's Reign, directed to be collected and paid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties imposed by this Act upon imported Wax as shall arise m England, Walts, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and OiKce/s of the Customs in England; and such of the Duties imposed by this Act upon imported Wax as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in Scotland; and all the Monies arising by che Duties imposed by this Act on Wax imported into Great Britain (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted), shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and are hereby appropriated and shall be applied, one Moiety thereof to the same Uies and Purports, in such Manner and under such Regulations, as the Monies arising by the Duties imposed, by the aforesaid Act of the eighth Year of Queen Anne, upon imported Wax Candles, noware appropriated unto and directed to be applied; and the other Moiety thereof to the same Uses and Purports, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the Monies arising by the Duties imposed by the said Act of the ninth Year of Queen Anne, upon imported Wax Candles, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the Exportation of any Wax from this Kingdom to any Port or Place beyond the Seas as Merchandize, the Exporter shall

paid and allowed a Drawback of the Duties paid upon the Importation of such Wax, by virtue of this Act, which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penal*tes, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as any former Drawback or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of Wax, was, could, or might be made before the parting this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Candles of Wax, or usually called or sold for Wax Candles, as, from and after the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be seized on Importation, or otherwirt, and be legally condemned for Nonpayment of the Duties thereon, shall, immediately after such Condemnation, be broken or otherwise de-

ari<^ rendered unfit for Use.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act impofrd

% and upon all Wax Candles made in Great Britain, shall, from Time to Time, be raised, received,

rtvied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under such

Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and

'vith such Power of making Compositions and other Powers, and subject to such Allowances, Drawbacks,.

Kiiles, and Directions, and in such Method, Manner, and Form, as the Duties upon Candles made in Great Britain, granted by the aforesaid Acts of the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign.0/ Queen Anne, are

rv a those VJ

And instead thereof, the following Duties shall be paid, vift

For all Wax imported, after Sept. 1, 1784, adriujrial Duty of a*i. pir Pound*

For all Wax Candles made itt Great B i ain. Duty of 3l. pea Pounds

And for Spermaceti Candles, 3d* per Poimd#

New Doty 0pom Wax imported to* be levied and recovered in the same Manner aa* the present Du* ties.

The Duties upon Wat imported Hull be fiible to the additional. 5 per Cents, imposed by 19 Geo. III. Cap. 25 j anti 2i Goo, 1110 Cap. 661

And shall be under the Management of the Commissioner* of Customs;

and be paid intfr the Exchequer*

Application*

thereof.

ExoortcrsofWaw

which has paid the new Importation Duty, tube allowed a Drawback of the famt*

Candles feiced

for Nonpayment of Duties to be

broken, dec.

New Duties 01 Candles made im Great Bitain, to be levied and »e— cnered in the same Manner a* the former Du-

506

Powen of the Act of 8 and 9 Annse, See, to be ip Force in Execution of this Act.

prom Sept. If 7784, a Doty of 5l. to be paid for every Licence for making Wa« or Spermaceti Cindies, and rs. for every Licence for selling thereof. The Inland Duties to be liable to the additional I-npofls of 5 per Cent, impofrd by 19 Geo. III. Cap »5i II Geo. III. Cap. 17 i and »z Geo. III. Cap. 66. upon the Amount thereof.

After Sept, t, 1784, no Person to make or fell Wax or Spermaceti Candles without a Licence.

Licence for making 5l.J for felling,

At what Places Licences are to be taken our#

Licences to be renewed annual*

h-

Every Person who shall rr.*ke or fell such Candles without taking out a Licence,

or renewing the same, to forfeit iOli

C. 36. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

those Acts, or by any Law or Statute thereby referred unto, or since made, to be raised, received, levied, recovered, or secured; and that the said Acts, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things, therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or since enacted, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the Duties upon Candles made in Great Britain thereby granted, are by Force of this Act continued, and shall be practised and put in Execution for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the Duties on Wax Candles made in Great Britain hereby granted, and for making Allowances out of the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in this pre-fenr Act

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of September, there shall be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of five Pounds for every Licence to be taken out, in Manner herein-aftrr mentioned, by every Person making Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles within Great Britain; and a Duty of five Shillings for every Licence to be taken out, in Manner herein after mentioned, by every Person whatsoever trading in or selling Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles within Great Britain.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties by this Act imposed upon Wax Candles and upon Spermaceti Candles made in Great Britain and upon Licences to make Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, and Licences to trade in or fell Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duties or Imports of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, severally imposed by the Acts respectively made in the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon the Produce and Amount thereof; and that such additional Duties or Imports of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centumx shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules and Regulations, Powers and Authorities, Ways, Means and Methods, as the said additional Duties or Imports are by the said Acts of the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty's Reign directed to be collected and paid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of September, no Person or Persons whatsoever who now doth, or at any Time hereafter shall make, or trade in, or fell any Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, shall presume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their Benefit, either publickly or privately, to make, trade in, or fell any Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles without first taking out a Licence in Manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they shall make, or trade in, or fell any Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles; and such Person shall, immediately upon taking out such Licence,

say down for-rhe fame respectively the Sum of Money after-mentioned; that is to say, The Sum of five ounds for a Licence to make Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, and the Sum of five Shillings for a Licence to trade in or fell Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles; and, if such Licences shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, then such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners for the Duties of Excise for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and the respective Duty for the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; and if such Licences shall be taken out in any Part of England or lVale$y not within the said Limits, then such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors or Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Distri&s, and the respective Dury of five Pounds or five Shillings shall be paid for such Licences to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Licence shall be so granted; and in case such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and the respective Duty for the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; and if such Licences shall be taken out in any other Part of Scotland without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their resp-Ctive Collections and Districts, and the respective Duties for the same shall be paid to the Collectors of Excise within whose Collection such Licence shall be so granted; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, and the Persons so to be appointed by them respectively, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such Licences respectively to the Persons who shall apply for the same, upon Payment of five Pounds for a Licence to make Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, or upon Payment of five Shillings for a Licence to trade in or fell Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who shall take out any such Licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence, ten Days at lead before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after taking out the first Licence, before he, (be> or they presume to make Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, or to trade in or fell Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, and in the same Manner shall renew every such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the like Sum of five Pounds for every new or renewed Licence to make Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, and the like Sum of five Shillings for every new or renewed Licence to trade in or fell Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, in Manner and at the Places and Times before mentioned; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the said first Day of September, presume or offer to make any Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles without first taking out a Licence for making the same, or to trade in or fell any Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles without first taking out a Licence for trading in or selling the same, and without renewing such respective Licence yearly, in Manner aforesaid, he, (he, pr they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds for each Offence.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 36. 507

XIII. Provided always, That Persons in Partnership, and carrying on their Trade or Business of making persons hPjrt-or of trading in or selling Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles in one House or Shop only, shall not be nerrtup not obliged to take out more than one Licence for making, or more than one Licence for felling, in any one obliged to oke Year and that no Licence granted by virtue of this Act shall authorize any Person or Persons to make, out [*reoclh

<rr trade in, or fell any Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, in any other House or Place than such QOt lccoce» c#

House, or Places thereto belonging, wherein he, she, or they shall dwell at the Time of granting such Licence.

XIV. Provided also, That no Person that shall take out a Licence for making Wax Candles or Sperma- Pe fomwhohi?e ceti Candles, and shall pay the said Duty of five Pounds for the same for one Year, shall be obliged to rake taken our Lr. out a Licence for trading in or selling Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candle* or to pay the said Duty of Jence^rrnaktrg five Shillings during the same Year; but it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons so raking out such ^ayicihh^ame Licence for making Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, and paying the said Duty for the lamp, to trade without any 0-in or fell Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles during the Year he, she, or they shall be so licensed to ther Licence, make the same, without taking out any other Licence for trading in or selling Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Duties as are charged Duties on Li-

upon Licences in England, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed* shall be under the Management of cfnces to un*

the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in England; and such of the said Duties

as are charged upon such Licences in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and issioner*of Officers of Excise in Scotland; and all the Monies arising by the said Licences, and by the Duties by this Excise in Eng. Act imposed upon Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles made in Great Britain (the necessary Charges of land and Sco -raising and accounting for the same excepiedj, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his iandrespectively, Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and are hereby appropriated and shall be applied, one Moiety thereof Dutiei to be paid to the same Uses and Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the Monies arising by into the Eiche* the Duties imposeJ by the aforesaid Act of the eighth Year of Queen Anne, upon Wax Candles made <iucr* in Great Britain, now are appropriated unto and tJirested to be applied; and the other Moiety thereof Application to the same Uses and Purposes, in such Manner and under such Regulations, as the Monies arising by thereof* the Duties imposed by the aforesaid Act of the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, AH thepowert Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by any Act, Statute, or an(i

Law, made and now in Force, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established [^eert0At* for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the iM^Dotir/on1" Excise or Inland Duty or Duties upon Candles, or upon any Licences granted by the Commissioners of Canclei, tot* in Excise or Inland Duties, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the managing, Force in the Exiting, levying, crUefting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties by this Act imposed upon ec,i'ioa Wax Candles and upon Spermaceti Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Licences for making' Asti Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, and Licences for trading in or selling Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-etufted in this present Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and For- Penalties aw! feitu'es imposed by this Act shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated by such Ways, Means,

or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of and ar^ci!1* Excise, or by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin-

Jler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform, sue for, or discover the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation af brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing by him, her, or them Actions, done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or T hing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the

Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the General ITuc.

Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of

and by Authority of this Act; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendant?, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution,

or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defend-

or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plain- Treble Costs. tins.

V «u

CAP.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Self. 2,

508 C. 37.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets, by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing Frauds in the Revenue, carried on by the Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets; and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjecta, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament c afLmbled, towards raffing, by the moil easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional Rates and Duties herein-afeer mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and From Aug. 31, by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the thirty-full Day of August one thousand seven 1784, ibe foi- hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Postmaster General, and his i°l Rises o^Post- Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorised, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs *ge tobVuken" and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all such Letters and for all Letters Packets which he shall convey, carry, or fend Poll within the Kingdom of Great Britain, according to the and Packets ia several Rates and Sums hereafter mentioned, the same being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce, in Great Britain; Addition to all other Rates and Duties, now payable for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Tlf* Poll within the said Kingdom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force; that is to say,

For one Port Ctage; /ingle Letter, id.;

Double, 2d.; Treble, 3d.; Ounce Weight, 4d.

Two Post Stager,

(in England); /ingle Letter, id.;

Double, 2d. j Treble, 3d.; Ounce Weight,

Eighty Miles; /ingle Letter,

3d.;

Double, fd(; Treble, 3d.; Ounce Weight,

350 Miles;

/ingle Letter, id.;

Double, 2d.; Treble, 3d.; Ounce Weight, 4d.

Above 150

Miles; single Letter, 2d.;

Double, 4(J. j Treble, 6d.; Ounce Weight, Id,

From London to

Fd nburgh, <Scc»

Letter,

id;

Double, 2.d«

For the Port and Conveyance of every single Letter, so conveyed or carried by the Pod as aforesaid, not exceeding one whole Port Stage from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny:

For every double Letter, two Pence:

For every treble Letter, three Pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things:

And For the Port and Conveyance of every single Letter, conveyed or carried by the Port above one Poll Stage, and not exceeding two Pcft Stages, from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Sum of one Penny:

For every double Letter, two Pence:

For every treble Letter, three Pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every single Letter, conveyed or carried by the Pod above two Pott Stages, and not exceeding Eighty English Miles, distant from the Office where such Letter m*y be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Sum of one Penny:

For every double Letter, two Pence:

For every treble Letter, three Pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every single Letter, conveyed or carried by the Post above eighty English Miles, and not exceeding one hundred and fifty English Miles distant from the Office where such LeUer may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Sum of one Penny:

For every double Letter, two Pence:

For every treble Letter, three Pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every single Letter, conveyed or carried by the Post above one hundred and fifty English Miles distant from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Sum of two Pence;

For every double Letter, four Pence:

For every treble Letter, Sixpence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, eight Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds,

or other Things:

And for the Port or Conveyance of every single Letter, conveyed or carried by the Post from thCv General Post Office in the City of London unto the City of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or from thence to the said General Pcft Office ‘in the said City of London, and to and from Dumfries and Cockburnj'peto, and between either of those Places and the said City of Edinburgh, the Sum of one Penny:

For every double Letter, two Pence:

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. £*37*.

For every treble Letter, three Pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Angle Letter, conveyed or carried by the Pod above one Port Styge, and not exceeding fifty English Miles, distant from the Office w here such Letter m^y be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland the Sum of one Penny:

For every double Letter, two Pence:

For every treble Letter, three Pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Angle Letter, conveyed or carried by the Post above fifty English Miles, and not exceeding eighty English Miles, distant from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of one Penny:

For every double Letter, two Pence:

For every treble Letter, three Pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Angle Letter, conveyed or carried by the Port above eighty English Miles, and not exceeding one hundred and fifty English Miles, distant from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of one Penny:

For every double Letter, two Pence:

For every treble Letter, three Pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight* four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Wiits, Deeds, or other Things:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Angle Letter, conveyed or carried by the Post above one hundred and fifty English Miles distant from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of two Pence:

For every double Letter, four Pence:

For every treble Letter, six Pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, eight Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things.

5° 9

Treble, 3L; Ouutc W'. 4d.{

Fifty English Miles (in Scot* l,r.c), ll g’e Lecter, n.$ Doub e, id, j Treble, 3O Ounce Wf. 4,d.j

Eighty Miles j fjngle Leuer,

16.i

Double, 2d. Trtblc, 3d.; Ounce W*. 4^.3

150 Miles; fin* gle Letter, id,;

Double, } Treble, 3d,; Ounce W*. 4d.

Above 150 Miles $ Tingle Letter, 2d; Double, 4d. j Treble, 6d.;

Ounce W*. 8d#

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Letter or Packet (not passing through London) to or from Glasgow, or the intermediate Places by the Way of Carlisle, shall pay an higher Rate of Postage than if the same had passed through Edinburgh, to or from Glasgow \ and that no Letter or Packet, passing to or from Edinburgh, or any intermediate Places in England and Scotland, North of London, shall be subject to an higher Rate of Portage than seven Pence for a Angle Letter, and so in Proportion.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Letter or Packet, together with the Contents thereof, shall be taxed or rated at an higher Rate of Portage, according to the Rates and Duties granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by this present Act, than as a treble Letter, unless the same shall be one Ounce in Weight; and that all Letters and Packets of the Weight of one Ounce shall be rated as four Angle Letters, and so in Proportion for every Quarter of an Ounce above the Weight of one Ounce, reckoning each Quarter of an Ounce as a Angle Letter.

IV. And for the Prevention of Frauds on the Revenue, by the Importation into this Kingdom, in < Letters or Packets sent by the Post, of Goods which are prohibited to be imported, or on the Import- ation of which a Duty is payable;’ be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any foreign Letter or Packet, containing any Inclosure, shall be received at any of the Offices of the General Port Office, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Officers employed in the said Office to carry such Letter or Packet to any Justice of Peace, or other Magistrate for the Town, District, or County, in which such Office shall be situate, and to make Oath before such Magistrate, that he suspefls the same to contain Goods which are prohibited to be imported, or on the Importation of which a Duty is payable; and it shall then be lawful for him, in the Presence of the Lid Magistrate, to cut with a Penknife in and through the Folds of the said Letter or Packet, and its Inclosure or Inclosures, one Opening or Slit not exceeding two Inches in Length; and if it shall then appear to the said Magistrate that any such Goods as aforesaid are contained therein, he shall proceed forthwith to open the said Letter or Packet, and shall immediately, in Presence of the said Officer, destroy such Goods; and in such Case, the Magistrate shall inclose such Letter or Packet in a Cover, in which shall be written an Attestation ngned by him, containing the Name of the Officer by whom such Letter or Packet shall have been brought to him, the Time of its being so brought, and the Quantity and Description of the Goods found therein, and attesting that the same were then by him ddhoyed, and final] deliver the said Letter or Packet so inclosed, and aPo sealed by him, to the said Officer, to be by him forwarded to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, who shall, on the Receipt thereof, cause to be paid to the said Officer any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings.

r Y* ,r further enacted, That if, on making such Opening as aforesaid in such Letter or Packet, no

tuch Goods shall be found therein, the said Magistrate shall then inclose the same in a Cover, with an Attestation ligned by him, that the Opening in such Letter or Packet was made in his Presence, and shall ^vec the same, sealed up, to the said Officer, to be transmitted by the ordinary Course of the Post to

Restrictions relative to Letters to or from GUf-Sow, Set.

No Letter under one Ounce to be charged higher than as a treoic Lptter, &c.

Dire^Ioni reU* tive to foreign Letters suspecte4 of containing prohibited Goods, &c.

If any such Goods found therein, they are to be destroyed.

If no such Goode are found, the Magistrate shall inclose the Letter in a Cover, with t proper Attesta-

tioiit. 1

5*°

Vot to ettend to, the Penny Port.

Att Geo. jf

c.p. 24.

Rtftrifliom re-l.Cve to franking Letter! by Members of Parliament*

What Letter* dwefteJto Member of Parliament shall be exempted from Postage.

Personi who, by virtue of their Offices, ate ati-thorised to send and receive Letter* Duty-free, may continue so to do, under the same Restrictioni a» Members of Parliament, Arc.

Not to eitend

Penalty on counterfeiting the Hand-writing of any Person in the Superfcrip-iron of any Letter, in order to rv de the Duty of Postage,

Dutie* so be paid to the Receiver Oceral of the Post Office j and by him paid into the Exchequer,

C. 37. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Seff 2.

the Person or Persons to whom such Letter or Packet shall have been directed when it was received at the Post Office: Provided always, That no additional Foliage shall be charged on any such Letter or Packet in consequence of thele Proceedings, nor shall any Letter or Packet be detained thereby beyond the due and regular Course of the Poll, except in Cases of the mod urgent Necessity.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, or in anywise to affect the Rates or Sums to be paid for Letters or Packets passing by the Carriage called The Penny Post.

VII. And whereas, notwithstanding the several Provisions made in an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his piefent Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Pojbge, divers Persons have presumed to counterfeit the Hand-writing, and otherwise fraudulently to make use of the Names of Members of Parliament in the Superscription of Letters and Packets sent by the Pod, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage; in order therefore to put the more effectual Stop to these Frauds and Abuses/ be it further enacted, That, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, so long as the Revenue arising in the General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster General shall continue to be carried to, and made Part of, the Aggregate Fund, no Letter or Packet, sent by the Post from any Place whatsoever within the Kingdom of Great Britain, directed by ary Member of either of the two Houses of Parliament of Great Britain, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Portage according to the Rates established by the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, and by this present Act, unless the whole Superscription upon every Letter or Packet so sent shall be of the Hand-writing of the Member directing the same, and shall have indorsed thereon the Name of such Member, together with the Name of the Port Town from which the same is intended to be sent, and the Day, Month, and Year, when the same shall be to be put into the Post Office, the Day of the Month to be in Words at Length, and the Whole to be of the Hand-writing of the Member; and also unless every such Letter or Packet shall be put into the General Post Office, or other Polt Office, or into any receiving House or Place appointed by his Majesty's Postmaster General for the Receipt of Letters and Packets to be forwarded by the Post, on the Day of the Date put upon such Letter or Packet; and no Letters or Packets directed to any Member of either of the Two Houses of Parliament of Great Britain shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Portage, unless such Letters and Packets as shall, during the Sitting of any Session of Parliament, or within forty Days before, or forty Days after any Summons or Prorogation of the same, be directed to any such Member at the Place where he shall actually be at the Time of the Delivery thereof, or at his usual Place of Residence in London, or at the House of Parliament, or the Lobby of the House of Parliament, of which he is a Member

VIII. And be it enacted, That the several Persons who, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, are authorised, in Right of their respective Offices and Employments, to send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Portage, and their Successors in such Offices and Employments, shall and may, during their Continuance in such Offices and Employments, respectively send and receive Letters and Packtts free from the Duty of Portage, in the same Manner, and under such Restrictions, as any Member of either House of Parliament may send and receive the same in pursuance of this Act; and shall and may respectively send and receive Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, free from the Duty of Portage, in such and the like Manner as any Member of either House of Parliament may send and receive the same: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Delivery of Letters or Packets lent or conveyed by the Carriage called The Penny Post.

to the Penny Post.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, forge or counterfeit the Hand-writing of any Person whatsoever, in the Superscription of any Letter or Packet to be sent by the Post, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the Date upon the Superscription of any such Letter or Packet, or shall write and fend by the Post, or cause to be written and lent by the Post, any Letter or Packer, the Superscription or Cover whereof shall be forged or counterfeited, or the Date upon such Superscription or Cover altered, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for seven Years-

X. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted shall be paid,

from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Post Office, who shall pay out of such Rates and Duties (the necessary Charges of collecting, paying and accounting for the same being first deduced) the full, clear, and intire weekly Sum of two thousand three hundred Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, upon Tuesday in every Week, if it be not an HoliJay, and if it be, then upon the next Day that is not an Holiday, as one Week shall successively and immediately follow and succeed another; the first of the said weekly Payments to begin and be made on Tuesday the thirtieth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty* four; and in case the Rates and Duties hereby granted shall not be sufficient to answer the said weekly Payments hereby directed to be made, that then and so often the Deficiency and Deficiencies thereof shall be supplied and made good out of the whole Receipt of the Rates and Duties of Postage; and in case the Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be more than sufficient to answer the said weekly Payments, that then, and so often as it shall so happen, the Overplus shall be appropriated and applied to such and the same Uses as the present Rates and Duties of Postage are respectively now by Law made applicable,;

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37,38. SI I

XI. And, to the End the said weekly Sum of two thousand three hundred Pounds may be made A Book to be 1 a Fund or Security for the Purposes herein expressed be it further enacted, That there shall be pro- P!ded tyth# vhied and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which ^ichTheweek-all the Monies which shall be paid in weekly as aforesaid, for or upon Account of the said Rates and iyp*ymentafl»ali Duties, shall be entered separate, apart, and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to his Ma- be entered fep*-jrfty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said weekly Payments shall be a nee from ill Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed olhcr,# to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Application rciifing a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery. thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued. Defendants may molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or plead the Gc-of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the neral General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon T rial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff and /bill have Or Plaintiff#. Treble Cofri.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and also several Duties on inhabited Houses; and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee; and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the several Rates and Duties upon Tea, exposed for Sale in these Kingdoms, amount together to so considerable a Sum, in proportion to the Vralue of that Commodity, as to afford

great Encouragement to the fraudulent Importation thereof, and have contributed greatly to other illicit

Practices highly detrimental to the Revenue, and of dangerous Consequences to the Publick, the Prevention of which is become an Object of the utmost Importance; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and

loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do therefore think it would be for the Advantage of the Publick to repeal the several Duties imposed upon Tea, and in lieu thereof to c*grant unto your Majesty the several new Duties herein after mentioned: And we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifteenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several Rates, Duties, and other Impositions upon Tea imported, fold, or used in this Kingdom, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the United Company of Merchants of England'trading to the East Indies shall be, and they are hereby discharged, of and from the Payment of all Duties whatsoever, by any Act or Acts heretofore impoted upon all Tea, the Property of the said United Company, which shall, on the said fifteenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, remain in the Warehouses of the said Company in Great Britain, under the Lock, or in the Custody of the Officers of his Majesty's Revenue, having Charge thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Tea which, from and after the said fifteenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be delivered to the Buyers thereof by the said United Company, there shall be paid to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Tea, a Duty of twelve Pounds ten Shillings per Cen-(fcw, to be computed upon the cross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold; which Duty shall be paid, by the said Purchaser or Purchasers, to the said United Company, at such Time or Times as shall, by the Conditions of such Sales, be from Time to Time appointed for Payment of the Price of such Tea to the said United Company; and that the said United Company shall at all Times, toge;her with the Proper Officers of the Customs, make up an Account of twelve Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, to be computed upon the cross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold, and pay the same to the Collector Inwards of his Majesty's Customs, within thirty Days after the Expiration of each quarterly Sale, which Duty shall be again drawn back and repaid upon the Exportation of such Tea to any Place where a Drawbaekof the Duties is now allowed by Law.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tea upon which the Duty nereby imposed shall not have been paid, and which, from and after the said fifteenth Day of September, j>ne thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be entered for Exportation to any Place where a Drawback of the Duties is allowed by Law, shall and may be delivered from such Warehouse wherein the

[Preamble.]

«roe shall be secured as aforesaid for that Purpose, free of any Duty, subject to the same Rules, Regnla {*ons> Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all other Respefls, to which such Tea wouli nave been liable if the Duty thereon had been paid and drawn back as herein-before directed.

/hail be delivered f<om the W.j

hovifps free of

Whereas it is just and reasonable that the said United Company should, in ennfidernti >i> of, ‘he great Benefit which may result to their Commerce from the Reduction of Duties henby made, contrij>ute their utmost Endeavours for securing to the Publick the full Benefit which will aril,- tri m an immediate and permanent Reduction of Prices be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

3 the

From Sept.

1784, the Duriet on Tea shall cease.

East India Company discharged from Payment of Duties on Tea in their Warc-houses, Scc. at that Period.

For all Tea delivered by the Company to the Purchasers thereof after that Period, lhne shall be paid a Duty of tal. IOS. pet Cent%

which shall be dra*n back upon Esportation, Sc c.

All Tea in such Warehouse*, on Sept. 15, 1734, for which the Duty /hill not have been phi and entered fnr »por atun, dec. Duty.

5*

Directiont for the Company re* htive co their Sales of Tea*

Reffn^ion of the Prices put up at the hid four Sales: Bohea, u. y&* fir Pound; Congo, *». 5<)« Souihong, 3s. 3d. Sir.glo, 3s. 3d. Jfyfon, 4s. 1 id.

Reflrifllon at all future Sales.

Company to keep a proper Stock of Tea in their Ware-houses. Su,

Clause relative to Tea sold by the Company, but which shal remain in the't WarehoulVs, in entire Lots, &c. cn Sept. J$, I7S4.

Tea Dralers, not refidin* within the Bilb of Mortality, or Ho-rouph of Southwark, who are p ,(WTid of any Che'ls of Tea in the Package wherein it was im pot ted, See*

may return the

Li me tot?." Company’s W jrc-house Keeper:

And if the Com-pnv are i -a i & -L, d ho h Tea Lks not been unpacked, &r. they; re to alioAr the Pialei the piime Co ft paid fox the ume, Si c.

C. 38. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

the said United Company shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, put up and expose to publick Sale, at the least, five Millions of Pounds Weight of Tea; and shall, in like Manner, at some other Time before the thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and 1 Ohty-four, make another Sale, at which they shall, in the like Manner, p it up, at the lead, two millions five hundred thousand Pounds Weight of Tea; and shall thenceforward continue to make at the lead four Sales in every Year and, as near as conveniently may be, at equal Distances of Time, and shall put up at such Sales such Calamities of Tea as shall be judged sufficient to supply the Demand; and that at each and every such Sale, the Tea so put up shall be fold without Reserve to the highest Bidder, provided an Advance of one Penny per Pound shall be bid upon the Prices at which the same shall be put up; and that at the four first Sales, which shall be made after the passing of this Act, the Prices at which the said Tea shall be put up and exposed to Sale shall not exceed the following Rates; videlicet,

For Bohea Tea, one Shilling and seven Pence per Pound;

For Congo Tea, two Shillings and five Pence per Pound;

For Souchong Tea, three Shillings and three Pence per Pound;

For Singlo Tea, three Shillings and three Pence per Pound;

For Hyfon Tea, four Shillings and eleven Pence per Pound;

And that it shall not he, at any Time hereafter, lawful for the said UnUed Company to put up their Tea for Sale at any Prices which shall, upon the Whole of the Tea so put up at any one Sale, exceed the prime Cost thereof, with the Freight and Charges of Importation, together with lawful Interest from the Time of the Arrival of such Tea in Great Britain, and the common Premium of Insurance, as a Compensation for the Sea Rifle incurred thereon; and that the said United Company shall from Time to Time fend Orders for the Purchase of such Quantifies of Tea, and provide sufficient Ships to import the same, as, being added to the Stock in their Warehouses, and to the Quantities ordered and not arrived, shall amount to a sufficient Supply for the keeping a Stock at lead equal to one Year’s Consumption, according to the Sales of the last preceding Year, always beforehand; and that the said United Company shall, from Time to Time, lay before the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, Copies of the Accounts and Eihmates upon which such Orders for Importation, or Prices for Sale, or Quantities put up to Sale, shall be grounded, whenever such Orders shall be sent out, or such Sales made, or as often as they shall be called upon for the Time, by the said Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being.

VI. And whereas, for the Relief of all Persons now possessed of Tea bought of the said United Company, but remaining in their Warehouses as aforesaid, it hath been agreed by the said United Company, in compliance with the unanimous Opinion of a General Meeting of the said Persons, to take back from them ali such Tea at prime Cost, as shall, on the said fifteenth Day of October, one thousand seven bundled and eighty-four, remain in the Warehouses of the said Company in entire Lots, or in Lots not diminished after the Date of such Agreement;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bargains made by the said United Company respecting such Tea as is herein-before deferred, as (having been sold at their Sales) shall, on the said fifteenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, remain in their Warehouses not delivered to the Buyers thereof, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, null and void; and that the said Company shall forthwith grant to each of the fud Buyers a Certificate of the Sum of Money which each of the said Buyers shall have paid to the said United Company in respect thereof; which Certificates shall be received by the said Company as and in lieu of Cash to the lame Amount, in Payment for any Tea bought at their next ensuing Sale; or, if not so tendered in Payment, the said Company shall, upon Demand, at any Time after the prompt Day, or Day of Payment, to be appointed for Tea to be so bought at their next Sale, pay the same in Cadi 10 the Haider thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Tea Dealer, not residing within the Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of Southwark, who shall, at the Time of passing this Act, have in his, her, or their PoflHSon, one or more cir ire Chest or Chests of Tea in the same Package in wircb it was originally impoued into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants trading to the Rail IndieSj and for which the Inland Duties shall have been paid by or in the Name of such Dealer, and which shall have been purchi.fed at either t-f the two last Sales of the said Company, and which shall have been conveyed directly from the Warehouses of the said Company to toe Warehouse or Shop of such Tea Dealer, to return such Chest or Chests of Tea, by the most proper and speedy Conveyance, to the Warehouse-keeper of the said Company; a List of which Chests, containing an Account of the Number of each Chest, the Weight of Tea contained in it, and the Price which it cost at the Company’s Sale, together with the Name of the Ship in which it was imported, and the Folio in which it was printed in the Company’s Sale Book, shall be delivered to the Warehouse-keeper of the said Company within eight Days after the passing of this Act, and the said Chest or Chests ot Tea shall be taken into the Warehouses of the said Company; and if it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Company, that the Tea which is contained in any Chest so returned has not been unpacked since ic was delivered from the W^arch,'u<es of the said Company, but is the same which was originally contained therein, then the prime Cost of such Chest or Chests of Tea, which shall have been paid by such Dealer or Dealers, shall be allowed to such Dealer or Dealers, in Part of Payment for such Tea purchased at the n-xt Sale of the East India Company; but if the said East India Company shall be of Opinion that tlffe Tea contained in such Chest or Chests so returned is not the same as was originally contained therein, or thar any unfair Practice shall have been made use of, it shall be lawful for the said Company to refute such Chest or Chests of Tea; and that, for every Chest of Tea accepted, as herein-before provided, 1

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Geo no 11 III.

C. 38. 513

by the said East India Company, the Commissioners of Excise shall deliver a Certificate of the Sum of Money which has been paid for the Inland Duties on the Tea contained in such Chest, to the Dealer returning the same 5 and such Certificate shall be taken by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Payment of the Customs which shall he due on the Teas to be purchased at the next Sale of the East India Company; provided that every Dealer shall, within five Days after the passing of this Act, deliver to the Excise Officer who usually. surveys the Stock of such Dealer, a Lilt of the l eas proposed to be returned to the Warehouses of thz East India Company, in all Re/pcdL firnilar to that herein-before directed to be delivered to the Warehouse-keeper of the said Company.

VIII. Provided always, That no Dealer shall be permitted to return to the East India Company any Co.Tpiny not whole Package either of Green or Black Tea, unless it shall appear thar such Dealer had in his Stock, at the l?.ft Survey made thereof, previous to the first Day of Au?v/l, one thousand seven hundred and ^;?fsl, clhe eighty-four, as much of either or both of those Sorts, over and above the Chests so intended to be re- Cu|jr5 hetein turned, as would, according to his usual Consumption, to be computed upon the Average of the lass four mentionei Jre Months previous to the said first Day of August be (ufficienc to supply the same from that Time till the complied wub* fifteenth Day of September next; and an Account of the usual Consumption of such Dealer, and of the Amount of his Stock of Green and Black Teas respectively, at the Time any whole Packages are returned,

shall be transmitted, by the Officer of Excise who usually surveys such Dealer, to the Commissioners of Excise, and also to the Warehouse-keeper of the East India Company; and such Officer of Excise shall also transmit to the Directors of the East India Company an Account of all Teas which have, since the twenty-fifth Day of July last, been taken into the Stock of any Dealer who shall fend any Chest of Tea? to be returned as aforesaid, to the End, that if it should appear to the said Directors that there is just Cause to suspect that any of the Tea so taken into the Stock of such Dealer has not paid the full Duties to which the same by Law was liable, the said Directors may, in such Case, refuse to receive any Teas whatever from such Dealer.

IX. And whereas there are certain Quantities of Prize Teas now remaining under the Locks of his Majesty's Officers of the Customs and Excise, for which the Duties of Customs have been paid,

and certain other Quantities of Prize Teas damaged by Salt Water are now remaining in two private

Warehouses under the Survey of his Majesty's Officers of Excise, where they were removed for the Convenience of drying the same, for which the Duties of Customs and Excise have been paid;’ be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Ownersofeer-Treasury, or any three or more of them, to direct, by Warrants under their Hands, the Commissioners tain Prize Tea* of his Majesty's Customs or Excise respectively to repay to the Owners or Proprietors of such Teas the joberepaiuhe Amount of the Duties which have been received for such Part of the said Teas as shall be remaining in fu^,ep^ac,d^or the Custody and under the Survey above-mentioned, on the fifteenth Day of September, one thousand remajn in seven hundred and eighty-four; provided it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Com- the Warehousei missioners of the Treasury, that the Duties on the said Teas, so remaining on the Day above mentioned, n s*pr- 15* have been actually received by the Officers of the Customs and Excise: Provided always, That the *7*41 Owners or Proprietors of the said Teas shall pay the Duty of eighteen Pounds and ten Shillings per But for which Centum, according to the Prices at which the same were bought, for such Parts or Parcels thereof as they shall pay the shall be remaining under the Locks of his Majesty's Officers of Customs or Excise, or under Survey in Duty°f 181.101. the two Warehouses as above mentioned. ^er Cent'

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of October, From Oct. to, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid, urito his Majesty, >7*4, the foi-his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective additional Rates and Duties upon all inhabited Houses, asherein-afeer mentioned, according to the Number of Windows or Lights in each; (that is to say,) *aidu£rs "14 c

inhabited Houses in Great Britain; videlicet j

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated, under the Authority of an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, I Windows, and Lights; and/or granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, at three Shillings, the additional yearly Sum of three Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for seven Windows, the additional yearly Sum of six Shillings: ,

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner lor eight Windows, the additional yearly Sum of eight Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of ten Shillings and six Pence:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be ratefl in like Manner for ten Windows, the additional yearly Sum of thirteen Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which.

With the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for eleven Windows, the additional yearly Sum of fifteen Shillings and six Pence: for every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for twelve Windows, the additional yearly Sum of eighteen Shillings;

For every Dwelling-house, See, rated by Act 6 Geo. 3. Cap.

3s. an adci-tional 3s. 1

For every Dwelling-house, See, rated for 7 Wjj*. dows, 6s. t For 8 Window!. 8s.:

For 9 Window#,

z 05. Od.:

For

For roWia. dowr, 131.*

For 11 Window 1, 15J, 6d.%

For 12 Window*,

5H

Tor 13 Windows, 1). 11. l

For 14 Window 5, ll. 5s:

For Win-do*, ll. jos,;

For 16 Windows, il. 155 3

For 17 Windows, 2I;

For ift Windows, al. 5s.;

For 19 Windows, zl. 10s.:

For ao Win-J dow», ll. 15S.J

For ai Windows, 3l.3

For it Window*, 3l. 58.:

For 23 Windows, 3U ics.:

For 14 Windows, 3l. !$« S

For 25 to 29 Windows, 4l.5

For 30 to 34 Window?, 4-i« los. s

For 35 to 39 Windows, 5l.5

For 40 to Windows,

5l. ios.5

For 45 to 49 Windows, 61.1

For $0 to 54 Window*,

61. ics.

For 55 to 59 Windows, 7*!

For 60 to 64 Windows,

?1. 103.*

For 65 to 69 Windows, SJ.*

For 70 to 74 Windows,

SI. roi.i

For 75 <° 79, Windows, 9’.*

C. 38. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sefll 2.

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner lor thirteen Windows, the additional yearly Sum of one Pound one Shilling:

For every Dwelling-house inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for fourteen Windows, the additional yearly Sum of one Pound, five Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for fifteen Windows, the additional yearly Sum of one Pound, ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for sixteen Windows, the additional yearly Sum of one Pound, fifteen Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhibited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated iu like Manner for seventeen Windows, the additional yearly Sum of two Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be fated in like Manner for eighteen Windows, the additionil yearly Sum of two Pounds, five Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for nineteen Windows, ths additional yearly Sum of two Pounds, ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for twenty Windows, the additional yearly Sum of two Pounds, fifteen Shillings:

For every Dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for twenty-one Windows, the additional yearly Sum of three Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for twenty-two Windows, the additional yearly Sum of three Pounds, five Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for twenty-three Windows, the additional yearly Sum of three Pounds, ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling- house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for twenty-four Windows, the additional yearly Sum of three Pounds, fifteen Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for twenty-five Windows, and not more than twenty nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of four Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for thirty Window's, and not more than thirty four Windows, the additional yearly Sum of four Pounds, ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for thirty-five Windows, and not more than thirty-nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of five Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for forty Windows, and not more than forty-four Windows, the additional yearly Sum of five Pounds, ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* which, with the Household and other Offices, is orotght to be rated in like Manner for forty-five Windows, and not more than forty-nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of six Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for fifty Windows, and not more than fifty-four Windows, the additional yearly Sum of six Pounds ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for fifty-five Windows, and not more than fifty-nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of seven Pounds:.

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is wrought to be rated in like Manner for sixty Windows, and not more than sixty-four Windows, the additional yearly Sum of seven Pounds, ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for sixty-five Windows, and not more than fixry-nine Windows, the addition il yearly Sum of eight Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for fevemy Windows, and not more than seventy-four Windows, the additional yearly Sum of eight Pounds, ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for seventy-five Window* and not more <hao seventy-nioe Windows, the additional yearly Sum of nine Pounds:

for

For 85 to 89 Windows, 10l. 1

For 90 to 94 Windows,

JOi. io?.i

F*r 95 to $9 Windows, j il,s

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. .38. 515

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which. For So to J4 With the Household and other Offices, is or ought co be rated in like Manner for eighty Windows, and n it mote than eighty-four Windows, the additional yea/ly Sum of nine Pounds, ten Shillings: 9*i©».s

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for eighty-five Windows, and not mote than eighty-nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum often Hounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of which,

with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for ninety Windows, and not more than ninety-four Windows, the additional yearly Surn of ten Pounds, ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for ninety-five Windows, and not more than ninety-nine Windows, the additional ycaily Sum of eleven Pounds:

For every Dwelling-ho use, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, for to iff with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for one hundred Windows, Windowl» J*1* and not more than one bundled and nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of twelve Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabi:td or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which. For 12010119 with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for one hundred and ten Windows, and not more than one hundred and nineteen Windows, the additional yearly Sum of thirteen Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, For no to 129 with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for one hundred and twenty Windowi» *4*-t Windows, and not more than one hundred and twenty-nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of fourteen Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, For vf*t* *if with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for one hundred and thirty 's1*

Windows, and not more than one hundred and thirty-nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of fifteen Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, For 140 to 149 with the Household and other Offices, is or our ought to be rated in like Manner for one hundred and forty Windows, 161. Windows, and not more than one hundred and forty-nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of sixteen Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which. For 15010159 with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for one hundred and fifty Wi*d®«s 17b* Windows, and not more than one hundred and fifty-nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of seventeen Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, For 160 to 169 with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for one hundred and sixty Window#, itl.t Windows, and not more than one hundred and sixty-nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of eighteen Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, For 170(0179 with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for one hundred and seventy Window* Windows, and not more than one hundred and seventy-nine Windows, the additional yearly Sum of nineteen Pounds:

For every Dwelling-house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which, frr iSo with the Household and other Offices, is or ought to be rated in like Manner for one hundred and eighty Wi, Mjo, rr» Windows, and upwards, the additional yearly Sum of twenty Pounds. upvmdt, aol,

XL. And whereas it may happen that one and the same Person is the Occupier or Inhabitant of three occupy*

or more Houses at the same Time, which, under the Directions and Provisions of this Act, must necef- "t three or farily be charged with the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, unless specially provided for* and it not being t#

intended that such Persons should be liable to pay the said Rates and Duties for more than two such ihoft Two/

Houses;* it is therefore hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no one Person which contain stall be subjected to the Payment of any of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed for more than two the greueft Houses which he or she shall occupy at the same Time: Provided always, That each Person shall, in all of

cases, nay the said Rates and Duties for two such Houses as shall contain the greatest Number of Win- Wmdo*u dows of any two Houses in his or her Occupation.

XII. And, in order to provide for the Relief of such Persons as may be the Occupiers or Inhabitants of three or more Houses charged with and assessed for the Duties hereby imposed at the same Time,’ it h further enacted and declared, That every such Person, intending to be relieved from the Payment of CUufc fgr -> more than two thereof, shall, when called upon by the Collectors of the several Parishes or Places, for lief of Person* the Payment of the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, or previous thereto, by him or herself, his or occupying more her Agent or Servants, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to them, in every inch Parish or Place wherein than two Houset,

L.

the Charges or Rates made for every such House hereby intended to be exempted*, which Notice or Declaration the said Collectors are hereby directed to deliver over to the Surveyor or inspector for the DisttiA which such Parish or Place shall be situated, for their Information, and in order to their making an fcntryof the same in their Books, and for enabling them to make a proportionable Deduction from the Charge aeainst such Collectors.

Gtwa

516 C. 38.' Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

Person» not paying for such T*o Houses according to thei N oti« j^tven to the Col-U Clots to forfeit 50 1.

The aforesaid Rates to be paid in Additijn to those charged bjr Act 6 Geo. 3. Cap. 3& f and 19 Geo. 3. C*j> 59.

AncfTrents to

be nude out from Otl. 1O,

17S4 to AytA

j, i;Sj, «"

Appeal therefrom *hen to be heard.

From April 5, 17*5, the Dufies to be af-tlTed annually.

Duties, in England, to be paid quiiCerly.;

and 1*0 Scotland, £^lf*jrcarly%

Duties to be c barged art the Drcupicts of Houses.

Poor People, exempted from Church and poor Rates, not liable.

The Duties to be alleHed and col-]e£ied in the same Manner, and under the same Penal i«» &c. as those gran’ed by the follow ingAfls: 20 Geo. if Cap. 3 i

20 Geo. s,

Cap. 4*»

at Geo. ly.

Cap. 10;

26 Geo. s, Cap. 1' i 3i Geo. a, Cap. aa i

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons shall omit or neglect to pay for such two Houses in their Occupation, containing the greatest Number of Windows, according to the Notice they shall give to the Collectors in the Parishes or Places in which they have Houses for which they shall claim Exemption, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay, for fevery such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the said several Rates and Duties hereby respectively charged as aforesaid shall be paid, over and above, and in Addition to the respective Duties charged upon Houses and Windows by virtue of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and of another Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain; and for amending the said Act: And also for amending so much of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as imr fojes a Duty on all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Assessments shall be rpade out for raising the Duties upon inhabited Houses by this present Act imposed, from the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; which Assessment shall be certified by the Assessors, and returned by them to the Commissioners, on or before the third Day of December, one thousand feverv hundred and eighty-four; and that the Surveyors shall and may, on or before the twentieth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five following, certify their Surcharges for raising the said Duties for the said two Quart ters, to the said Commissioners; and all Appeals, in respect to the said two Quarters AftUlments, shall and may be heard and determined between the sixth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the fourth Day of April following; and that from and after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said Duties shall be afiefled annually for one whole Year, to commence from the fifth Day of April in each Year and that in all future Years the Assessment shall be made out and certified, and the Surcharges certified, and the Appeals heard, at the same Time as the Assessments, Surcharges, and Appeals, are made, certified, and heard, on the Duties on Houses and Windows.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties by this Act granted shall, in that Part of Great Britain called England, be paid quarterly, on the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say,) on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October in every Year, by equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be made on the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, yearly, for the half Year betwixt Martinmas-day and Whitsunday, and on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September yearly, for the half Year betwixt Whitsunday and Martinmas*

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties granted by this Act shall be charged only upon the Inhabitants or Occupiers for the Time being of the Houses or Tenements hereby charged, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, and not on the Landlord or Landlords who let or demise the same (except in the Cases herein after mentioned), any Covenantor Agreement made or entered into previous to the passing of this Act, relative to the Payment of any Duties or Assessments imposed, or to be imposed upon such Houses or Tenements, or upon such Inhabitants or Occupiers, in respect thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty shall be imposed, assessed, or levied, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Tenement, whereof the Occupier or Occupiers, by reason of his, her, or their Poverty only, 13 or *rc exempted from the actual Payment of the usual Taxes, Afietfmenta, and Contributions towards the Church and Poor.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed shall be afiefted, raised, levied, collected, and received by Persons to be appointed by the same Authority, for the Purposes herein after expressed, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions* as are prescribed and appointed for assessing, railing, levying, collecting* receiving, and paying the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in and by an Act of Parliament made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Adaseftt ether Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and f'or raising the Sum of four millions four hurt* deed thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties; and by another Act, nhade in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enforce the Execution of an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and by another Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled,4 An Act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties; and by an Acrf made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or Lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions y and upon Houses; and upon Windows or

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. 5*7

Lights; and for raising the Sum offive millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An » Geo. 3. Cap. 8 Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon ffiindoivs or Lights; and by the said hereinbefore mentioned Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and by rtwo Acts for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, made in the eighteenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by any of them, so fir co,

as the same now remain in Force, or are not altered by this Act; and that all and every the Powers,

Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in Force, contained in the said several Acts, or any of them, for the ailefling, raising, levying, collecting, and,

paying the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, praft;fedt and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several Duties upon all inhabited Houses, by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Indents and Purposes, as the same are or may be, for the assessing, raising, levying, col-ieiting, and charging the Rates and Duties granted by the aforesaid Aits, or any of them, so far as the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Penalties are applicable hereunto, and not altered by this Act.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies that shall arise by the Duty on Moniet Tea granted by this Act, and all the Arrears of the several Duties and Subsidies hereby repealed, shall, by rb $ together with the Monies that shall arise by the additional Duties on inhabited Houses, granted by this p»<iintoti.eE*« Act (which additional Duties on inhabited Houses shall be paid, by the several Persons who shall be ap- Re«iv-ro-ner I pointed to receive the same, into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs), be applied and paid o/the Customi: by him into the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the several distinct Heads of Subsidy, or Customs, as the Duties or Subsidies hereby repealed have been paid in there, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament for appropriating the fame; and in case the whole Amount of the Subsidy granted, together with the And in of Monies hereby directed to be paid to the said Receiver General, shall at any Time, in any one Quarter, * exceed the Sum of eighty-seven thousand one hundred thirty-six Pounds, sixteen Shillings, and ei*?ht- KereHer

pence Farthing, being the one-fourth Part of three hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred forty- corral of seven Pounds, six Shillings, and nine Pence, the average Produce of the several Duties and Subsidies on Excuc,

Teas for five Years, with the Addition of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, laid upon the said Duties and Subsidies by the Acts of the nineteenth and twenty-second Years of his Majesty's Reign, the said Receiver General shall pay over such Surplus into the Hands of the Receiver General of Excise, which shall be by him distributed, in due Proportion, to the respective Heads of Excise to which the Duties of Excise onTeas, repealed by this Act, were applicable, and shall be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the Rate of one hundred thirty-eight thousand nine hundred seventy-nine Pounds, five Shillings, and ten Renee half-penny per Quarter, being the one-fourth Part of five hundred fifty-five thousand nine hundred and seventeen Pounds, three Shillings and six Pence, the Average of the Excise Duties on Tea for five Years, with the Addition of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, laid upon the said Duties of Excise by the Acts of the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and such Money, so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, Monies piij jn* by the said Receiver General of the Customs, and Receiver General of the Excise, respectively, shall be to the txche* applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the former Duties on Teas hereby repealed were applicable unto; and in case any Deficiency shall happen in he said Duties, the said Receivers General respectively !e

shall return Certificates thereof into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer aforesaid; and such Deficiency shall from Time to Time be made good by or out of such Money as shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the Surplusses, ExceiTes, or Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund% at any Quarter Day after the said Certificates respectively shall have been returned into the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt; and whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Sinking Fund, shall be replaced by or out of the fi/ft Supplies to be then-after granted by Parliament.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Receipt of the Receiver General of the Cuf- Re<*rt of the tqn)8 shall be a fufiicitnc Discharge to the several Persons who shall be appointed to receive the Lid Receive General additional Duties, on inhabited Houses; and also the Receipt of the Receiver General of the Excise tabeVDuch"* shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Receiver General of the Customs for such Monies as he shall pay in the Keec.V

pursuance of this Act; and the said Receipts shall severally be allowed by the Aqditor or Auditors in new Du ics

Puffing ihcir respective Accounts. 01 &c.

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Subsidy on Teas hereby granted, If anyone together with the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, also granted by this Act, shall, in any one rherc

Quarter, produce more than sufficient to satisfy the said Sum of eighty-seven thousand one hundred and Sur*

thirty-six Pounds, sixteen Shillings, and eight Pence Farthing, to make good the like Sum to be re- anting by thiT placed to the several Subsidies or Custom Duties on Teas, by this Act repealed, and also the Sum of a«, the ne one hundred thirty-eight thousand nine hundred seventy-nine Pounds, five Shillings, and ten Pence A»ii be- a,p.ie*i Halfpenny; to make good the ):ke Sum to be replaced to the respective Duties of Excise on Teas, by this lowa,f*

Act also repealed, the Surplus which remains, after satisfying the above Sums, shall be applied towards ^led malting good the like Sums charged upon the faiu Subsidy and Duty on Houses, Windows, and.Lights, in ftexi the next succeeding Quarter.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That separate Sqwatf AfT-flt Assessments shall be made out for raising the Duties hereby imposed, which AlIHTments shall be brought; n»em* ih*n be ,n by the Assellors in Writing under their Hands, and be verified upon their Oaths1, and ndt otherwise, as ar d

required by the Act of the twentieth Year of his late Majesty's Reign first above mentioned, upon Pain a ^Hotb^udo^ or Forfeiture of any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; and that the Com- OaU. roissioners for putting this Aftin Execution shall cause true Duplicates of the said A'ffeilaieiiVs to be made

Sefl*. 2.

si*

Commissioner* tf former AO» relating to the Duttei do House* and Windows, Hiali be Commissionen for executing this

tnd flisll meet on or before O&u, 17841 lie.

In ease Commissionerx fcoald not meet at the Time prescribed, they may meet and execute this Act at any other Time,

Notice to be given that the A (Teflon under the for mer Afl* are A (Teflon under this Act.

In case r»o Affcflora shall be ppotn’eJ, Surveyors ivay do their Doty.

Surveyors, triec a Year, to make a Surcharge of Houses omitted or undercharged.

Notice to be given to the Occupiers for-chi'grd, end the Aftifl&nenta to be rectified.

If a Surcharge shall be omitted the first half Year, it may be made for the whole Year. Where Hoafce are let to 4<tfferent Trot-ments, the Landlord shall be deemed tM Occupier,

C. 38. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

out, delivered, and transmitted, in such Manner as is directed by any of the said former Acts relating to the Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, with respect to the Duplicates of the Alldlments therein mentioned.

XXIV. ' And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better Execution of this Act, and for the ordering, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Duties hereby granted, the Commissioners authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in Execution' the said herein-before mentioned Acts relating to the Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, or inhabited Houses, or any of them, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution thip present Act, and the Powers therein contained, in all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries. Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within Great Britain; and that the said Commissioners, m order to the speedy Execution of this Act, shall, in their respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, fr»r which they are or shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet on or before the eleventh Day of October, one thousand I’ev^n hundred and eighty* four $ and shall in like Manner meet yearly and every Year, at such Day or Time as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think property appoint, before the thirtieth Day of April yearly; and shall then divide themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this present Act, for allotting, railing,- levying, and collect-ine the Duties hereby granted, in such and the same Manner, and under the same Regulations and Directions, as are prescribed by the said before mentioned Acts, or any of them, with respect: to the Rate* and Duties thereby imposed (except in such Cases in which an Alteration is made by this Act).

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, by any Negligence or Default, there shall not have been a Meeting of the said Commissioners, and a due Execution of the several Powers hereby created, within or at the Time or Times, or according to the Manner or Circumstances directed or prescribed in and by this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, in all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stewart ties. Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and Towns, in Great Britain respectively, whereia such Default shall have happened, to meet and execute the said Powers at any other Time or Times, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding \ and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith, or as Coon as may be after the Time or Times at which such Meetings should have been held, and such Powers should have been executed, according to the Directions of this present Act* to meet and execute the same, so as that the said Rates and Duties be duly and effectually charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Pun poses in this Act, notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect; and all such Meetings and Acts of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect.

XXVI. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be inserted, in the Precepts to be from Time to Time directed by them to the Inhabitants of the Parishes or Places within their respective Districts or Divisions, whom they shall think fit to be Presentors or Assessors under the said before-mentioned Acts, or any of them, that such Persons are also appointed Assessors of the Duties on all inhabited Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, granted by this Act.

XXVII. And, for the more effectually levying and collecting the Duty imposed by this Act/ be it enacted and declared, That in case at any Time the Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act in that Part of Great Britain called England and Wales, or in case at any Time the Commissioners of Supply in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall neglect to appoint A (Fedors, or in case the A(Fedors by them appointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them by this Act, that then, and in any such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of any of the before-mentioned Acts, to do and perform such and the like Services as are by the said Acts required from such Assessors.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said sixteenth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the said Surveyor or Surveyors (hal)i twice in every Year, to wit, on or before the tenth Day of January and the tenth Day of August yearly, certify in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, by way of Surcharge, to any three of more of the said Commissioners, what inhabited Houses have been omitted to be charged, or have been undercharged, wich the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, in the Assessment made of the same for the then current Year and that thereupon, and upon Oath being first made that Notice was left in Writing at the Dwelling Houses of the several Occupiers so charged or surcharged by virtue of such Certificate, that the Surveyors intended to charge them in such Manner, and according to such Number of Windows, as they shall be charged for by virtue of such Certificate, the said Commissioners, or any three or more or them, shall cause such Assessment to be rectified according to such Certificate, and delivered to the Cosa leftors, and the said Rates and Dnttes shall be levied accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Surveyor or Surveyors shall, after tbi fail filth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, omit to make a Surcharge or Surcharges for the first half Year, it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors to make a Surcharge or Surcharges for the whole Year.

XXX. And be it further enacted and declared, That where any House shall be divided into different

Stories, Tenements, or Lodgings, and shall be inhabited by two or more Persons or Families, the same shall nevertheless be subject to, and shall, in like Manner, pay the Duties granted by this Act, as if such House or Tenement was inhabited by one Person or Family only; and the Landlord or Owner of House shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier of such Dwelling-house, and shall be charged wits* and liable to pay the Duties imposed by this Act.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. 519

XXXI. And be it likewise enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Dwelling- Dwelling Room >o(Hns in every Hall and Office whatsoever, belonging to any Person or Persons, or to any Bodies ^Offices, Politick or Corporate, that are or may be lawfully charged with the Payment of any other Taxes or Parish Rates, shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act, and shall be respectively charged as in- Parish Rate?, to habited Houses, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Person or Persons, Bodies b« subject t<Ah* Politick or Corporate, to whom the same shall belong, shall be charged and assessed as the Occupier or Dutie* granted Occupiers thereof: Provided always, That each distinct Chamber or Apartment, in any College or tyihiaAft. H41 in any of the Universities of Great Britain, shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act, as if the same was an entire House.

XXXII. And be it likewise enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Chamber or Apartmcatt m Apartment in any of the Inns of Court or Chancery, being severally in the Tenure aryl Occupation of any coim'

Person or Persons, shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act, as if the same was an entire House. to°"he Dotici!

[Not to extend

XXXIII. Provided nevertheless, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, any House or Tenement in tauj House the Possession or Occupation of his Majesty, or any of the Royal Family, nor to subject or charge any occupied by the Ambaffafor or Foreign Minister, residing in the Kingdom of Great Britain^ to or with the Payment of Family,'; the said Duties granted by this Act. *c#

XXXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Rules and Regulations provided by the Regulation* in

Acts of the eighteenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty before mentioned, for the Aa*ofi$ exempting all Warehouses and Buildings requisite for carrying on Manufactures, Trades, Occupations* !n<1,5'Cf0* jv and Callings, from the Duties on inhabited Houses, imposed by thsfe Acts, shall be extended to exempt w^rchoiS'e$1&c* all such Warehouses and Buildings, in like Manner, from the Rates and Duties imposed by this extended tothi* Ad. Act

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein Hospiult, 4c*. contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any Hospital, Charity School, exen, Pled t

or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, to the Payment of the Rate or Duty imposed by this Act, except such Apartments therein as are or may be occupied by the Officers or Ser- except Apirr. nnts thereof, which shall be subject to the same Duty (according to the Number of Windows in each); as other inhabited Houfts are by this Act subject to CCf,# c#

XXXVI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons P«re»t* ani

chargeable with the Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, shall be under the Age of twenty-one Years, in Guardian* liable-every such Case the Parents, Guardians, and Tutors of such Infants respectively, upon Default of Pay- or Ifl*

ment by such Infants, shall be, and are hereby made liable to and charged with the Payments which the said Infants ought to have made; and if such Parents, Guardians, or Tutors, shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against them in like Manner as against any other Person or Persons making Default of Payment of the Duties hereby granted; and all Parents, Guardians, and Tutors, making Payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed altand every Sum and Sums paid for such Infants in his, her, or their Accounts.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Payment of any of the Rates

and Duties granted by this Act, by any Occupier or Occupiers of any Dwelling-house or Houses, in Bain a Se*llc~ any Parish or Place, shall not entitle the Person or Persons so paying such Rates or Duties to a legal ^ent of the* Settlement in such Parish or Place. ... Rate*.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That no House shall, within the Intention of this What iWcs

Act, be deemed or taken to be an inhabited House, except the same shall be inhabited by the Owner, or be deemed, his Servant or Servants, or by a Tenant or Tenants renting the fame. inhabited.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable, in England, Wales, or Commissioncn, Benvick upon Tweed, of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or executing any of the j," 1

Powers herein contained (unless it be the Power hereby given of administering Oaths), until such Time Jhe 1h*\e uke* as he shall have taken the Oaths appointed by the Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign the Oaths ap-of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person pointed by Act and Government, and the Succession of tin Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; 1 Gt0* 1* Cap. and fir extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his oten and secret Abettors; which 13,1 Oaths and any others prescribed to be taken by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the Commissioners to administer, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer the same, to any other of the said Commissioners accordingly.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person hereby appointed a Commissioner for onPtn»h»of' any County, City, Town, or Place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall presume to act as aool. a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before he shall have taken the Oaths which by this Act he w required to take, and in Manner hereby prescribed* he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XLI. Provided always, That every Person appointed by this Act to be a Commissioner for executing Gbmmffio*er* the several Powers herein contained, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, before his ailing in Scotland, to

a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, take and sub- »h*theO»tb* feribe the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration, and subscribe the Assurance appointed by Law to be taken

subscribed by Persons in Offices of publitkTruft \n Scotland, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of JortlO0> Jytnty Pounds Sterling; which Oaths it shall and maybe lawful for any two or more of the said on Penalty of -vommissionera to administer, and they are hereby, required to administer the same accordingly. »ol.

XLII. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to- Assessoratob*

appointed an Assessor as aforesaid shall, before he presumes to ail in the Execution of the said Office W himploymeitf* take the following Oath.:

I A, B,

520

Tiie Oath,

Comirvfiioiwrs fir the City of London, &c. to tie (worn a* to their Qu»Iifici-tion.

The Oath.

Penalty on Com*

mi (Tinner* aftirg before fhev hive taken the Oath*.

Persons overrated may appeal to the Commissionen.

Commissioners, on' hearing of Appeali, not to make any Abatement in the Affc Ament, Arc. unless Proof be jrtade on Oath, that the AypeJ-lant is overrated.

Persons intending to appeal, are ro give 10 Days Notice to the Assessors,&e,

Determination of the Corr.missioners to be final. Except, Sec.

Persons difDtiffied with tve Deter^rina io of the Comm i (fullers. ms)» in England or W,l<s np peal to one of the Justices of the Court of King’s Bench, See.

Q. 3 JL Anno vicesimo quarto. Georgii III. Seflr 2;

I A.B. dd swear [or affirm, as the Case may require] that, in the Assessment which I shall make of the a Houses and Htaufebolff pflFes within the District or Parish for which I am appointed an Assessor, I 4 will rate each according to the whole Number of Windows therein, to the best of my Knowledge and Judgment; and that will truly and faithfully execute the Trusts reposed in me by virtue of an Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his-prefim Mry for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to his Majesty ether Duties in lieu thereof; and a If0 several Duties on inhabited Houses; and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee; and for repealing the Inland Duties of ExJje thereon.

Which Oath any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Shire, City, or Place, where the Assessment h to be made, are hereby impowered and required to administer.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this present Act, or any of the Powers herein contained* within the City of London, and Liberty of Saint Martin U Grand\ nor within the City and Liberty of Westminster% unless such Person be possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Personal Eftare, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds at least, after the Payment of all his Debts, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; which Qualification they shall swear to, previous to their acting as aforesaid, or (being one of the People called Quakers) make and subscribe his solemn Affirmation, in the following Form:

I A.B. do swear, [1or affirm, as the Case may require], that, truly and bona fde, I have such an Estate,

A confiding of [specifying the fameJ, of the clear Value of two thousand Pounds, over and above what will facisfy and uifcharge all my lAbis.

So help me GOD.

And if any Person shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this present Act, or any of the lowers herein contained, within the City of London, and Liberty of Saint Martin leGrand, or within the Ciry and Liberty of Westminster, before he shall have taken such Oath, or made such Affirmation as herein-before is directed, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons who will inform and sue for the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively overcharged or over-rated by any Assessment, Charge, or Surcharge, to be made by virtue of of in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for him or them respectively to appeal to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals; and that all such Appeals shall be heard and determined on the Days appointed, and in the Manner directed in the several Acts herein-before mentioned, with respect to the Rates and Duties thereby granted.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not, upon the Hearing of any Appeal, make any Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge or Surcharge made upon any Person by such Assessment as aforesaid, or the Surcharge of any such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, but the same shall (land good, and remain Part of the annual Assessments, unless it shall then appear to the said Commissioners, by Examination of the Circumstances of the Case upon Oath, that such Person hath been over-rated in and by such Assessment or Surcharge; in which Cases the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered, upon every such Appeal, to abate or diminish any such Assessment to be made as aforesaid, in such Manner as they shall think proper, and agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And every Person intending to appeal to the said Commissioners all, and is hereby required to give, at the lead, ten Days Notice thereof to any Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Parish or Place wherein such Person is assessed, of such Intention to appeal; and such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, may then and there attend and justify the said Assessment and Surcharge; and such Assessor and Assessors, Surveyor and Surveyors, and Appellant, shall have full and free Liberty to be present during all the Time of hearing such Appeals, and of the said Commissioners determining the same.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Appeals, once heard and determined by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the major Part of them then present, on the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing of Appeals, shall be final, except as herein after directed.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or the Persons so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon Tweed, shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or Appellant respectively, to require the said Commissioners to (late specially, and to sign the Ca'e upon which the Question arole, together with the Determination thereupon; whi< h Case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign accordingly* and to cause the same to be delivered to the Parry making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the Justices of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or to one of the Borons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being; and every such Justice and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which Opinion, so certified, the AflliTment which shall have been

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. 521

and in Scotland

been the Cause of such Appeal shall be altered or confirmed: And that If such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or the Person so appealing, in that Part 6f Great Britain called Scotland, shall f0°nc

apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and StVion

Meaning of this Act, and shall theh declare himself dr hetself dissatisfied with such Determinatidii, it shall or Barms of ExI

and may.be lawful to and for such Surveyor, or Person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said Com- chequer them

missioners, or the major Part of them then present, to state specially, and sign the Case upon which the

Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon; which Case the said Commissioners ate

hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making

such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the Judges of the Court of Session,

or one of the Barons of the Exchequer, in Scotland; and every such Judge and Baron is hereby required,

with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon

subscribed thereto; according to which Opinion, so certified, the Assessment which shall have be<*n the

Cause of such Appeal ill all be altered or confirmed: Provided always, That notwithstanding any such Calc

so transmitted to any of the said Justices, Judges, or Barons, the Determination of the said Commissioners shall stand, with respect to the Payments which shall become due precedent to the Opinion certified by any such Justice, Judge, or Baron, upon such Case.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred for any peruuu« and Offences against this Act, for which there is no particular Way of levying herein nreferibed or ;ippointeJ, Forfeitures ho\? shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with Costs of Suit, by Action to be recovered, of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager at Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all ConftaHes and Headboroughs, TythingMen, Constables, and other his Majesty's Officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoined, to be respectively aiding to be aiding and-and aflifiing in the Execution of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts and Warrants as shall ;» C1C-

beto them directed in that Behalf by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed, or any three or more cutinolhjlA* of them.

L. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, col- From s-p*. ?5r lested, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the several 1784» foi-Goods herein after mentoined, which shall, from and after the said fifteenth Day of September, one thou- losing additional sand seven hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought into this Kingdom from Foreign Paits, ir ^Vo his mV be delivered out of the Warehouses in which the same shall, on the said fifteenth Day of September, Se f^Ay i°viz! lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties heretofore payable 9 thereon, over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective Duties following; (that is to say,)

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, the Growth or Produce of any British Colony pr For ever? Plantation in America, and imported directly from thence, the Sum of Sixpence: Pound of Coco*

Nuts, the Produce of British America, ftc, 6d£

And in those Proportions for any greater or less Quantity: And the said Duties shall also be subject and liable toan additional Import or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum thereon, which

U;pr.

And for every like Pound Weight of Cocoa Nuts of any other Place, the Sum of one Shilling and Six- But if the Pro-

pence: r duce of any other Place, is. 6d.:

For every like Pound Weight of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation Fur t*trr in America, and imported directly from thence, the Sum of Sixpence:, Found of Cof.

fee, the Produce of British America, &c. 6d.i

And for every like Pound Weight of Coffee, of any other iPlace, the Sum of two Shillings and Six- But if the Pro. pence:, duce of any other Place, a*. 6d.

and New Duties to

which be fuhjedfc to an-

were imposed by two several Acts of Parliament, made in the nineteenth and twenty-second Years of his additional im. Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties Post of 5 Per under the Management of the respective Cuminiilioners of the Quftotns and Excile in Great Britain. Per

‘ imposed by 19 Geo. 3. Cap. 25; and*22 Geo. 3. Cap. 66s

1 ’

LI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties herein-before granted upon importDutie. to the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee shall be under the Management and Direction of the Com- be under the missioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready Management of Money, without any Discount or Deduction whatsoever; and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, col- the Commission. Rcted, recovered, and paid, and shall be drawn back upon the Exportation of the same Goods, ifi the *"of lI,*Cuf-"^f*e Manner and Form, and under such Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and by such Rules,

"^ays, and Methods, as the former Duties and Drawback* for such Goods are respectively raised, levied, Money, &c./ collected, recovered, paid, and allowed (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as fully, ta all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts of Parliament idatine thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of inis orefent Act.

LII. And it is further end d by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifteenth Day From s t P one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several, Duties and other impositiom of ,78+, tbTi’nl.n'd

rf ?( e -’ commonly called The Inland Duties upon all Coen a Nuts or Coffee imported, fold, or used m Dmies upon Co-Qio Kingdom, shall cease, determine* and jie no longer paid or payable. "

coa Nuts and Coffee co cease*.

£22

C mj - for T* e-l»f of Irnportcrt of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts,

If such Coffee or Coc«a Nuts shall COt be exported, or the Dut'e« paid, within u Months tho Commissioneri of the CuHomi my sell the same, &c.

Defendants may plead the Gene-Ill UJbe,

[Treble Costs.]

end have

[Preamble.]

C. 38, 39. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sc(T j.

LIII. Provided always, That in order to case the Merchants and Importers of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts from the Difficulty of paying down the full Duties imposed thereon by this Act, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties shall not be paid for any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts which shall be imported into this Kingdom, from and after the said fifteenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, provided that such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under his Majesty's Locks, in such Warehouse or Warehouses (to be provided at the Expence of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods) as the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, shall approve of for that Purpose, and shall nut be taken out or delivered from such Warehouse or Wareh.mL*, but upon the following Condition*; (that is to say,) If such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, or any Part thereof, shall be delivered for Exportation to foreign Parts, the same shall be subject and liable to the like Security. Regulations, and Restridiion, as East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain are now liable to by Law; but if such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, or any Part thereof, ilia) 1 be taken out in order to be used in this Kingdom, the Person or Persons so taking out the same shall first pay down the said additional Duties, and they shall in all other Respects be liable to the same Restrictions and Regulations as they would have been subject and liable to if such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts had not been warehoused in pursuance of this Act: Provided always, That if such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts (hill not be either exported, or the Duties paid for the same, within twelve Calendar Months from the Importation thereof, but shall then continue and be remaining in the said Warehouse or Warehouses, in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for England and Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them for the Time being, to cause such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, so remaining, m be publickly sold by Auction, or Inch of Candle, to the best Bidder; and the Money arising by such Sale to be applied first in Discharge of the Duties, and the Expences of such Sale, and the Overplus (if any) to be pjid to the Importer or Proprietor of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, or other Persons legally authorised to receive the same; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue any Action, or suffer a Nonpros, or shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have taken into our serious Consideration the present State of the Debt of your Majesty's Navy, and Office of Ordnance; and being desirous to make some Provision towards Satisfaction thereof, have resolved. That all Persons interested in, or intitled unto, any Bill or Bills payable in the Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, or for Transports, which were made out on or before the thirtieth Day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, who already have carried, or should, on or before the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, carry the same, after having had the Imereft thereupon computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Office respectively, to the Office of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, should have in Exchange for the same, from such Treasurer, or his Paymaster or Cashier, a Certificate to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for every entire Sum of one or more hundred Pounds, of which such Bill or Bills, together with the Interest so marked, should consist; and also one other Certificate for the fra&ional Part of one hundred Pounds, being the Remainder of such Bill or Bills; and the Persons who should be possessed of such first-mentioned Certificates, of the entire Sum of one or more hundred Pounds, should, upon Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company, be intitled, in respect of the same, to the Sum of one hundred and seven Pounds, ten Shillings, and Sixpence Capital Stock, for each one hundred Pounds of such Bills made out on or before the said thirtieth Day 0(June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and have also resolved. That all Persons interested in, or intitled unto, any Debentures payable tout of the Office of Ordnance, which were dated on or before the thirtieth Day of June% one thousand seven bundled and eighty-two, who already have carried, or should, on or before the tenth Day of Ottobrr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, carry the same to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance, and should have the Interest on such Debentures computed after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Expiration of fifteen Months from (he Date thereof, to the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and should have a Certificate for every one hundred rounds contained in the Amount of the Principal and Interest of such Debentures, and also a Certificate for the fra&ional Part of one hundred Pounds, the first of the said Certificates to be carried to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, should be intitled, in respea of the same, to the Sum of one hundred and seven Pounds, ten Shillings, and Sixpence Capital Stock, for each one hundred Pounds of such Debentures made out on or before the said thirtieth Day of Junes one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, the said Capital Stock to be

r ’ Mcniti

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39.

‘-attended with Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum:' We, your Majesty's most faithful Commons, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that ir nny be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons interested in or intitled unto any Bill or Bills, payable in the Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, or for Transports, which were made out on or before the thirtieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, who shall, on or before the tenth Day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, carry the same, after having had the Interest thereupon computed up to the fifth Day of 7«/y, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Offices respectively, to the Office of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, shall have, in Exchange for the same, from such Treasurer, or his Paymaster or Cashier, a Certificate to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for every entire Sum of one or more hundred Pounds of which such Bill or Bills, together with the Interest so marked thereupon, shall consist, and also one other Certificate for the fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, being the Remainder of the Amount of the Principal and Interest of such Bill or Bills; and the Persons who shall be possessed of such first-roentioned Certificates of the entire Sum of one or more hundred Pounds, shall, upon Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company, be intitled, in respect of the same, to the Sum of one hundred and seven Pounds, ten Shillings, and Sixpence Capital Slock, for each one hundred Pounds «f such Bills made out on or before the said thirtieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and also that all Persons interested in or intitled unto any Debentures, payable out of the Office of Ordnance, which were dated on or before the thirtieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, who shall, on or before the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, carry the same to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance, and shall have the Interest on such Debentures computed after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Expiration of fifteen Months from the Date thereof, to the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, and shall have a Certificate for every one hundred Pounds contained in the Amount of the Principal and Interest of such Debentures, and also a Certificate for the fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, the first of the said Certificates to be carried to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be intitled, in respect of the same, to the Sum of one hundred and seven Pounds, ten Shillings, and Sixpence Capital Stock, for each one hundred Pounds of such Debentures made out on or before the said thirtieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; which said Capital Stock shall be attended with Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and shall be paid and payable at the Bank of at the

Times and in the Manner herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be possessed of, interested in, or intitled unto any Bill or Bills, payable in Course out of his Majesty's Offices of the Navy or Victualling, or for Transports, or any Debenture or Debentures, payable out of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance, which were respectively made out or dated in the said respective Offices, on or before the thirtieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, to deliver such Bill or Bills, Debenture or Debentures, to the respective Treasurers of the said Offices, to be marked, cancelled, and certified in such Manner as is herein after mentioned, at any Time on or before the tenth Day of

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and at such Place or Places as shall have been appointed by Notice given in the London Gazette, and other publick Papers for that Purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted: by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest which became due on the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, for and in respect of such of the said Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills as bear an Interest, shall be computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Office respectively, before the same are delivered to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy; and the proper Officer and Officers of his Majesty's Navy Office and Victualling Office respectively, is and are hereby authorised and required to compute and park the Interest as aforesaid, upon every such Bill which shall be tendered to him or them for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being, to take in and receive from all and every Person

Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who is, are, or shall be ponessed of, interested in, or intitled unto, any such Navy, Victualling, or Transport Bills, all the said Bills which any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall, on or before the said tenth Day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, deliver to such Treasurer; and the said Treasurer, or his Pay.master and Cashier, is and are hereby authorised and required, to mark and cancel every such Bill, and make forth and sign the Certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of the said Bills; and that it also shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance, in like Manner, to take in all such Debentures payable out of the said Office of Ordnance, which, on or before the said tenth Dayo f October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be delivered to him; and the said lad mentioned Treasurer, or his Deputy, is hereby authorised and required to cancel the «me, and to make forth and sign the Certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of such Debentures.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, "Odies Politick and Corporate, who shall deliver any such Bill or Bills, Debenture or Debentures, to the uidrefpeClive Treasurers as aforesaid, upon producing such Certificates as are hereby directed to be made

5*3

All Perfoai la* terefled in any Navy cr Vic. tuailui* BiUij

or Ordnance Debentures, made out or dated on or before June 30, i7fx# who shall, on or before 0&. 10, 1784, carry th* fafoe to the re-forctive Treafu* rer*,andh«vetbe interestomn-ited (hereon, shall havea Certificate for every looh to the Govei nor of the Bank) am be intitled to 107l.

1 os, 6d. Stock for the same, at 5 per Cent. Persons possessed of Navy or Vic. tualling Bills, &c. dated on or before June 30, 1782, to deliver them to the respective Trea-frrers, to beein-eKe l, Ac, before Oct. \o, i;3

Interest which became due on July 5, 1784, for Navy Bills,

See* shall be marked thereon, before they are de'ircrei to the Treasurer*

Treasurer of the Navy to xccdre all such Bills until Oct. 10,

«7*4-

Pill* te be cancelled, and Certificaiei to be made out in He* thereof, dec.

Every Certifirste for 100l. to have

an Annuity of 5

Sess. a.

S2+

to be at the Bank half-year-»>

Annuities to be Tax-free.

Annuities charged on a Fund to be efla-bltihsd this Session,

ami col'aterally on the Sinking Fund.

Treasurer of the Navy, See, to give Certificates for Bills,

and the Treasurer of the Oid-hance 'or Debentures,

Certificates af-signable until Dec. ai, 1784, &c.

Certificates of fraOional Parts of 100l. bow to be paid*

Certificates not delivered to the Trejfoier of the Navy, may be fligned, &<v Guardian* of Infants m.*y deliver up Hilli or Debentures, &c.

c. 29-

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

forth by the said Treasurers, in lieu of such Bills and Debentures, shall, in respect of the principal Sunr* hereby granted for every entire Sum of one hundred Pounds contained in such respective Certificates have and be intitled to an Annuity after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and to be paid or payable to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or such as he, she, or they shall.appoint his* her, or their Executors, Administrators, Succedors, or Assigns respectively; which said Annuity shall be payable h^lftyearly at the Bank of England, at two of the most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say. The fifth Day of January, and the fifth Day of July, the first Payment thereof to become due on the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and that all Persons and Corporations, intitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeazable Estates and Interests in the said Annuities, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Aif, and shall be possessed thereof as of a personal Eftare, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment, by the Custom of London, or otherwise, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable our of, the Monies which shall from Time to Time arise and be in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament, and for which the Fund, commonly called 7be Sinking Fund, shall be a collateral Security; and that the said Annuities shall be irredeemable until twenty-five Millions of the Publick Debt, bearing Interest after the Rate of either three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or four Pounds per Centum per Annum, dual have been redeemed and paid oft'.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the delivering in of every such Navy, Victualling, or Transport Bill, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, or his Paymaster and CaQiier, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to give a Certificate signed by him or them for the principal Sum or Sums contained in every such Bill, and also for the Interest whic h shall have been computed and marked as aforesaid to be due on the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, upon such of the said Bills as bear an Interest, to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or his, her, or their Assigns; and that upon the delivering in by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, of every such Debenture or Debentures, the Treasurer of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance, or his Deputy, shall, and they are he eby authorised and required forthwith to gh e a Certificate, signed by the said Treasurer, or Deputy, for the principaj Sum or Sums contained in every such Debenture, and also for the Interest on such Debentures, computed after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum* from the Expiration of fifteen Months from the Date thereof, to the fifth Day of July, one ‘thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or his, her, or their Assigns; and all such Certificates shall be assignable by Indorsement thereupon, made at any Time before the twenty-fii ft Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and no longer; and all such Certificates and Alignments thereupon shall not be charged with any Stamp-duties whatsoever; and that the Interest, so computed and marked on every such Bill and Debenture respectively bearing Interest as aforesaid, shall be added to the principal Sum contained in every such Bill and Debenture respectively, and the Amount of such Principal and Interest, or the Amount of the Sum contained in every such Bill and Debenture not bearing Interest, certified in Manner before directed, except as herein after is mentioned, shall be the p inci pal Sums for.which the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, delivering such Bills or Debentures, shall be intitled to an Annuity after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates of fra&ional Parts of one or more hundred Pounds, shall be paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, according to the Course of the Navy, in such Order as the Bills, in Part of which such Certificates shall have been granted, were payable; and that all Certificates of fractional Parts of one or more hundred Pounds of such Debentures shall be paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance; and such of the said Certificates so to be granted in Part of Bills bearing Interest, fh du from the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, carry Interest after such Rate as would have been payable in respect of the Sums mentioned in the said Bills; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And that all the said Certificates which shall not have been delivered to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, shall and may be assignable, by Indorsement thereupon made, until the same shall be paid in the Course of the Navy as aforesaid; and that none of the said Alignments shall be charged with any Stamp-duties whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Infants shall, by the Gift, Devise, or Decease, of the Parent, or other Relacion of such Infants, or otherwise, become intitled to any of the Lid Bi Is or Debentures, in such Case, the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, of such Infant or Infants, shall or may be; and he, she, or they, is or are hereby impowered, for the Benefit of such Infant or Infants, to deliver up to such respective Treasurers all such of the said Bills or Debentures to which such Infant or Infants shall be so intitled; and such Infant and Infants, Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, delivering up such Bills or Debentures, shall be intitled to such an Annuity as aforesaid; and the said Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, shall be discharged from the same; any Thing herein contained* or any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39. 525

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who, CUnfc rriative as Executor to, or Administrator, Trustee, Committee of an Idiot or Lunatick, or Persons of ynfound *° E*ccut°r8>,

Mind, Depositary, or Mortgagee, shall be or become possessed of, interested in, or intitled unto, any of the such Bmtw

Bank »mpowere<J to receive Certificate;

give

to the Owneii,

said Bills or Debentures, shall and may deliver up such Bills or Debentures as they Hull be so poilelTed of, Debentures, interested in, or inti tied unto, to such respective Treasurers as aforesaid; and as to Executors or Administrators, the Annuities which they shall be intitled to, in respetft of the said J Bills or Debentures, so by them delivered up, shall be the same Aiiets in their Hands, as the said Bills or Debentures were or would have been, had they not been so delivered up for such Annuity as aforesaid; and as to Trustees, Committees, Depositaries, and Mortgagees, the Annuity which they shall be intitled unto, for or in respect of such Trust or mortgaged Bills or Debentures which they shall so deliver up to such respective Treasurers as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the same Trusts and Equity of Redemption, as such Bills or Debentures were or would have been, had they not been so delivered up for such Annuity as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, 'and their Successors, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he and they is and are hereby reflectively authorised and required to take in 3nd receive all and every of the Certificates to be made out in lieu of the said Bills and Debentures as aforesaid, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act i and upon the Receipt of every such an<* to Certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith to give Credit, in a Book or Books Credit, for the to be prepared for that Purpose, for the principal Sums contained in every such Certificate so brought to Amount thereof, him or them as aforesaid; and the Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whose Credit such principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,

shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpose; and the said Governor and Company for the Time being shall also, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, transmit an at-teftM Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books first herein-before mentioned, into the Ofiee of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain forever.

XII. And, for the moreeafy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act, it is hereby* Sink to appoint further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Cifhitr, and and their Successors, Audi, from Time to Tune, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or M Accountant-Persons, within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one general* other sufficient Person, within the same Office, to be their Accountant-general; and that the Monies from Comm*fT)onrrt Time to Time, and at any Time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Fund to be established for pay- of the TWrjrjr ing the said Annuities, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, 4y onler-the or the High Treasurer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, fa,j

or obtained in that Behalf, he Blued and paid, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said First or Chief paid ,won t!^ Caftiier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for C^thier for Pty-the Time being, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, for the Payment of the said Annuities; and that ment of the such Caftiier or Cashiers, to whom the said Monies shall, from Time to Time, be ifiucd, shall, from Aaauhict, Time to Time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant-general for the Time being shall, from Accounfint-ge-Time to Time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Caftiier or Cashiers, and the to examine

An attested Copy

of such Books to hr tnnlmitrrd to ths Exchequer.

Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay.

Kr

ce-pts and

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies, intended to be 'ymen%&c. converted into Annuities by vir ue of this Aift, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one Capital A11 ,h« Moniei or Joint Stock, on which the said Annuities, after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum,

shall be attending; and that all and ev^ry Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in propor- ^h^Aa* tion to the Money wtveh he, she, or they shall be intitled to, as aforesaid, shall have, and be deemed to be one joint t# have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same, at the Stock,

Rate aforesaid; and that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferable', as this Act directs, and not otherwise; and that t?here°shall confbntly be kept in the Office of the fai l Accountant-general for

tUa TT:

vb'ch shall be atfigoaUle,

the Time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of Bo°kstobc the said whole Capital or joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the ay^e.Afc< fame, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; which Entries shall be conceived in proper

kept

Arcount-for

ferr^ng.

Words for that Purpose, and shall be fi^ntd by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers, or, if fCl, any such Party or Parties be absent by his, her, or their Attorney or A tomies, thereunto lawfully Minnerof tranl-authorised by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, to be attelfed by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, (hill respectively under-^site his, her, or their Acceptance thereof!; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock, and the A nnuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Iniereft therein, shall be good and available in Law, and that no Stamp-duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, of any of them.

XV. Provided always, That all Persons possessfed of any Share or Interest in the said Joint Stock of Annuity* m»y Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or fce by

more credible Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise until so much of the fajdrWilUs relates to such Estate, Share, j)r Interest, be entered in the said Office; and that in Default r L ^ T u " L Administrators,

Of such Transfer or Devise, such Share, Estate, or Interest, shall go to the Executors, Administrators, ouccessors, and Assigns.

526 C. 39, 40. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

ScfT.

Back to continue a Corporation, notwithstanding tht Re-defrpiion of their Fundi,

No Fee to be taken for computing Interest, or cancelling B.lls, dec.

on Penalty of

*>l.

Comirriflioncn of the Treasury may reward all Person» employed in executing tkiaAlU

Defendant* may field the General lfluo.

id recover Table Ceto'1

fiwnU*;

From Oct. *» 1784, the fol-

lowing addit-onal Duties to be paid to hi« M» j: fly for J if ens wholly m*de of Flax,

and Stufft made

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, till all the said Annuities shall be redeemed by Parliament; and the said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reafoir of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken for computing and marking the Interest on the said Bills or Debentures, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling the said Bills or Debentures, or any of them, or for granting Certificates in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, or for issuing the Monies for paying the said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, contrary to this Act, shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved; to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at lVeJbnlnJler% wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised, out of the Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament for Payment of the Annuities granted by this Act, or out of the Sinking Fund, to reward all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Service, Pains, and Labour; and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the fame; and also to appoint such Allowances as they shall think proper for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities made payable by this Act; and also for the Service, Pains, and Trouble of the Accountant-general of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this Act; all which Allowances, hereby impowerea to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains, and Labour, of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XL.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Linens printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain; and for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same; and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with Cotton, not painted, printed, stained or dyed in foreign Parts.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies for your Majesty's publick Expences, have chearfully resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the additional Rares and Duties herein after mentioned, upon all Linens which shall be printed, painted*. stained, or dyed in Great Britain, and the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned upon all Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen*mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, which shall be ekher bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and upon Licences for bleaching or dying such Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed* and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of OStobeTy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Linens wholly made of Hemp or Flax, which, ar any T me or Times after the said first Day of October, one thousan l seven hundred ?.nrd eighty-four, shall be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain (such Linens as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, always excepted), the additional Rates and Duties herein after expre/Tcd, over and above all other Duties payable for the fame* that is to say,

01 Cotton, or Cotton and Linen, reckoning Yard-wide; vu.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 527

ton and L'nen mixed, d>ed t» aforesaid in Great Britain, {not being Linen

For alJ such Stuff* as aforesaid, worth 3$. per Yard, or upwards, ad. pet. Yard,

For and upon al! Linens wholly made of Hemp or Flax, to be printed, painted, flalned, or dyed as Ftr »* L'n'B» aforesaid, in Great Britain, (such Linens as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, always excepted), the Sum of three Farthings for every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, and after that Rate "* d for a greater or lesser Quantity: G,’t Britain,

(except those dyed throughout of one Colour), three Farthing* per Yards

For and upon all Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, For Cotton wove in Great Britain* to be bleached or dyed as aforesaid in Great Britain, (not being Lawns or S;u/f>, and Cot Gauzes of Linen, ornamented, figured, or fprigged with Cotton), which shall be under the Value of three Shillings by the Yard in Length, without respect to the Breadth, before the same shall be bleached or dyed, the Sum of one Penny for every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity:

Gauzes fprigged with Cotton), under 3*. per Yard in Value,—id. per Yard t»

And for and upon all Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, to be bleached or dyed as aforesaid in Great Britain (not being Lawns or Gauzes of Linen, ornamented, figured, or fprigged with Cotton), which shall be of the Value of three Shillings by the Yard in Length, without respect to the Bretdth, or of greater Value, before the same shall be bleached or dyed, the Sum of two Pence for every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, and after th^t Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties upon Linens, printed, painteo, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, and upon Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain* shall be subject and liable to the additional Duties orlmpoits of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, on the Produce snd Amount thereof respectively, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations as the additional Duties of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, are granted to his Majesty by three several Acts of Parliament made in the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty's Reign.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties by this Act imposed upon all Linens wholly made of Hemp or Flax, so printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain,

shall, from Time to Time, be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered, and paid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with the ffke Discounts, Allowances, Exemptions, and Drawbacks, and in such Manner and Form as the Duties imposed upon the same Commodities, by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for laying several Duties upon Soapy Paper, chequered and strip'ed Linens, and upon certain Silts, Callicoes. Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted\ or stained, (amongst other Things thereby charged), towards raising the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, therein mentioned; or by another Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for laying additional Duties on Soap and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Callicoes, and Stuffs, amongst other Things thereby charged, towards raising the Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, therein mentioned, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament by either of the said two Acts of Queen Anne referred unto, or by any other Act of Parliament since made, are to be raised, levied, ascertained, secured., collected, answered and paid.

IV. And, for the better securing the Duties by this Act granted upon all Linens wholly made of Hemp or Flax, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such proper Stamps or Seals shall, on or before the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be provided and distributed by the Commissioners for managing the several Duties by the said two former Acts, and by this Act, chargeable on the said Commodities, as may serve to denote the Payment or charging of the several Duties by this Act, and the said former Acts, chargeable on the same Commodities respectively; and that the said Stamps or Seals by this Act directed to be provided, shall be used and applied accordingly, and shall and may, from Time to Time, be renewed or altered by the said Commissioners as often as they shall see fit to renew or alter the same.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions,

Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatsoever, contained in the said several Acts of the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the Duties on such Commodities as are by this Act charged with additional Duties, or touching the Stamps thereby or hereby directed, shall be continued, practised, and put in Execution for raising. receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the additional Duties by this Act charged upon the same Commodities, and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and cnVftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from and after the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several Duties herein after mentioned, for and upon the several Licences to be taken out in Manner herein after mentioned, by all Bleachers or Dyers, within Great, of Stuffs made of

V-otton and Linen mixed, or Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain j that is to say.

Every Bleacher or Dyer of Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, or of Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain. shall take oat a Licence, and pay for the same yearly the Sum of two Pounds.

New Duties to be subject to the additional Import* of 5 per Cent. on the Amount thereof, as granted by 19 Geo. 3. Cap. 15; %i Geo. 3. Cap. >7; and it Geo. 3. Cap. 66»> Duihs on Linens to be collected and recovered in the same Manner a* those tirpjfed

by

AO 10 Ann*, Cap. 19 j

and 11 Aon*-,

Cap. p, &c.

On or before Oc>. I, 1584, Scamps to be distributed by the Commi Hi oner for managing the Duties on Linens) which may be reoewei or altered.

Provisiont of former Act« for raising the Duties hereby enlarged, extend?* to this Act,

From Oct. 1, 1784* the following Dutie® 00 Licences to be paid to his Majesty, viz.

Every Bleacher or Dyer of Cotton Stufts, Ac* al, pet Ann.

523

From Oct. f, J784, no Person to t l-ach or dve any (»ch Stuffs, Vi'hout talcing. cut a Licence.

Lic(*nepg in England and Wales, by whom to be yarned;

An din Scotland.

Licfrc',« to be Tcncwed annu-alijr.

Persons b’each-jjig, &c, without taking out a Licence, aoJ re. fie win* the 1^'*, l<* forfeit 5oi.

J'nfons in Part-mriV^ ed not t i!cc utit more tn in om L cence for one House.

Duties to be imicr the Ma-m*rment of Corrmifllomirs ot Excite.

Bleachers and

Dyer* to Pave Nonce at the next Excite Offete of their Hamrt and Pliers of Aboue, Ac,

and of their IPenlils

on Penalty of 5ol.

Blncheif ind Dyers to it »ke Fnrrv eveif li* Weeks*

C. 40.

Anno vicesimo quarto

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Person or Persons whatsoever, who now doth, or at any Time hereafter shall bleach or dye any Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, or any Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, shall presume by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their Benefit, either publickly or privately, to bleach or dye any such Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose' in Manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they, shall bleach or dye any such Stuffs as aforesaid; for which Licence, he, she, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down for the same the Sum of two Pounds in Manner following; that is to say, If such Licence be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, then such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and the Duty for the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; or if such Licence shall be taken out in any Part of England not within the said Limits, or in Wales % or Berwick upon Tweed\ then such Licence dull be granted under the Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise

within their respective Collections and Districts, and the Duty for the same shall be paid to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Licence shall be so granted: And in case such Licence shall be

be granted:

taken cut within the Limits of the City o (Edinburgh, such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and the Duty for the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh \ or if such Licence shall be taken cut in any other Part of 1Scotland^ without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licence shall he granted under the Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts, and the Duty for the tame shall be paid to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Licence shall be so granted; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, and the Persons so to be appointed by them respectively, and also all such Collectors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the same, upon their paying the Duty herein-before mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who shall take out any such Licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence, ten Days at least before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after taking out the first Licence, before he, she, or they presume to bleach or dye any such Stuffs as aforesaid, and in the same Manner to renew every such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the like Sum of two Pounds for every new or renewed Licence, in the Manner, and at the Places and Times herein-before mentioned: And if any Person or Persons shall, after the said first Day of OSfcber, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, presume or ofilr to bleach or dye any such Stuffs as aforesaid, without first taking out such Licence, and renewing the same yearly, in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they dial) respectively forfeit and lose the Sum

k of fifty Fount’s for each Offence: Provided always, That Persons in Partnership, and carrying on their Trade and Business in any one House or Place only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence in any one Year for carrying on such Trade; and that no one Licence which shall be granted by virtue of tbi's Act, shall authorise or impower any Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to bleach or dye any such Stuffs as aforesaid in any other House or Place than the House wherein he, (he^ or they, did bleach or dye such Stuffs as aforesaid, or in Places thereto belonging, at the Time of granting such Licence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Duties as are charged upon such Licences in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in England for the Time bang; and such of the said Duties as are charged upon such Licences in Scotland, shall be under the Ma-' nagtment of trie Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland.

X. And be it turther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatever, who, on or before the said first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall bleach or dye any Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in G) cat Britain, so that a Duty shall be payable by this Act upon the bleaching or dying the same, shall, on or bdo»e the said first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, give or leave Notice in Writing, at the next Office of Excise, of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of the Place or Prices where every such Person or Persons do usually bleach or dye such Stuffs as aforesaid; and that all and every such Bleacher or Dyer, as often as he, she, or they shall change their Places of blcachii g or dying any or tffi* said Stuffs, and all and every Person and Persons who at any Time shall be a Bleacher or Dyer of any such Stuffs as aforesaid, shall give or leave the like Notice of their respective Names and Places of Act»dc, and of the Rooms and Places where they shall respectively work or intend to woik in (u<h bleaching or dying, and of the Places where they-respectively shall dry or intend to dry any such Stulls as aforesaid, and of all Coppers, Ears, and other Utensils by them used in bleaching or dying, before they reflectively presume to work in any such new or other Place or Places, or to ult Inch Cupper, Fat, gr o'her Utensil, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Neglect or Default by not giving such Notice as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fuss Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every Person and Persons who shall bleach or dve any such Stuffs as aforesaid, upon the bleaching or dying whereof a Duty is chargeable by this Act, shall, once in every six Weeks, make a true Entry in Writing, at the next Office of Excise, of alHu

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 529

Stuffs as aforesaid so by him, her, or them severally bleached or dyed within every such six Weeks respectively, which Entries shall contain the just Kinds and Quantities thereof; and if such Bleacher or Dyer be not the true Owner of such Stuffs, or any of them, so bleached or dyed, then, and in every such Case, he (he, or they, in every such E*i?ry, shall specify the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons a~£ the O'.V Hers thereof, or for whose Account they respectively do bleach or dye the same; which Entry shall be made upon the Oath of the Bleacher or Dyer, or of his, her, or their chief Workman employed, to the heft of their Knowledge and Belief, or, being a Quaker, upon his or her solemn Affirmation; and the said Oaths *nd Affirmiftons to verify such Entries shall and may be administered by the proper Collector or Supervisor of the D<strict within which such Bleacher or Dyer doth inhabit, without any Fee or Charge for the same.

XII. Provided always, That no Person for the making such Entries, Oaths, or Affirmations as are last mentioned, shall be obliged to go or fend further than the Market Town where his or her Stuffs made of Cotton only, or of Colton and Linen mixed, are bleached or dyed, or the next Market Town to the Place of bleaching or dying the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall bleach or dye any such Stuffs as aforesaid in Great Britain, shall from Time to Time, within six Weeks after he, she, or they shall make, or ought to have nude, such Entry as aforesaid, clear off all the said Duties which shall be then due or remain unpaid for all such Stuffs as shall have been bleached or dyed by him, her, or them respectively as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Default therein, double the Sum of the same Duties whereof the Payment shall be so neglected; and that no such Person, after such Default in Payment made, shall deliver or carry out, or caute to be delivered or carried out, any such bleached or dyed Goo Is, until he hath paid and cleared off his Duty, on Pain to forfeit double the Value of the Goods i,) delivered or carried out.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers of Excise shall at all Times, by Day or by Night, and if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Confhble, or > other lawful Officer of the Peace, be permitted, upon his or their Request, to enter into the House, Workhouse, Dying house, Warehouse, Field, or other Place, belonging to or used by any Person or Persons who shall bltach or dye any such Stuffs as aforesaid, and to take a just Account of the Kinds and Quantities thereof which shall have been bleached or dyed by such Person or Persons from Time to Time, and shall thereof make a Report or Return in Writing to the respective Commissioners of Excise, or such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint to receive the same; leaving a true Copy, if demanded, of such Report, in Writing under his Hand, with or for the said Bleacher or Dyer respectively, and such Report or Return shall be a Charge upon every such Bleacher or Dyer reflectively; and if the said Officer shall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true Copy of his Report at the Time of taking such Account, the same being demanded as aforesaid, every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings to every such Bleacher or Dyer respectively.

XV. Provided always, That every Officer who shall be impowered to make such Charge as is hit mentioned, shall, in the first Place, be sworn for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, and the Oath in that Behalf shall and may be administered by all or any of the Commissioners of Excise, or by any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall give to such Officer a Certificate thereof.

XVI. And, for the better preventing of Frauds,’ be it further enacted, That all and every the Officers of Excise shall also be permitted to take an Account of the Quantities of the said Stuffs which shall at any Time or Times be in the Custody or Poiltffion of any Bieacher or Dyer to be bleached or dyed; and in case any Officer shall mi(3 any Quantity or Quantities of such Stuffs whereof he had taken an Account at his last Survey, then, and in every such Case, such Officer shall charge such Bleacher or Dyer with the Duties of such S uffs so missing, as if the same were bleached or dyed.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Perons, who shall bleach or dye any of the Stuffs aforesaid, shall or hinder any of the iai- Officers in the Execution of the Powers given by this

Ad f >r aiceiuin ng and fecuting the Duties thereupon, the Offenders therein, for every such Offence, (hill forfeit the Sum of two bundled Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Bleacher or Dyer of Stuffs i'v made of Cotton and Linen mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, shall bleach or dye such Stuff*, or prepare the same for bleaching or dying, before the same ih<dl have been measured and marked at both Ends thereof by the Officer of Excise with a Frame Mark denoting the Measure thereof, then, ard in every such Case, the said Stuffs so bleached or dyrti, or preparing for bleaching or tying, before seeing so measured and mnk<*d by the Officer, shall be forfeited, and the Bleacher or Dyer, in whole Poss fli ;n°the fame ftnll be found, shall forfeit twenty Pounds for every Piece.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons who shall bleach or dye any of the said Stuffs chargeable with the said Duties by this Act, shall remove, carry, or fend or fusse- to be removed, carried, or font away, any of the ibid Stuffs by him, her, or them bleached or dyrd, until fu< h Time as the proper Officer shall have taken an Account of every particular Quantity fi^h Studs so to be carried away, nd until ev^ry particular Piece or Parcel, or Remnant of such Stuffs, be dul v’marked at both Ends thereof with a Stamp or Seal, or Mamps or Seals, denoting the charging the Duty as this Mi directs, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and that all such Stuffs, so carried away without being marked with a Stamp or Seal, or Slumps or Seals, deling the charging the fffi! Duties, and being founo in the Pofllflioa of any Draper, or other Trader or Bealer therein, or'of any Person for the Use of such Draper, Trader, or Dealer, for Sale, shall be for-C‘vv n ay he feiy.td by any Officer of Excise.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Bleacher or Dyer of such as aforesaid shall wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, of wilfully suffer to be cutout, obliterated, 1 or

Name* «rd Placet of Abodt of ti e Owner* be fpicified.

Need not go further than the next Market Town for male-. ing Entries. Duties to be cleared within six Weeks after Entry,

on Penalty of forieiting double the Sum left unpaid.

Officer* may, 0* Request, enter the Houses, tec, or Dlrachers or Dyers, and take Account of Stock, and mak* Report thereof to the Commissioners.

Copy of Report to be left with the Bleacher, on Penalty of 4C 8.

Officers impow--ered to make such Charge, to be sworn.

Officers may, at any Time, take an Account of Stuffs in the possession of any Bleacher, &c.

Persons oblbudi

ing Olfl:ers to forfeit 2cq 1,

Stuffs prepared for bleaching or dying before menu red, fcc. by the Officer, to be loifc»redr ani 20>. lor each Puce.

Bleached Cooil not to be removed, until thf (jlfticer have taken nn Account thereof, and o.irked the fame,

on Penalty of forfeiture.

Bleachers, &c*.

who shall cue. out the OffhnV

Sell: 2.

530 C. 40.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

the Measure, ft ill forfeit lol.

Goods furteyed to be kept fepa. rate from those not surveyed.

Ko Goods to bt fraudulently concealed, 00 Forfeiture of col. and also the Gopd*.

Utensils to be liable to Arrears of Duties#

Duties on Cotton Stuffs, &c. to be under the Management of CommitBoners of Excise.

Commissionerito provide Frame-snarks, to denote the Meafute, and Stamps to denote the Duties.

Persont fraudulently counterfeiting Sumps,

to fuss*er Death as Felons. Penalty on Perform selling such Stuff's with a counterfeit Stamp thereon.

Jf soy such Stuff's are suspected to be in the Custody of a Draper, ftc. undamped, the Commissioners, ftc. noa-' Hue their Warrants to search fox the fame*

faery Piece of

ft toff Co be marked before bleached, &c.

or defaced, the Frame Mark put by the Officer on any Piece of such Stuffs as aforesaid, to denote the Measure thereof, every such Bleacher or Dyer shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for every Piece on which the said Frame Mark shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the said Bleachers and Dyers of such Stuffs as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time keep so much of the same Goods as shall not have been surveyed and taken an Account of by the proper Officers, separate and apart from all others of the same Kind which shall have been surveyed and taken an Account of by such Officers, on Pain to forfeit, for every Offence therein, the Sum of five Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Bleachers or Dyers shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid and concealed, any such Stuffs before or after the same are bleached or dyed, with Intent to deceive his Majesty of his just Duties by this A cl granted, then, and in every such Case, the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence, and all the Stuffs which shall be found in any private Workhouse, or other Place whereof no Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Utensils and Instruments for the bleaching or dying any such Stuffs as aforesaid, in the Custody of any such Bleacher or Dyer as aforesaid, or of any Person or Persons to the Use of or in Trust for them, or any of them, shall be liable to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties in Arrear and owing by such Bleacher or Dyer for any such Stuffs bleached or dyed by him or them, or in his or their Workhouses or Places aforesaid; and shall be also subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons so using such Workhouse or other Place, for any Offence against this Act relating to the Duties on such Stuffs as aforesaid so bleached or dyed; and k shall be lawful, in all such cases, to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings as may lawfully be done by this Act, in relation to such Goods, in case the Debtor or Offender were the true and lawful Owner of the same.

XXIV. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, levying, railing, and securing, the several Duties by this Act imposed upon all Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and for preventing Frauds concerning the same;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Duties as are chargeable upon such Stuffs bleached or dyed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in England for the Time being; and such of the said Duties as are chargeable upon such Stuffs bleached or dyed in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Commissioners of Excise shall, on or before the first Day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, provide proper Frame Marks, to denote the Measure of such Stuffs as aforesaid, and proper Seals or Stamps, to denote the charging the Duties thereon, and shall cause the said respective Frame-marks, Seals and Stamps, to be distributed to the respective Officers for the several Purposes before-mentioned; which Officers are hereby enjoined and required, in using the same, to do no Hurt or Damage, or the least Damage that may be, to the Stuffs to be so marked or stamped; and the said Stamps, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from Time to Time, as the said respective Commissioners shall from Time to Time think fit: And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal to resemble any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided in pur-fiiance of this Act, to denote the charging the Duties on the said Stuffs or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any of the Stuffs chargeable by this Act, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty hereby granted, then every Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, fell any such Stuffs as aforesaid with a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all and every such Offender and Offenders, their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, being duly convicted as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall be adjudged to (land in the Pillory, in some publick Place, for the Space of two Hours.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times, upon Oath made by any credible Person or Persons, that lie, (he, or they have reason to suspect or believe that any such Stuffs as aforesaid, for which a Duty ought to have been paid or charged by this Act, are or shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Draper, or other Person or Persons trading or dealing the rein, or of any Person or Persons for the Use or Account of such Draper, or other Trader or Dealer, for Sale, without having thereupon such Seals or Stamps as are by this Act required to denote the Payment, or charging the said Duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of Excise, or any two of them, within their respective Limits, or for any two Justices of the Peace in any other Parts of Great Britain, from Time to Time, to issue their respective Warrants or Orders, thereby authoring and requiring any Officer or Officers of Excise, with the Affifhnce of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace, in the Day-time, to search for the same, and to open Doors, Chests, Trunks, and Packages, and to seize such Stuffs, and to bring them to the Excise Office next to the Place where they shall be so seized, in order to a further Proceeding thereupon according to this Act; and that every such Warrant and Order shall be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XXVII. And, for the better ascertaining the Duties to be paid for such Stuffs as aforesaid/ be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Manufacturer of the said Stuffs, or other Person who shall put out or fend any of the said Stuffs to be bleached or dyed, shall mark every Piece, or Remnant

A N6T« to bf tie* livered to the Blficher or Dy-

e ^bgvr-*tn« tinned Particulars.

Penalty on finely rmfiring any Piece of Stuff#.

re to be renewed.

Stuffs for whtek the Duty has been paid, may be exported.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 531

of a Piece, at both Ends thereof, with a Mark, containing in Words at Length his or her Name and Place of Abode, and also the Price or Value; that is to say'. Whether the said Stuff be of the Price or Value of three Shillings or upwards, or under the Value of three Shillings by the Yard in Length without respect to the Breadth thereof; and shall also deliver a Note in Writing with the said Stuff’s to the Bleacher or Dyer, expressing the Number of Pieces, their Quality and Value; that is to say, whether of the Value of three Shillings by the Yard in Length, or upwards, or urrder that Value as aforesaid, and the Time when delivered to fuc h Bleacher or Dyer; which Note the said Bleacher or Dyer shall deliver to* Number of the Officer who is to take an Account of the said Stuffs before the same, shall be bleached or dyed, on Pieccr, &c. Pain that every Piece of such Stuff, not so marked as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; and that the Manufacturer or other Person putting out or fending such Piece, not^ Penalty on oir?t. so marked as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounus 5 and that every Bleacher or tjngrrberof, Dyer who shall bleach or dye any such Stuffs as aforesaid on his own Account^ shall, before he begins to bleach or dye the farric, mark each Piece, or Remnant of a Piece, at both Ends thereof, with a Mark, containing in Words at Length his or her Name and Place of Abode, and also the Quality and the Price or Value; that is to say, wheth.f the said Stuff be of the Price or Value of three Shillings, or upwards, or under the Value of three Shillings by the Yard in Length without respect to the Breadth thereof, before he begins to bleach or dy e the same, on Pain of forfeiting twenty Pounds for every Neeleft; and also that the said Stuffs, not so marked as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Office/ of Excise-: And in case any such Manufacturer or other Person, so putting out or Tending such Stuffs to be bleached or dyed as a fore ft* iJ, or any such Bleacher or Dyer, shall maik any Piece or Remnant of such Stuffs, being really of the Value of three Shillings or upwards by the Yard in Length without respect to the Breadth thereof, as being under the Value of three Shillings by the Yard in Length, every such Piece or Remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and the Owner thereof shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XXVIII. And whereas it may happen, in the bleaching or dying the said Stuffs, that the Frame- marksfet thereupon by the Officer of Excise, to denote the Meafore thereof, may unavoidably become '

obliterated or defaced be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T$ut when the said Frame-marks shall When Frame-become obliterated or defaced, the Bleacher or Dyer, who shall bleach or dye the said Stuffs, shall give "V1*" become Notice thereof to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he is, and require the said Officer to renew 0 ,lerat.cd* lhc* the said Frame-mark, who shall renew the same accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall have actually paid his Majesty's Duties by this Act payable for any such Stuffs as aforesaid, bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and for any other Person or Persons who mall buy, or be lawfully intitled to any such Stuffs as aforesaid, from the Person or Persons who actually paid his Majesty's Duties payable by this Act for the same, to export any such Stuffs, for which the Duty was so paid, for any foreign Parts, by way of Merchandize, giving sufficient Security before the shipping thereof that the particular Quantities so intended to be exported, and every Part thereof, stall be shipped and exported, and not be relanded, or brought again into any Port of Great Britain j which Security the Customer or Collector of the Port of Exportation shall take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Use: Provided always.

That if, after the shipping of any such Stuffs, and the giving or tendering such Security as aforesaid, in Stuff# relanM order to obtain the Allowance or Drawback herein after mentioned, the same, or any Part thereof, shall after dipping # be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such Case (over and above the Penalty thereof for Ex-of the Bond which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use), all the said Stuffs which shall be £07at:o?'to so landed, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited. or e,te 9

XXX. And it is also hereby enacted, That any Person or Persons, who shall export any such Stuffs as Exporter* of aforesaid, to or for any foreign Parts, shall and may make'Proof, upon Oath (or, being Quakers, by Goods f?r wl?ieh Affirmation), that the Duties thereon have been paid or secured according to this Act (which Oath or [)^nDutlI. Affirmation the Customer or Collector of the Port of Exportation is hereby required and impowered to ti?d^aDraw.* administer); and thereupon the said Customer or Collector of the said Port of Exportation shall give to the back.

Exporter thereof a Debenture, expressing the true Kinds and' Quantities of the said Stuffs, bleached or

dyed, so exported; and the Exportation thereof being certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Collector appointed to receive the said Duties upon fudi Stuffs as aforesaid, in the County or Place where such Exportation was made, upon producing the said Debenture so certified so him, shall forthwith pay the Duties which shall have been received upon this Act for the Stuffs so-exported, to the Persons so exporting the same, or their Agents; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay any such Debenture, then the respective Commissioners of Excise are hereby required to pay, or caufo to be paid, the said Debenture out of any Duties arising by this Act; or, if the Duty of the Stuffs so exported were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged upon the Security for the same.

XXXI. And, for the better preventing the relanding any such Stuffs as shall be exported, to receive

a Drawback of the Duties thereupon/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from Dircaion* refi. and after the said first Day of October % one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every Person tive to exporttaf and Persons that shall export any such Stuffs as aforesaid, for which a Drawback is to be allowed, before Stufr<« be or they shall ship the said Stuffs, in order to obtain the Drawback for the same, shall be obliged to give Notice to the proper Officer or Officers to be appointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of the Customs, when and where he will pack up the said Stuffs, in order to be exported; and the 1

said Commissioners of the Customs are hereby impowered and directed to cause such Officer to take care to jj^that such Seal or Seals, Stamp or Stamps, denoting that the said Duties upon such Stuffs are paid or charged, be taken off from every Piece so intended to be exported; and the said Officer or Officers shall take an Account of the Kinds and Quantities of the Stuffs so intended to be exported, and make a Return thereof to Vol, XIV. Part IV. Z z a. the

532 C. 40. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Sess. 2.

Stuffs charged on bleaching, not to be recharged on being dyed of one Colour*

From 0&. t, 17849 an additional Duty of id. aq. per Yard square, to be paid on the Importation of Stuffs made of r mixed with Cotton, not printed, painted, &c. in foreign Pant# Duty

Importation Duties to be under the Management of the Commi ffionen of Cuf-toma.

Duty and Draw* back to be levied and tecovered in the same Manner as the former Dutier and Drawbacks, Duties to be paid into the Exchequer.

Application

(hereof*

The Powert and Penalties in Act I» Car. 2, Cap. 24, See. relative to Excise Duties, shall be applied in executingthii

Act.

Penaltlef and Forfeiture! how to be recovered 1id applied*

Jjwtaiion of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

the Officer that shall be appointed by such Commissioners to receive the same, without any Fee or Reward for so doing: Provided always, That the said Officer or Officers shall not permit to be packed up, in order to be exported, and shall not take off such Seal or Seals, Stamp or Stamps, denoting that the said Duties have been paid or charged, from any Piece of such Stuffs as aforesaid, not having the Frame-mark, denoting the Measure thereof, distinct and plain thereupon, and not obliterated nor defaced.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Stuffs as shall have been charged with the respective Duty aforesaid on the bleaching thereof, and shall afterwards be dyed of one Colour throughout, shall not be charged again with the said Duties upon being so dyed as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Stuffs made of or mixed with Cotton not printed, painted, stained, or dyed in foreign Parts (except such Stuffs as are prohibited to be used or worn in Great Britain)^ which, from and after the said first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties already imposed thereon, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny for every Yard square; and the said Duty shall be also subject and liable to an additional Import or Duty of five Pounds per Centum and five Pounds per Centum thereon, which were imposed by two several Acts made in the nineteenth and twenty-second Years of his Majesty's Reign> for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

liable to the Import of 5 per Cent. thereon, imposed by 19 Geo. 3. Cap. 25$ and as Geo. 3. Cap. 66*

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties herein-

before granted upon the Importation of such Stuffs, made of or mixed with Cotton, shall be under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland re-foedively, and shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Deduction whatsoever, and shall be drawn back upon the Exportation of the same Goods; and the said Duty and Drawback shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed in the same Manner and Form, and under such Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties and Drawbacks for such Goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as fully,^ to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act granted (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart from all other Duties; and shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities» and for establishing a Lottery,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Auv thorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in Force, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, colliding, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are prescribed by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, respecting thelnland Duties imposed by this Act, shall be filed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, determined by any Law or i^aws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Inform*, ation, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotlandre-spectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defend ants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs*

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41, -.533

[Preamble.]

Prom Sept. ?e, 1784, the fol.

Jo wing Duties (Ml Licences to be paid to his Majesty vide!tcttt

For Small Beer Brewers, il.s

Strong Beer Brewers who brew yearly not. more than 1,000 Barrels, li. lot. 2 Ditto, between x,oooo and 2,009 Barrels, il.;

Ditto, between

CAP. XLI.

An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain* in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several Rates and Duties 4 up. n Licences herein after mentioned and do hereby most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Duties herein after mentioned, for and upon the several and respective Licences to be taken out in Manner herein after mentioned, by all Makers and Manufacturers, within Great Britain, of thp several and respective Commodities herein after mentioned j that is to say.

On or before the said tenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, every, Common Brewer of Small or Table Beer, not being a Common Brewer of Strong Beer, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same, the Sum of one Pound:

Every Common Brewer who shall brew Strong Beer, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of one Pound ten Shillings, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall not exceed, within (the Year, ending the fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of one thousand Barrels:

Every Common Brewer who shall brew Strong Beer, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of two Pounds, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year, endinj the fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of one thousand Barrels, and be under two thousand Barrels:

Every Common Brewer who shall brew Strong Beer, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of five Pounds, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending the nd fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of two thousand Biml5> S1#s Barrels, and be under five thousand Barrels:

Every Common Brewer who shall brew Strong Beer, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of seven Pounds ten Shillings, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending the fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of five thousand Barrels, and be under seven thousand five hundred Barrels:

Every Common Brewer who shall brew Strong Beer, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same Ditto, between the Sum of ten Pounds, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending 7»soo*aio, oooo the fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of seven thou- Barrds> l0,<l sand five hundred Barrels, and be under ten thousand common Barrels:

Every Common Brewer who shall brew Strong Beer, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the Ditto, between fame the Sum of twenty Pounds, if the Quantity o? Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year, ,0»000 and ending the fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence) the Quantity of ten *°]°?0 Barre!,» thousand Barrels, and be under twenty thousand Barrels: xo,#

Every Common Brewer who shall brew Strong Beer, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same Ditto, between the Sum of thirty Pounds, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending *o,oooo and the fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of twenty thou- 30j°°o Barrel#,

; (and Barrels, and be under thirty thousand Barrels: 301,1

Every Common Brewer, who shall brew Strong Beer, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same Ditto, between the Sum of forty Pounds, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending 3°»°°o and the fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of thirty thousand Barrels, and be under forty thousand Barrels:

Every Common Brewer who shall brew Strong Beer, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same Ditto, deeding the Sum of fifty Pounds, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending 40*000 Barrels, the fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of forty thousand 5°,#8 Barrels:

Every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, for Sale or for Exportation, and every Rectifier of Driller Spirits, shall take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with a yearly Sum equal to the Amount of c°.w.Winel of one Halfpenny per Gallon of the Contents of every Still or Stills of each Description, which shall have bccn in the Possession of every such Distiller or Re&ilier within the Year, ending the fifth Day of flulitike out I July in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence: Licence, »od

Every Brandy Dealer, or Person selling Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, not being a Retailer, and bsmaTdp not being a Rectifier, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of five Pounds: aotbJngReuu.

en or Rectifieri,

Pound* ^aker ^ca<* foall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of one

Ditto, betwM 5,000 and 7,500 7l. 101.1

Every

to pay 5l. s

Mater of Mrad, for SaJe, i|fj

1 14*5

g«

53+

Maker? of other Sweet?, 5l.: Makers of Vinegar, ioi. t

Ms't^erf, who make not more than 50 Quarters annually, $s.

Those who make snore thin 50, and left than xco Quaite/s, ioi,;

Between 100 and 150 Quatten, 15a.;

Ditto, between 150 and aoo Qumtxs, i], 1

Ditto, between aoo and 250 Quarters, 11,5 s, t

Ditto, between 50 and 300 Quarters,

lit SOS, I

Ditto, between 300 and 350 Quarters, li. 151.1

Ditto, between 350 and 4:0 Quarters, »1.;

D%, between 400 and 4*c Quarter*, 1^5 s.r

Di to, between 450 and 500 Q« 4 tiers, ml. lot,:

Ditto, between 500 and 550 Quarters, si. 15s. I

Ditto, eteeeding 55oQuarcer», 3I,

Candle-makers (esccpt Wax}, il.

jpe-make, il.s P^per-stainers,

Ac. ftl.:

Caliico Primers^ &c. lol.s

Starch makers,

5*\

Wire-drawers,

ml.

Tanner*, 5?# or 2I1 10s.

TTawer*, lJ. t

Dressers of Hides in Oil, ftl. s Carriers, *U

C. 414 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess.

Every Maker of any kind of Sweets, other than Mead, for Sale, shall take oit a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of five Pounds:

Every Maker of Vinegar for Sale shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of ten Pounds:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the yearly Sum of five Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall not exceed, within the Year, e.iding the twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of fifty Quarters:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the yearly Sum of ten Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending the twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of fifty Quarters, and be under one hundred Quarters:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the yearly Sum of fifteen Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending the twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of one hundred Quarters, and be under one hundred and fifty Quarters:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the yearly Sum of one Pound, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending the twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of one hundred and fifty Quarters, and be under two hundred Quarters:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the yearly Sum of one Pound five Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him (bill exceed, within the Year, ending the twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous ro his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of two hundred Quarters, and be under two hundred and fifty Quarters:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the yearly Sum of one Pound ten Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending the twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of two hundred and fifty Quarters, and be under three hundred Quarters:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall take out a Licence, and p3y for the same the yearly Sum of one Pound fifteen Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending the twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of three hundred Quarters, and be under three hundred and fifty Quarters:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the yearly Sum of two Pounds, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending the twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of three hundred and fifty Quarters, and be under four hundred Quarters:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the yearly Sum 01 two Pounds five Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending the twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of four hundred Quarters, and be under four hundred and fifty Quarters:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall takeout a Licence, and pay for the same the yearly Sum of two Pounds ten Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending the twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licenoc, the Quantity of four hundred and fifty Quarters, and he under five hundred Quarters:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, (bill take out a Licence, and pay for the same the yearly Sum of two Pounds fifteen Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending the twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of five hundred Quarters, and be under fiv e hundred and fifty Quarters:

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the yearly Sum of three Pounds, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year, ending she twenty-third Day of June in each Year, previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of five hundred and fifty Quarters:

Every Chandler or Maker of Candles, other than Wax Candles, for Sale, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of one Pound;

Every Soap-maker shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of two Pounds:

Every Paper-stamer, and every Maker of Paper, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of two Pounds:

Every Caliico Printer, and every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Silks, Linens, Cottons, or Stuffs,

shall take out a Licence, and pay for the fanre the Sum of ten Pounds:

Every Starch-maker shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of five Pounds:

Every Wire-drawer, or other Person who shall draw or cause to be drawn any Gilt or Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire, shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of two Pounds:

Every Tanner within the Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of Southwark, shall take out a Licence, and p^y for the lame the Sum of five Pounds \ and every other Tanner the Sum of two Pounds fen Shillings:

Every Tawer shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of one Pound:

Every Drefier of Hides and Skins in Oil shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of two Pounds:

Every Currier shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of Pounds: V-vrvrtL:

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii

C. 41. 535

Every Maker of Vellum or Parchment shall take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of VeHunMi»lei«, one Pound: Ac 11,1

Every Glass-maker shall take out a Licence, for each and every Glass-house by him used, and pay Every GJifs-for the same the Sum of ten Pounds: hoult'> *o. s

Strong Beer

nfrVMfs ti>

for a Licence,

I. ics:

and an additional Duty annually, according to the Quanuiy brewed*

Brewers who withdraw their Entries, and

make fitfh onet, to pay the whole Duty,

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall, at any Time after the fifth Day of July*> one thousand seven hundred and eighcy-Tour, first become a common Brewer of Strong Beer for Sale, shall, before he or she shall brew any Strong Beer for Sale, take rut a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of one Pound ten Shil'ings; and at the End of any and every Year after the said firth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, shall pay such further additional Duty for such Licence herein-before charged, according to the Number of Barrels of Strong Beer so brewed by him or her within the preceding Year, as htrtin-berore is directed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person who, before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, was a common B;e\verof Strong Beer, shall withdraw his or her Entry at the Office of Excise where he or she has made Entry, and afterwards make a fresh Entry at the same or any other Office of Excise, he or she shall not be deemed a Person becoming a common Brewer of Strong Beer, since the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, but shall pay the whole Duty imposed by this Act upon his or her Licence at the Time of taking out the same.

IV. Provided always* and be it enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall, at any Time after the twenty-third Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, first become a Malifter, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall, before he or she shall make any Malt for Sale, take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of five Shillings; and at the End of any and every Year, after the said twenty-third Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall pay such further additional Duty for such Licence herein-before charged, according to the Quantity of Malt so made by him within the preceding Year, as herein-before is dheited.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person who, before the twenty-third Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, was a Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, shall withdraw his or her Entry at the Office of Excise where he or she has made Entry, and afterwards make a fresh Entry at the same or any other Office of Excise, be or (he shall not be deemed a Person becoming a Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, since the twenty-third Day of June% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, but shall pay the whole Duty imposed by this Act upon his or her Licence at the Time of taking out the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of From Sept 10* September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Person or Persons whatsoever who now doth, no

or at any Time here after shall make or manufacture any of the Commodities herein-before mentioned, *aforesaid shall presume by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, Commodidef* her, or them, for his, her, or their Benefit, either publickly or privately, to make or manufacture any of without a Lithe Commodities herein-before mentioned for Sale, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in conceS Manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they shall make or manufacture any of the aforesaid Commodities, for which Licence he, she, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down for the same the Sum or Sums of Money respectively herein-before mentioned 5 and that, from and after nor to deal in the said tenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Person or Persons who Brandy, without now doth, or at any Time hereafter shall deal in Brandy, not being a Retailer, nor a Rectifier, nor a *5^ Licence. Distiller, shall presume by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their Benefit, either publickly or privately, to deal in Brandy, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they shall so deal in Brandy, for which Licence he, she, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down for the same the said Sum of five Pounds: And that if any such Licences shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, then such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commi 111 oners of Excise for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and the said several and respective Duties shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; or if such Licences shall be taken out in any Part of England or Walet^ not within the said Limits, or in the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, that such Licences shall, in such Case, be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and

Malign so pay 5s fori Licence

and an additional Dirty annually* according to the Quantity made.

Maltsters wh* withdraw their Entries, and make frt Hi oner, to pay the whole Duly,

Who are to |rta£ Lice nets.

Lhftricts, and the said several and respective Duties shall he paid for the same to the Collector of Excise within whole Collection such Licences shall be so granted; and that in case such Licences shall hr taken within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, such Licences shall he granted under the Hands and heals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and the several and respective Duties for the lame shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; or if such Licences shall be taken out in any other Part of Scotland, without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seats of the several Colltflors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts, and the several and respective Duties for the same shall be paid to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Licences shall be so granted; and such respective Commissioners nf Excise, and the Persons so to be appointed by them jc*pc£lively, and also all such Ctdle£lor$, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the same, upon their Payment of the said several and respective Duties herein-before mentioned.

S36

Llcrnew to be renewed an-Kudly.

Vtif' ns rriking »r»y of the ft id Commodities, without ttking cut a Licence, and renewing the same annually,

Corn Distiller*, *col.

Strong Beer Brew^is, dec. 50l.

MeljiTc* DinilL cr», Rt&ificis, See. 30l.

Sope-maker*, Paper-stainers, Sec. 20l.:

Small Beer Brewen, Malt-fcis,&t, 10l.:

Persons in Partner rtiip need take out only the Licence lor ae House.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

The Powen and Penalties in Act 11 Car, 2. Cap. 24, Arc* relative to Excise Duties, Aral I be applied in executing this Act.

penalties and Forfeitures how to be recove; ed and applied.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer.

Appl’CJtion the ico/.

0.41. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. SelT. 2;

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who (bill take out any such Licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence, ten Days at least before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after taking out the first Licence, before he, she, or they shall prelume to make or manufacture any of the Commodities herein-before mentioned for Sale, aivJ in the same Manner to lenew every such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the like Sum for each and every new or renewed Licence, as is by this Act required for the first Licence, in Manlier and at the Places and Times herein-before mentioned: And that if any Person or Persons shall, after the said tenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, presume or offer to make or manufacture any of the Commodities herein-before mentioned for Sale, without first taking out such Licence, and renewing the same yearly in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall rerpeflively forfeit and lole the several and respective Penalties herein after mentioned for each Offence; that is to say,

ire liable to the following Penalties:

Every Corn Distiller so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds:

Every Common Brewer of Strong Beer or Ale, every Vinegar Maker, every Callico Printer, or Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Silks, Linens, Cottons, or Stuffs, and every Glass Maker, so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds:

Every Melasses Distiller, every Reflifier of Spirits, every Brandy Dealer, or Seller of Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, not being a Retailer, every Maker of Sweets other than Mead, every Starch-maker, and every Tanner, so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of thirty Pounds:

Every Sope-maker, every Paper-stainer, and Paper-maker, every Wire-drawer, or Maker of Gilt or Silver Wire, called Big Wirey every Dresser of Hides or Skins in Oil, and every Currier, so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds:

Every Common Brewer of Table Beer or of Small Beer, every Maltster or Maker of Malt, every Maker of Mead, every Chandler or Maker of Candles (other than Wax Candles), every Tawer of Hides and Skins, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment, so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

VIII. Provided always, That Persons in Partnership, and caurying on their Trade and Business in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to take out more one Licence in any one Year for carrying on such Trade; and that no one Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorize or impower any Person or Persons, to whom the same (halt be granted, to make or manufacture any of the Commodities herein-before mentioned in any other House or Place than the Houses or Places wherein he, she, or they did make or manufacture the Laid respective Commodities at the Time of granting such Licence.

IX. And, for the better collecting, raising, levying, and securing the Duties by this Act imposed upon Licences as aforesaid/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Duties as are charged upon such Licences in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in England for the Time being; and such of the said Duties as are charged upon such Licences in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That; all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Aid for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance^ and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or determined by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Excise or Inland Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are prescribed by this Act, shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining! recovering, and paying the several Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated bf any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed upon Licences as aforesaid (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart from ?11 other Duties; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities and for establishing a *.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. 537

[Treble Costs.]

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be i-^hatJoa brought or commenced against any Person or Perils for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance AcUom. of this Act. such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in fui h Actimi or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Dial to General Issue, be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict (h^il pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or thr Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Profecucion, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual, an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain Possession of Goods or Money, by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants and Apprentices, so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Preamble* the second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt j0 Geo.

to attain, Possession of Goods or Money, by safe or untrue Putences; for p eventing the unlawful Pawning of c»p. 14, recited,

Goods \for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Publick Houses, by Journeymen

1 Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices, certain Rules and Provisions are prescribed and e(Lb!ished for regulat-

ing the Manner in which Goods and Chattels may be taken in Pledge or Pawn, for the Repayment ot Mo- ney lent thereon, not exceeding in the Whole the principal Sum of ten Pounds, and diiefling the Mode of

redeeming such Goods and Chattels, on Payment of Principal and Interest of the Money borrowed there-| on, with such further Sum, for Charges of Warehouse Room, as the Parties should have agreedon at the Time of making such Pledge or Pawn: And whereas several Tenders of Money, for Principal and Interest of Money lent, and Warehouse Room of Goods pledged, lately made for the Redemption of Goods

pledged, to Pawnbrokers, the Amount of which Interest and Charges for Warehouse Room, so tendered, hath been much below the Amount of the usual and customary Interest and Charges for Ware-t house Room taken by Pawnbrokers in the said Trade, and at a Rate much below the necessary Expence3 ‘ thereof, have lately been considered to be sufficient, and Verdicts have been obtained by Persons making such Tenders as aforesaid, against the Pawnbrokers; and if the said Business (hculd be carried on agreeably to such Verdicts, the Profits arising therefrom would be so much reduced as to be inefficient to afford an adequate Maintenance for the Pawnbroker: And whereas the said recited Act is in other Respects (f° as the same relates to the pawning G oods, and Redemption of Goods pawned) insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended;’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's must Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful, from and after the second Day of August, one thousand Ratei of Profil seven hundred and eighty-four, for all Persons uling or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, a io*ei to be to demand, receive, and take, of and from all and every Person and Persons, applying or offering to re- taken for the deem any Goods or Chattels pawned or pledged with such Pawnbroker, a Profit after the following Rates, fulurc* over and above the principal Sum and Sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respective Pledge or Pledges, before any such Pawnbroker shall be obliged to redeliver the fame; (videlicet>)

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and six Pence, the Sum of one Halfpenny for any Time during which the said Pledge shall remain in Pawn, not exceeding one Calendar Month, and the same for every Calendar Month afterwards, including the current Month in which such Pledge shall be redeemed, although such Month shall not be expired:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent a Sum above the Sum of two Shillings and llxFence, and not exceeding five Shillings, one Penny:

And if above five Shillings, and not exceeding seven Shillings and six Pence, one Penny Halfpenny:

And if above seven Shillings and six Pence, and not exceeding ten Shillings, two Pence:

And if above ten Shillings, and not exceeding twelve Shillings and six Pence, two Pence Halfpenny:

And if above twelve Shillings and six Pence, and not exceeding fifteen Shillings, three Pence: And if above fifteen Shillings, and not exceeding seventeen Shillings and six Pence, three Per

penny;

Pence Half-

And if above seventeen Shillings and six Pence, and not exceeding one Pound, the Sum of four Pence:

And so on progressively, and in Proportion, for any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, to be paid for by the ^alendar Month in Manner above mentioned; which several Sums shall be in lieu of, and taken as a full oUisfaction for all Interest due. and Charges for Warehouse Room.

538 C. 42.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Difpufei relating to small Sums to be settled by a Justice,

Per Tons pledging to rake a Duplicate.

Pro?!lion of former Act respecting Duplicates amended.

provision, In cate ot Duplicate being loft, &c.

For Sale of Tk.ii^s pawned.

II. And be it fmthrr enacted, That in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between any Person or Persons pledging or redeeming, or offering to redeem, any Goods or Chattels, and the Pawnbroker with whom the same shall have been pledged, respect ng the Re-de!ively thereof, or the Money to be paid to such Pawnbroker, every such Difference or Dispute, in case the original Sum lent was under forty Shillings shall be settled and determined by some Justice of the Peace acting for the respective County, Riding, Divifon, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, who is hereby authorised and required, upon Application being made to him for that Purpose, by Examination on Oath of the Parties themselves, and such other credible Person or Persons as shall appear before him, touching the Premises, to hear and dete mine the same, which Determination shall be final and binding unto and upon all Persons; and that no such Difference or Dispute shall be tried, heard, or determined, in any of the superior Courts of Law, or in any other Manner than before a Justice of the Peace as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall pledge with any Pawnbroker any Goods or Chattels, whereupon a Sum of two Shillings or upwards is lent, such Pawnbroker shall and is hereby required to give a Duplicate or Copy of the Entry nude in his or her Book respecting the Goods and Chattels so pawned, which Duplicate the Person receiving the Money lent is hereby required to receive and take; and every such Duplicate, where the Sum lent Hi nil not exceed five Shillings, shall he given gratis^ and where the Money lent shall be more than five Shillings and not exceeding ten Shillings, such Pawnbroker shall and may take one Halfpenny for the same; and where the Sum lent shall be more than ten Shillings, and not exceeding twenty Shillings, such Pawnbroker shall and may take one Penny for the fame; and where the Money lent shall be more than twenty Shillings, and not exceeding five Pounds, the Sum of two Pence for the fame; and where the Money lent shall be more than five Pounds, the Sum of four Pence, and no more, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and which Duplicate shall be produced to the Pawnbroker before he shall be obliged to redeliver the respective Goods or Chattels, except Linen or Apparel entrusted to any Person or Persons, for the Purpose of washing, scouring, ironing, mending, or making up the same; and also except Goods or Chattels which shall have been felonieufly taken and earned away, or unlawfully pawned or pledged; and except as herein after is excepted.

IV. And whereas many Inconveniences have arisen to Persons carrying on the Business of a Pawnbroker, from several different Persons claiming a Property in the same Goods and Chattels, where Duplicates c or Copies of the Entries made in the Pawnbroker’s Book, at the Time of taking such Goods and Chattels in Pawn, have been given, as the said former Act directs :* for Remedy whereof in future, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said second Day of August, in all Cases where such Duplicate or Copy hath been given, the Person or Persons who shall, at any Time after, produce such Duplicate or C<my to the Person or Persons with whom the Goods therein specified were pawned or pledged, as the Owner thereof, and require a Delivery of the Goods or Chattels mentioned therein, to him, her, or them, such Person or Persons shall be, and hereby is and are deemed and taken to be, so far as respects the Person or Persons having such Goods and Chattels in Pledge, the real Owner and Owners, Proprietor and Proprietors, of the said Goods and Chattels; and the Person or Persons so using the said Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker shall be, and is hereby directed and required, after receiving Satisfaction pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, respecting Principal and Profit, to deliver such Goods and Chattels to the Person or Persons who shall so produce the said Duplicate or Copy to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified for so doing, unless he, she, or they shall have had previous Notice, from the real Owner or Owners thereof, not to deliver the same to the Person or Persons producing such Duplicate, or unless Notice shall have been given to him, her, or them, that the Goods and Chattels pawned have been, or are fulpecled to have been, fraudulently or felonieufly taken or obtained, and unless the real Owner or Owners thereof proceed in Manner herein-ar?er provided and directed, for the redeeming of Goods and Chattels pledged, where such Duplicate or Copy hath been loft, missa d, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the Owner or Owners thereof.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pawnbroker shall have had such previous Notice as aforesaid, or in case any such Duplicate or Copy as aforesaid shall be loft, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the Owner or Owners thereof, and the Goods and Chattels mentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then, and in every such Case, the Owner or Owners of such Duplicate, and of the Goods and Chattels mentioned therein, as the Case may happen, shall prove his, her, or their Property in such Goods and Chattels, to the Satisfaction of some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, and shall also make an Affidavit of the particular Circumstance attending the Case, before such Justice of the Peace, whereupon the Pawnbroker Ihfil suffer the Person or Persons proving such Property to the Satisfaction of such Justice as aforesaid, and making such Affidavit as aforesaid, to redeem such Goods or Chattels; and such Proof and Affidavit shall be, and is hereby declared to be, a full and sufficient Indemnity to the Pawnbroker so delivering the said Goods or Chattels, against all and every Person or Persons whomsoever.

VI. And whereas it would be beneficial that ail Goods should be deemed as forfeited, and liable to be fold, in less than the Time limited and prescribed by the said recited Aff ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail Goods and Chattels which, after the second Day of August% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be pawned or pledged, on which any Sum exceeding ten Shillings, and not exceeding ten Pounds, shall have been lent, shall and may be sold by publick A i-lion, but not otherwise, by the Person having the same in Pawn, at and after the Expiration of one whole Year from the Time of pawning the fame; and that all Persons redeeming any Goods or Chattels* which were pawned m* pledged before the said second Day of August, shall be permitted so to do upon the Terms of, and according to the Table of Rates by this Act established.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. 539

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Aceiuif*» of Persons to whom any Goods or Chattels shall have been pawned or pledged, shall, from Time to Time, SaI*8 of Gc®*f< enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a true and just Account of the Sale of all Goods Booked and Chattels pawned to him, her, or them, for ten Shillings, or upwards, which shall be sold as afore- Overplus paid < said, expressing the Day when, and the Mon^y for which, such Goods or Effects pawned were fold, Person entitle* together with the Name and Place of Abode of the Auctioneer by whom the same were fold; and in case to tkt Goods, any such Goods or Effects shall be sold for more than the Principal Money and Profit aforesaid, due thereon at the Time of such Sale, the Overplus shall, by every such Pawnbroker, be paid on Demand to the Person by or on whose Account such Goods or Chattels were pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in case such Demand shall be made within three Years after such Sale, the necessary Costs and Charges of such Sale being first deducted; and such Person or Persons who pawned or pledged such Goods or Chattels, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, for his* her, or their Satisfaction in this Matter, be permitted to inspect the Entry to be made as aforesaid of every such Sale, paying for such Inspection the Sum of one Penny, and no more: And in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to permit any such Person or Persons, who pawned or pledged such Goods or Chattels, to inspect such Entry as aforesaid, in any such Book or Books, such Person or Persons, \ an Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, or Assignee or Assignees, at such Time producing his, her, or their Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Alignment; or in case the Goods or Effects were fold for more than the Sum entered in any such Book or B^oks; or if any such Person or Persons shall not make such Entry; or shall not have, Iona fide, according to the Direction of this Act, fold the fame; or shall refuse to pay such Overplus, upon Demand, to the Pawner or Pawners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, he, she, or they producing such their Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Assignment; every such Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit treble the Sum such Goods and Chattels shall originally have been pawned for, to the Person or Persons by whom, or on whose Account, such Goods or Chattels were pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division; City, Town, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall be committed 5 and no such Offence shall be tried, heard, or determined in any of the superior Courts of Law, or in any other Manner than before two Justices of the Peace as aforesaid: And to the End that

Justice may be more effectually obtained in all Matters concerning Goods and Chattels received in Pawn y Pawnbrokers, where Justices of the Peace are authorised to take Cognizance thereof by virtue of this or any other Act of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses respecting any Dispute between Pawnbrokers and Persons having pawned Goods, or respecting any Felony, or other Matter, which in the Judgement of such Justice shall make the Production of any Book, Duplicate, Voucher, or other Paper necessary, which shall or ought to be in the Hands, Custody, or Power, of any Pawnbroker, to summon such Pawnbroker before him, to attend with any Book, Duplicate, Voucher, or Paper, which he may have in his Custody or Power relating to the same, which he is hereby required to produce before such

Justice in the State the same was made at the Time the Pawn or Pledge was received, without any Alteration, Erafement, or Obliteration whatever; and in case such Pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend. Pawnbrokernsi or to produce the same, in its true and perfect State, such Pawnbroker shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds R,c^ing to «t-for the Ul'e of the Poor of the Parish where such Pawnbroker shall reside, to be levied by Distress and Sale *Cj to of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice fo summoning °* 10

the Party as aforesaid.

VIII. And, for the better manifesting by whom the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker shall here- after be carried on,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Pawnbroker^ second Day of August, all and every Person or Persons who shall follow or carry on the Trade or Business 10 write thei* of aPawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible Characters, over the Door of each Shop or other Place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for carrying on that Business, the Christian and Surname or Names of the Person or Persons so carrying on the said Trade or Business, and the Word Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, as the Case may be, following the same, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Shop or Place which shall be so made use of for the Space of one Week, without having such Name or Names and the said Words, so painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand* and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace acting within the respective County, Riding, Division, City,

Town, Liberty, or Place (which Warrant such Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant), upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any credible Witness or Witness upon Oath; and the said Penalty, when the Charges of recovering the same shall be deduced, shall h^ paid, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalty shall not he forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the County Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless the said Penalty, and all reasonable Charges, shall be (boner paid and satisfied.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

Justicet miy

summon Pawn*' broken before them, to attend with Books, Da* plica:ci# Ac*

Traces over their Doocior Shops.

greater Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence whatever. Part IV. 4 A

X. And*

Not to etfrnj t# *bo ke only five per Cent, ImtrcA*

any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall lend Money to any Person or Persons whomsoever, upon Perron ^awn or Pledge, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, without taking any further or takeoni r* ~ ~. Cent, I]

'54° C. 43, 43. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Sess. 2.

Pawnbroker* to Hang up Table* of Rate* in the r Shop*.

Limitation of Time for commencing Actions against Pawnbrokers.

No Fee to be taken by Justice* for Business done in Execution of this Act.

[General Issue.]

[Double Costs.]

X. And, for the better manifesting the different Rates of Profit, including Interest and Warehouse Room, which the Pawnbroker shall be authorised to receive, be it further enacted, That from and after the second Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every Person who shall follow and carry on the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed, in large legible Characters, the aforesaid Rate of Profit allowed by this Act, and hang up the same in some conspicuous Part of the Shop wherein he, she, or they shall carry on such Business.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law, where Tenders of Principal and of Interest thereof, and of Charges for Warehouse Room, have been made by the Pawner, at a less Rate than is contained in the aforesaid Table of Profit, and refused by any Pawnbroker, Hi all be maintainable against any Pawnbroker, unless the same shall have been brought and commenced before the said second Day of August, and that such Tenders shall, in that Case, be of no Effect whatever, but the Goods shall be redeemable, and may be redeemed under the Terms infer ted in the Table of Profit set forth in this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be had, taken, or received, for any Summons or Warrant, or other Proceeding whatever, granted or made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for *ny Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[Publick Act.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

[Continuance of this Act.]

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force, from the Day of passing thereof, for one Year and till the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being ddirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have granted to your Majesty c in this Session of Parliament, have voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several

new Rates and Duties herein after expressed \ and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

*rom Oct. n ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of October, one

1784, the fol- thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be rail *d, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the lowing Duties Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several shall txr paid to states and Duties following; (that is to fav,) his Majesty, via*

Etery Person in That every Person in Great Britain, qualified in respect of Property to kill Game, shall, previous to

Great Britain, their (hooting at, killing, or destroying any Game, deliver in a Paper or Account in Writing, containing

qualified to kill the Name and Place of Abode of such Person, if in England, with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Game, shall de- an(j in Scotland, with the Sheriff, or Stewart Clerk of the County where such Person shall refute, and co^otVAu annually take out a Certificate thereof:

Nime and Place That upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certifi-of Abode, to the ficate issued to any such Person shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty Clerk the^ of tw0 Founds, two Shillings:

annually take out a Certificrx thereof, for which he shall pay a Stamp-duty of 2l. as.

Etery Deputation of a Game-keeper, by a Lord or Lady of a Manor, shall be tegiflered with the Clerk of the Peace, See. and the G*rne-keeper shall ao-jiuali; take out

That every Deputation or Appointment of a Game-keeper, granted to any Person by any Lord or Lady of a Manor in England, shall be registered with the Clerk of the Peace of the County; and every such Deputation, by any Proprietor of Land in Scotland, shall be registered in the Sheriff or Stewart Court Books of the County in which the said Manor or Lands shall be; and the Game-keeper so appointed shall annually take out a Certificate thereof:

That upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to any Person under any Deputation or Appointment of Game-keeper shall be engrossed, written or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of ten Shillings and six Pence-

a Certificate thereof, for which beshall pay 101. 6d.

The Doty to be

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levy-.nder the M»- ing, collecting, and paying the said Duty herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, jwietnent of the Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties Comissionert charged on Damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby re-the Mitrp*- quired and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, to allow such 11 ' Salaries* and incidental Charges as shall be necessary, and to cause such new Stamps to be provide* to

A.D. 17 & 4. Anno vicesimo quarto orgii III.

C. 4S-

541

denote the said Duty as shall be requisite in; that Behai;, and to repair, renew, and alter the same from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion, and do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as fun and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person, qualified as aforesaid, who shall deliver into the Office of the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for the County, Division, Riding, or Place, or if in Scotland; with the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of the County, Division, JShire, Stewartry, or Place where he shall reside, a Paper or Account in Writing, containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Person; and every Gamekeeper to whom any Deputation shall be granted as before, who shall register the same, mentioning the Name of the Manor or Lands, and the Person granting the same, and the Date thereof, and who shall respectively require a Certificate thereon from such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or such Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, shall be annually intitled thereto; and such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, and such Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, shall thereupon issue a Certificate, stamped as herein-before is diiefted, to the Ffftft or Form following; that is to say,

tuning the Name of the Manor, &c. shall be annually in.jtledNo a Certificate

I A.B. Clerk of the Peace for the County of C. (or, as the Case may happen to he). Deputy Clerk of the Peace; or, if in Scotland, I A.B. Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of the County of C. do hereby declare, That E.F. hath this Day delivered into my Office a Paper, Writing or Account, containing his Name and Place of Abode, (or, as the Case may happen to be,) hath this Day registered a Deputation, whereby he is appointed a Gamekeeper by for the Manor or Lands of which

I do hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third; As witness my Hand, this Day of

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or the said Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, after he shall have signed such Certificate, shall forthwith issue the same, stamped as herein-before is directed, to the Person or Persons so delivering in such Paper, Writing, or Account, or registering such Deputation as aforesaid, and respectively requiring the same 5 and shall, previous to the Delivery thereof, be intitled to demand and receive, of and from /uch Person, the Sum of one Shilling for his own Trouble in that Behalf: And in case any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or any Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, shall neglect or refuse to issue to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, so delivering in such Paper, Writing, or Account, or registering such Deputation as aforesaid, a Certificate properly marked and stamped, as herein-before is directed, every such Clerk of the Peace, or Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, and moreover be liable to pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duty payable on such Certificate.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate, granted by the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, pursuant to this Act, shall, if the same be required by any Person or Persons before the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, bear Date on the Day of the Month on which the same shall be issued, and shall endure and remain in Force until the first Day of July next following, and no longer; and that no Certificate shall issue in pursuance of this Act, between the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and every such Certificate which shall issue after the said first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be issued between the first Day of March and the first Day of July, in each Year and shall hear Date on the Day of the Month on which the same shall be issued, and shall endure and remain in Force for the Space of twelve Calendar Months, commencing from the Date of such Certificate, and no longer; and if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or any Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, shall issue any Certificate to any Person otherwise than above directed, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or any Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, from issuing his Certificate to any Gamekeeper first appointed in any Year after the first Day of July in that Year; nor to any Person who hath been beyond the Seas, and hath or shall have, in any Year, first arrived or come imo this Kingdom at any Time after the first Day of Juh in such Year, who respectively may be desirous of obtaining such Certificate as aforesaid; but in every such Case the Cause shall be specified, either in the Body, or at the Foot of such Certificate herein-before directed to be granted; nor to prevent any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, nor any Sheriff'or Stewart Clerk, within their respective Counties, to grant any such Certificate, as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons at any Time requiring the same, such Certificate bearing Date on the Day on which it issued, and being stamped or marked with double the Rates and Duties herein-before granted upon every such Certificate, and to be in Force till the first Day of July next following the Date

° imt1 ^ert^care* ar>d no longer.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, fro n and after the first Day of Vftober, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, every Person qualified as aforesaid, who shall(hoot

kill, take, or destroy, any Pheasant, Partridge, Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, nr any

Every qualified Person who /bail deliver imo the Office of the Cleric of the Peace, ice. an Account of hit Name and Place of Abode 5 and every Game-keeper who shall register hie Depuration, men-thereon.

Form of Certificate.

Clerk of the Peace, &c. to sign and deliver Tickets to such Persons requiring the same t

Defaulter* herein shall forfeit £oU for each Offence.

Certificate* when to be dated and issued.

Clerk of the Peace, &c. who shall issue any Certificate contrary to this Acts, shall forfeit 50U

Certain Cases in which the Clerk of the Peace, Sec. may issue Certificates after Joljfl.

p y uvniuyj <iny j iu.ruamj a £>1 any

vjrowfe, commonly called Red Game, or any other Game, or who shall kill, take, or destroy, any Hare, JVith any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Spsniel, Setting Dog, or other Dog, without having obtained pCh Certificate, in such Manner as herein-before is directed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty to r^covered and applied as herein after is directed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall make it necessor any of the Royal Family, or Persons appointed by them, to (hoot at, kill, take, or destroy any viame, within their Chaces, Parks, Warren vox Royalties, to have the Certificate required by this Act.

A a IX. And

Qualifird Persont who, after 0£t# I, 17^4, shall fhaot at, or kill any Game, without a Certificate, ihdl forfeic 50b

Not to extend to the Royal Family.

34*

CIctJci of the Peace, Sec, to transmit innuzi-Jv to the Stamp Office correct Lists of Certificates granted by them}

n Penalty of ioi.

*ifts to be feept it the Office, fend may be in-

In case of any new Appoint. Kent of a Game-keeper, Sec, the 'former Cenift-tie to be void.

'.Any Person in PursuitofGame, who shall refuse to prodoce his Certificate when required by any authorised Person so to do.

r to tell his Name and Place of AfcoJe, Sec, shall forfeit 50I,

Certificates not to authorise any Person to kill Game at any Time prohibited by Law, Stc.

Certificates obtained under Deputations not to be given in Evidence for killing Game out of the Manor, &c.

Clause relative to those Counties that have no Clerks of the Peace.

Per font counterfeiting Stamps to fufr’er Death as felons.

C. 43.

Anno vicesimo quarter Georgii III.

Sess.

2,

IX. And be it further enactedj. That the Clerks of the Peace, or their Deputies, or the Sheriff or Stewart Clerks in their respective Counties, shall, on or before the fit ft Day of November% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and in every subsequent Year, on or before the twelfth Day of August in each such Year, make out and transmit to the Head Office of Stamps in London, correct Lifts, in Alphabetical Order, of the Certificates so granted by them, distinguishing the Duties paid on each respective Certificate so issued y and, on the Delivery thereof, the Receiver General of the Stamp-duties shall pay to such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or to such Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, for the making out and writing every such Lift, after the Rate of one Farthing for the Name of every such Person to whom such Certificates shall have been granted, and which shall be inserted in such Lift* and in case any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or any Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, shall negletflor refuse to make out such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall not insert in such Lift a full, true, and perfect Account, as herein-before directed^ of all the Persons the same ought to contain, then, and in every such Case, every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, and Sheriff or Stewart Clerk so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Lifts, upon such Transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at the said Head Office of Stamps in Lsndony and? shall and may, at all reasonable Times# on Payment of one Shilling each Search, be resorted to and inspected by any Person whatsoever,

XI. And whereas Deputations or Appointments of Gamekeepers, granted as before, may be re*

8 Yoked ;* be it therefore enacted, That if any Lord or Lady of a Manor in England, or Proprietor of Land in Scotland, shall make any new Appointment of a Gamekeeper for any Manor or Lands, in the Room of the Person already appointed, and shall iegifter such Deputation with the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of the County in which the Manor or Lands shall be situater and shall obtain a new Certificate thereon, the first Certificate granted shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, null and void.; and the Person acting under the same, after Notice to him given of such* new and other Certificate, shall be liable to the Penalties prescribed by the Game Laws* now in being, made for the Preservation of the Game, and as are directed with respect to Persons not qualified tokUL Game.

XII. And, in order to prevent the evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted upon Certify cat£$ as aforesaid, and to compel the Production thereof to Persons authorised to inspedi the fame;’ be it: therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons qualified, or having a Deputation as aforesaid, shall be found in the Pursuii of any Game with a Gun, Dog, or Net, or other Engine for the Destruction of Game, or the Taking or Killing thereof, and shall be required to shew such Certificate by the Lord or Lady of the Manor, or Proprietor of the Land, whereon such Person shall be using such Gun, Dog, or Net, or other Engine for the Destruction of Game, or by any Gamekeeper appointed as before, or by any other Person having obtained such Cerificate from the Cletk of the Peace, or his Deputy as aforesaid, or by any Officer of the Stamps, properly authorised by the Commissioners for that Purpose, such Person shall produce such Certificate; and if such Person shall refuse, upon the Production of the Certificate of the Person requiring the same, to produce and shew the Certificate granted to him for the like Purpose, or, in case of not having such Certificate to produce, shall refuse to tell his Christian and Surname, and the Place of his Residence, and the Name of the County where his Certificate was issued, or shall give in any falseor fictitious Name, such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cerificate hereby directed to be issued by the Clerks of the Peace, or their Deputies, in the respective Counties in England, or by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerks of the Counties in Scotland, shall not aiuhorise or enable any Person to ihoot at, kill, take, or destroy any Game, at any Time or Times prohibited by any Law' now in being, nor to give any Person any Right to (hoot at, kill, take, or destroy, any Game, unless such Person shall be duly qualified, under and by virtue of the Laws now in being, made for the Preservation of the Game.

XIV. And, in order to prevent Persons qualified in their own Rights procuring Deputations from any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or Proprietor of Land, with an Intent to evade the Duty hereby imposed on Certificates issued to Persons so qualified; be it enacted, That any Certificate, obtained under any DepUr tation, shall not be pleaded or given in Evidence, where any Person shall (boot at, kill, take or destroy any Game, out of the Precincts or Limits of the Manor or Lands for which such Deputation was given.

XV. And whereas there are several Cities and Towns that are Counties of themselves, and have no Clerks of the Peace to issue the Certificates herein-before directed; be it therefore enacted, That every Person refuting in such Cities and Towns that are Counties, shall and may deliver in the Paper, Writing, or Account, herein-before directed, to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, of the County, Division, Riding, or Place next adjoining, who shall issue his Certificate to the Person applying for the same, as is herein-before directed, in the same Manner as if the Person so requiting such Certificate resided in the County of such Clerk of the Peace; and upon Neglect or Refusal to issue such Certificate as aforesaid, such Clerk of the Peace shall be liable to the same Penalties as if he had refused or neglected to issue such Certificate to any Person applying for the same, resident in the County of such Clerk of the Peace.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this granted, or shall counterfeit or referable the Impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with latent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the

(ard

5+3

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43.

fiid Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall jufftr Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, ^r»wfioniof Clauses, and all other Matters and Things p/eferibed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be in full Force and Effect with dutie«,to bcuT relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed> and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, Forceio eiecut-fevying, collecting, and securing, the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, according to the true ingthu AO. Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and wspectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed,

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed on PenaIt,’e* how to any Person or Persons for Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered bcrJc^<r,cd tm* in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called *pp e JZnglandy the Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and wherein the Plaintiff, if he or she shall recover any Penalty or Penalties, shall recover the same for his or her own Use, with double Cods of Suit.

XIX. Provided always, That'from and after the said first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred Aoyjufliceof and eighty-four, in all Cases where the pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed, doth not exceed the Sum a|h]C0<^umy, of twenty Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of IB1inft7hiVAa the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein any Offence or Of- here the PcmU fences against this Act shall be committed, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required, upon dofh not ex-information or Complaint to him or them made, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and also the cded m*sr Witnesses on either Side, to appear before him or them; and upon the Appearance of the Party or Par- befor^h^ ties accused, or in Default of his, her, or their Appearance, according to such Summons, to proceed to and dlterminrin hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the vo- afummiiy luntary Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by this Act is dirrfted; and to award and issue out his Warrants, under his Hand and Sea), for the levying any pecu- PenaJtFei may be niary Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made fcvicdbjDiflrefi, thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such or the Offender Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of six Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid committed, and satisfied; and if such Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of Persons aggriev-any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of *d may appeal to such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be Quarter Sef. affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, j‘n°,r’,r,upo* or Place, who are hereby impowered to summonand examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear cutity. * and determine the fame; and in case the Judgement of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay Coifs occasioned by such Appeal, as to themselves shall seem meet.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Pe f"nj. Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters rela- mo"cd as Wit. tive to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall ne- *Vnnd "ot gleft or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable forfeit ioi/° Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the

Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending; that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means* as is herein before directed as to other Penalties.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace How Justfeei

before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out proceed for Con* in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis mutan* Jiaion of Of-dis; that is to say, fcftdc"*

B E it remembered, That on the Day of in the Tear of'our Lord

at in the County of A.B. came before me C.D. Esquire, one

°ft his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the said County, ref ding near the Place where the Offence was committed, and informed me that E.F. of cn the Day of now laf paji,

c being a qualified Person, or having a Deputation to kill Game, as the Case may happen, did shoot at, kill, ta*\ or destroy here set forth the Fast for which the Information was laid), without having the Certificate rtquired by Law for that Purpose; whereupon the fold E.F. after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me, and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, declared he was guilty of the said Offence (or, as the case may happen to be), did not appear before me pursuant to the t JQid Summons, (or did neglect and refuse to make any Defence against the said Charge), but the same being fully proved upon the Oath of G. H. a credible Witness, (or, as the Case may happen to be), acknowledged and voluntarily confejfed the same to be true; and it manifestly appears to me, that he the said E. F- is guilty of the Offence charged upon aim in the said Information: I do therefore hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge, that he the said E.F. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money

Form of Coarfo tion.

544-

Justice may mitigate Penalties,

Duties to be paid to the Receiver General of the Stamp duries, and by him paid iwo the Eichc-quer.

Auditor to provide a Book f« r entering t ie Duties fepnate ^tum all others. Application thereof,

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs,

[Preamble.]

C. 43, 44. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

[ e/*.Great Britain, for the Offences aforesaid, to be difriluted as the Law directt) according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and leften any such Penalties as he shall think, fir, reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed, over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than a Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein-before granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deduced) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner, as the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the same Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Chirgesand Expences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; for appropriating the Monies arising by the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry; and also by a Land Tax, granted to his Majesty by two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned;’ and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,

41 800,000l. granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year. Treasury impowered to raise the Sum of 800,coo/, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Sinking Fund. All Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act to have a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money, with Interest. Orders to be registered in Course* 44 No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages with full Costs. Auditor, tsfr. neglecting his Duty, liable for Damages, Cfr. to be recovered at Westminster. No undue Preference in the registering, where Orders are brought the same Day; nor if fub-4‘ sequent Orders are paid before others not brought in Course, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Oiders. Orders may be assigned. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the Treasury may raise the said Sum by Exchequer B Us instead of Loans; and the Bills in such Case to be made in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Act of last Session. All Advantages and Penalties in the said Act of last Session, relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this Act. The said Exchequer Bills, interest, and Charges, are to be paid out of the Sinking Fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of *'00,000l. notwithstanding an Act of 5 and o Gal. Maria. The Sum of 105,818l. w. u$d. remaining in the Exchequer, shall be applied towards making good the Supply. 441,70 zl. 13 s.i~d. out of Savings of Army Services, shall be applied towards defraying extraordinary Expences of Land Forces, &c. from February 1, 1783, to December 24, 17X3. All Monies arising by the Malt Act, Land Tax, Lottery Act, Loans (1,^00,000/), further Loans (1,000,000l.) 44 10581*/. 5 t«£ d. remaining in the Exchequer; and 800,000l. by this Act granted out of the Sur-

plusses of the Sinking Fund; shall be applied (with the Residue of the Monies arising from the Sale of French Prizes, £*.) to the Uses following: 3,153,869l. 6d. towards Naval Services; 181,141l. 6s. +1

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 44, 45.

for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, not provided for in 1783; 429,008/ is. yd. for the

Charges of the Office of Ordnance, for 1784; 3,716,370l. iSj. 7 d. towards maintaining the Land *4 Forces, &c. of which 636,*90l. 9*. d. for defraying the Charge of 17,483 effetiive Men, including 44 2,03c Invalids, and also Officers, Agency, iffc.; 284,213l. 2 j. 9d. for Forces in Plantations, &c. for 14 1784; 8,252 /. - j. 9 d. for Advance Pay to Dragoons and Foot in the East Indies; 0,080l. 6l. 6rf. for General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain; 9,371l. 17l. 9^/. for two Hanoverian Battalions of Foot; 67,55 1l. 14 r. 1 to the Paymaster General, Secretary at War, CsV. and their Cle/ksf tfc.;

€t 17^001l. 15 j. 5 d. for the Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital,-fJc; 75,116l. i8j. 6 d. for reduced Officers of Land Forces, 1^0,300l. for ditto; 563l. 12 s. 10d. for Officers and Private Gentlemen

44 of Horse Guards reduced, (Jc. 5 <;4>6^3 /. 10 j. 6</. for Commissioned Officers of British> American .44 Forces; 3,544/ >4* 3 d. for Officers late in the Service of the Mate. General; i-,coc/. 4*. ior Widows of Commissioned Officers; 686l. for Widows of Commissioned Officers in British American Forces;

44 4,2^6l. 11l. for two Regiments of Foot sent from Ireland to Gibraltar; 10^24l. 17s. 4 ci for Additionals to three Regiments of Foot; 9,821l. 15 s. 6 d for several Corps to the Times of their being disbanded; 23,419l. os. 10\d. for five Battalions of Hanoverian Infantry, for 18: Days; 6,2^1l.

for General and Staff Officers in North America, for 1784; 120,3*9l. ns. yd. for Subsidie^ to the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfely &c. for 1 t84; 60,03;/ 8 s. 4\d- for 6,463 Hejfians from May 28, to Dec. 44 24, 1784; 2,366l. 13 f to make good a Deficiency in the Duke of Brunswick's SuhfiW, for 1783; 44 77,853/- 8r 7irf. for several Corps in 1784; 15,626l. 44. 11 */. for three Regiments of Foot, for 183 44 Days; 1,919,289l. t s. 11 {d. for Extraordinaries, fsfe. from February 1, 17S3, to December 24, fol- lowing; so, coo/. to discharge the Civil List Debt; i,coc, cco/. for paying off the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act 23 Geo. III.; 1,500,0:0l. for paying off Bills made out by vutue of another Act of the same Year; 36,841l. ij. td. issued in pursuance of Addresses of the House of Commons; 25 ,ccc/. towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House; 5,5 59 / 8r. for supporting the Civil Establishment of Neva Scotia; 3,130l. for the Island of St. John; 3,930 / for East Florida; 44 ?,»co/. for New Brunswick \n America; 1,750l. for Cape Breton; 7,830l. to peifcft the Purchase of the Soil of the Bahama Islands, &c.; 500l. for the Chief Justice of Somers Islands; 13,00c/, for main-,44 taining Forts on the Coail of Africa; 9,coo/. for the Commissioners of Publick Accounts; 7,000/, to make good the like Sum paid to the Secretaries of the said Commissioners, and to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Lodes of the American Loyalists; 4,00c/. for assisting the Levant Company; 3,000l. for the British Museum; 4,830l. 7 s. 6 d. on account of new Roads, &c- in the High- lands of Scotland; 1,891 /. 134. 8 d. to make Compensation to the Rev. Thomas Weekes DJby, for de- taining the Ship Hope, life. 75,750l. 131. 6 d. for Relief of American Civil Officers, lAc; 12,8*6l. 44 151. 9\d. to make good the like Sum issued to discharge Bills drawn on the Treasury by the Governor of Nova Scotia; 3,587l. gs. 6 d to be paid to Joseph White Esq; for defraying Expences of supporting in last Session the Bill for inflicting Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Bart.; 92c/. or 9d. to 4C be paid to George White Esq; for defraying Expences attending Committees of the House of Commons 4< in 1781 and 1782, to enquire into the causes of the War in the Carnatic, See; 1,779l. i^s. to be

paid to Mr. Evatty for Expences attending the Select Committees in the four last Sessions appointed

to take into Consideration the Administration of Justice in Bengal, &c.; 116l. i6r. 6d. to be paid to Mr. White jun. for Expences attending Select Committees during the last and present Session, to whom the Reports of the Directors of the East India Company were referred; 220l. to be paid to Mr. Benson 4t for his Expences and Trouble attending the Committee appointed to enquire into the Means of preventing Smuggling; 12,212l. nr- 6 d. issued to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining Convicts, (s'c.; 44 23,556l. 2f. 7 d to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 44 31 Geo. II. 5 168,010l. is. 9 Id. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 18 Geo. III.; 73,330l. 19J. 8d. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 19 Geo. III.; 207,909l. os. 3d. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 20 Geo. III. 19*. 2 d. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 22 Geo. III.; 24,943 /. c s. c£ d, to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 23 Geo. III.; 36,814/ *5* 5$d. to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 178;. The said Aids to be applied only to the Uses 4‘ Before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the Application of the Half-pay. By an Act 23 Geo. III. 44 a Sum not exceeding 77,985l. 5l. 1 cd. and a Sum not exceeding 47,sen/. were appropriated to be paid to reduced Officeis. Overplus Monies, above satisfying said Officers, to be disposed of to Officers who were maimed, &c. in the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Majesty " shall direct"

CAP. XLV.

An Act to extend the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

545

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, PrwmM*

intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the Heciul of iS United States of America; and to give to his Majesty> for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better 31 Ca*.

Seir. 2

546 C. 4j, 46. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of h!s Majestys Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States', it is, among other Things, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty in Council, by Order or Orders to be issued and published from Time to Time, to give such Di- redtions, and to make such Regulations, with iefpe£t to Duties, Drawbacks, or otherwise, for carrying on the Trade and Commerce between the People and T erritories belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, and the People and Territories of the said United States, as to his Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and salutary: And whereas iris expedient, that the Powers given to his Majesty by the said in Part recited Act, should be extended in like Manner to the Trade and intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same may relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltick, which may be exported from this Kingdommav it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

His Majesty in Gf the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty in Council, by Order or Orders to be issued frcdtomak^Re- anc* ffom Time to Time, to give such Directions, and to make such Regulations, with respect

flu do nt^for carl to Duties, Drawbacks, or other wise, for carrying on the Trade and Commerce between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as relates to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and o:her Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltick, which may be lawfully ex-

Eorted from this Kingdom, as to his Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and salutary; any ,aw, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, and the Powers and Authorities hereby given to his Majesty, and all Orders issued and published in consequence thereof, shall continue and be in Force *intil the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and no longer.

ryine on Trade with Pfiiifii America, reli* lire to Iron, Hemp, 5ail-cb'h, &c. Continuance of this Act,

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for destroying all Homemade and Foreign Spirits, after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentosh, in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

Prca table*

Trom Nnr, 1, j/84., the Dutiei on Wines *nd Spir ts for Home ConftrPp-:tion, shill bs -di (continued for two Yean.

Kew Duties in {lead thereof.

WHEREAS, by several Act of Parliament heretofore made, and now in Force, sundry Rates and Duties were granted upon Low Wines and Spirits made in Great Britain for Home Consumption: And whereas, in and by the said Acts, for granting such Rates and Duties, and by several other Acts made for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Collection and Payment thereof, divers Provisions and Directions for or in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, and collecting the said Rates and Duties were made and enacted: And whereas great Inconveniencies have arisen from the Mode of charging and collecting the said Rates and Duties; and the Powers, Rules, and Regulations, in and by the said several Acts made, provided, or contained, for the preventing of Frauds and Abuses, have been found ineffectual: For Remedy whereof, and, in order to maintain your Majesty's Revenues, and to secure a proper and sufficient Fund towards paying the several Incumbrance? on the said Rates and Duties, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, think it will be for the Advantage of the Publick to discontinue the Payment of the said Rates and Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits, for a limited Time, and, in lieu thereof, to grant to your Majesty, for the same limited Time, ’the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned y 4 and also that further Regulations should be provided and enabled for the better collecting thereof;’ and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent* of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for and during the Space of two Years, to be computed from the first Day of November-> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all the Rates and Duties gramtd and imposed upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, in and by any Act or Acts heretofore made, and now in Force, shall be difeonti-nued, save only and except the Anears which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Rates and Duties; and that in lieu and (lead thereof, the several Rates and Duties hereafter mentioned shall, for and during the said Term of two Years, be substituted, charged, and paid.; (that is today,)

Tor every G dlon 4>f fermented Wafo, brewed for txtrjfling 'Spina for Home Cydrr or Perry Wewed from Bri» ftish Materials, per Gallon;

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made for extracting Spirits for Home Cofl-fumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, the Sum of five Pence:

Consumption from Mair. See. $6, s '

For every Gallop of Cyder or Perry, or other Wash, or Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort or Kind of Ifr/ri>Materials (except such as are before mentionedj, or from any Mixture therCWIJ

e

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 547

Wt& made from Melafle* or S u-7&* iq. per Gallon 3

Penalty on it* uwring or con-coaling Walk* Ac.

for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, the SuO| of four Pence:

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, made or brewed from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or DistiJicr# thereof, the Sum of seven Pence farthing:

And for every Gallon of foreign refused Wine, or foreign Cyder, or Waft, prepared from foreign Foreign refused Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Con- win«>&c* «©<f. fumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, the Sum of ten Pence. per Callous

II. And be it further enacted, That no Wort, Waft, or Tilts, in the Possession of any Distillef or Maker of Spirits, stal) be removed or taken from his entered Premises, or concealed; but all such Wort,

Waft, and Tilts, and also all Low Wines extracted therefrom, shall be severally used and distilled by such Distiller; and when and so often as any Wort, Waft, Tilts, or Low Wines, shall be removed, taken away, or concealed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Wprt, Waft, Tilts, and Low Wines stall be seized, forfeited, and loft; and4over and besides such Forfeiture, such Distiller, and the Person or Persons employed to remove, or who stall receive the same, stall be liable to the Penalty of ten Shillings for every Gallon of Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, so removed, taken away* Or concealed respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Wort, Waft, Tilts, or other Liquor, for the distilling

Spirits for Home Consumption, stall be put in* the Still, or otherwise removed from the Back or Vefle! wherein the same was or were fermented, until the same stall have been gauged, and the Duties aforesaid rated thereon by the proper Officer of Excise; and if any Distiller stall, contrary to the Directions of this Act, put into any Still, or otherwise remove any such Wort, Waft, Tilts, or other Liquor, from the Back or Vessel wherein the same was or were so fermented, before the same stall have been gauged, and the Duties rated thereon as aforesaid, such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and stall also pay a double Duty for all the Wort, Waft, Tilts, and other Liquor so put into the Still, or removed as aforesaid. N

IV. And to the Intent that the Officers of Excise may be the better enabled to deleft Frauds or illicit Practices of every Kind and Description be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise* having any Still, or Still-house, or other Place used for the Purposes of making or drftilling Spirits for Home Consumption, under his Charge or Survey, stall keep exact Accounts in his Books (on Pain of Dismission, and being rendered incapable of serving any Office under the Crown) of all Wort, Wash,

Tilts, and other Liquors, whereon the aforesaid Duties are imposed by this Act, and stall in his said Books of Account give unto the several and respective Distillers or Makers of Spirits he ftaU so survey, a Credit according to the following Rates or Proportions; that is to say,

For every one hundred Gallons of Wort or Waft, made or brewed from Malt, Com, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, the Owner or Distiller thereof stall have Credit for twenty Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof:

thill have Credit for ao Galloni of Spirit!, of one to ten over Hydrometer

For every one hundred Gallons of Cyder, Perry, Waft, or other Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, the Owner or Distiller thereof shall have Credit for fifteen Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength aforesaid:

Materials, 15 Galloni of the Strength

For every one hundred Gallons of Wort or Waft, made or brewed from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the Owner or Distiller thereof stall have Credit for twenty-two Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength aforesaid:

And for every one hundred Gallons of foreign refused Wine or foreign Cyder, or of Wort or Waft, made or brewed from any foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture with the same, the Owner or Distiller thereof stall have Credit for twenty Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if, on calling up the Stock of any Distiller or Maker of Spirits for Home Consumption, such Maker, not being also a Re&ificr, at the aforesaid Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, the Officer of Excise shall find the Quantity of Spirits contained in such Stock to exceed the Quantity for which the Distiller or Maker thereof is intitled to such Credit as aforesaid, after deducting and allowing for the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted to such Distiller or Maker; then, and in every such Case, the Increase of Stock stall be deemed and con-

jrr^ as havin8 been made from Wort, Waft), Tilts, or other Liquor, not duly charged with the Rates

vlPut'es granted by this Act, and such Increase stall be seized and forfeited.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer of Excii'e stall gauge all Wort, Waft, and ®mer Liquor, after the same stall be put into the Waft Still (whether for Home Consumption of Exportation), and keep in his Books true Accounts of the Still Gauges of such Waft, Wort, and other ^'Ru°r respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller or Maker of Spirits for Home Consumption, whether he be a Rectifier or not, stall, before he begin to draw off any Low Wines from the Waft Still, charge the same with the Wort, Waft, or Other Liquor, on which the Duties aforesaid stall have been med, in the Proportion of not Iefs than three Parts in four of the whole Quantity of Liquor which such hull, including the Head, k capable of containing; and that every Distiller or DrftiUers for Exportation,

V01..XIV. Part IV.

Wgfli, ftc, net Hi be rtrmove i froiA the Vessel where*, in it wit fer. merited, until the Officer hat gauged it*

Penalty*

Officer* to keep an eta a Ao»

count of all — Wort, Wash, &c. whereon the new Duties are im« poled*

Fer fob Oflftor* of Wort, brewed from M*lt, Corjy, &c. the Maker Proof.

For ioo Galloni of Cyder, Ac* brewed from other British aforesaid:

For 100 Galloni of Wort, brewed from Melaflei, &c. sa Galloni aforesaid s For 100 Gallons of foreign refused Wine, Ac, 10 Gallons of Spirits as aforesaid* If the Officer shall find the Quantity of Spi* rits exceed the Proportion above mentioned, such Increase shall he feiied.

Officer to gauge all Wort, &c. after put into the Still.

Penalty on Di-ftillert who shall draw off any Low Wines until the Wash Still shall have been properly charged

5+8

If any Distiller ftjll keep Low Wines more than *4 Hours after running off from the Waft Still, he ftalj forfeit 10 L per Hour*

Directions relative to drawing ©ff Bmi/h Spi-

litSj &cc+

Oause relative

to Permits tot Removal of Bririft Spirits for Home Con-Ju mptioa*

permits to cor-

lespond with the Particulars of the Request Note.

Duplicates to be delivered by the Officer*

Disputes relative to the Delivery of a Permit to The Buyer of British Spirits* how to be determined*

Buyer not to avail himself of any such Forfeiture, unless, within 14 Days, Be exhibit his Complaint on Oath, and prose-<u;t the lamer

ReflriCHont relative to the Strength of

British Spirit*.

C. 46. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to draw off any Low Wines from their Wash Still, charge the same with Wash, in the Proportion of not less than four Parts in five of the whole Quantity of Liquor which such Wash Still, including the Head, ts capable of containing; and that every Wash Still shall be worked off within the Space of twenty Hours, to be computed from the Time of the Officer’s taking the Gauge of such Still; and that every Distiller or Maker of Spirits who shall begin to draw oft' any Low Wines until the Wash Still shall have been so charged as aforesaid, or after having been so charged, shall pot work the same off within the Time hereby limited, shall, in either of such cases, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

c VIII. And, for the better Prevention of Abuses, or of Impediments to the Officer in taking c an Account of the Distillei’s Stock,’ be it further enacted, That all Low Wines whether made by Distillers entered for Home Consumption or Exportation shall, within the Space of twelve Hours after the same shall have been run off from the Wash Still, be pumped or put into the Low Wine Still, and shall, within the Space of the next twelve Hours, be drawn off* into Spirits; and if any such Low Wines shall be kept by any Distiller or Maker thereof, more than twenty-four Hours after the same shall have been runoff from the Wash Still, every such Distiller shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds by the Hour for every Hour beyond the Time or Space hereby limited, during which any of such Low Wines shall be kept or remain without being a second Time distilled.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Rectifier and Compounder of British Spirits shall, before he shall begin to draw off* any British Brandy, Compounds, or other Spirits, from his Still, charge the same in the Proportion of not less than three Parts in four of the whole Quantuy of Liquor which such Still, including the Head, is capable of containing; and that every such Still shall be worked oft* within sixteen Hours, to be computed from the Time of the Officers raking the Gauge of the Still; and every Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, who shall draw off any British Brandy, Comp mnds, or other Spirits, from any Still, until the same shall have been so charged, or shall not work off the same within the Time hereby for that Purpose limited, shall, in either of such cases, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Persons intitled to and demanding any Permit for the Removal of raw or unrectified British Spirits, Spirits of Wine, Compounds, or British Brandy, for Home Consumption, shall, in the Request Note, specify the Quantity of such Spirituous Liquors, and shall also describe to which of the afore-mentioned Classes the Liquor so intended to be removed shall belong, distinguishing* raw and unrectified Spirits made from Corn, from raw and unrectified Spirits made from Melasses or Sugar, or any other Materials; and also specifying the Contents of the several Casks, Vessels, and other Packages containing the same, and by what Mode of Conveyance, whether by Land Carriage or Water Carriage, the same is intended to be sent; and no Permit shall be granted on any Request Note not made conformable hereto; and all Spirituous Liquors which shall be removed under any false De-scription shall be seized, loft, and forfeited.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Permit to be granted by any Officer of Excise for the Removal of any British Spirituous Liquors for Home Consumption, shall be made to correspond, in respect to the Particulars aforesaid, with the Request Note whereon the same shall be granted; and every such Officer is hereby required to make out and deliver unto the Party calling for and intitled to such permit, two original Parts or Duplicates thereof, one of which shall be intitled The Seller’s Permits and the other The Buyer's Permit, in printed Letters; and that the Buyer’s Permit shall be sent and delivered with such Spirituous Liquors unto the Buyer thereof, upon Pain that such Spirituous Liquors shall (if the same Is not seized in the Transit for want of lawful Permit) be forfeited to the Buyer thereof, and the Seller rendered incapable of recovering the Value or Price thereof in any Court of Law or Equity; and also, that the Seller shall, over and besides the Loss of the said Spirituous Liquor, forfeit and lose double the Value thereof, including the Duties, and that the Evidence of the Buyer, or Person receiving the said Spirituous Liquors, shall be admitted to prove that the same was delivered without a lawful Permit.

XII. Provided always, That when any Suit or Action shall be commenced, or any Information brought, wherein the Delivery or^ Non-delivery of any Permit to the Buyer of any British Spirituous Liquors shall become a Question, it shall be sufficient for the Seller to exhibit on Proof the Permit, intitled, The Seller s Permit, for the Removal of such Britis}) Spirituous Liquors, and to prove that there hath been a suitable Decrease in the Seller’s Stock of the Spirits mentioned in such Permit; and, upon the making out such Proof, the Spirituous Liquor in question shall be adjudged to have been sent out and delivered with a lawful Permit, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XIII. Provided also, Thatcfio Buyer of any such British Spirituous Liquors shall avail himself of any such Forfeiture as aforesaid, unless such Buyer shall, within fourteen Days next after the Delivery of the said Goods, exhibit his Complaint or Information upon Oath, before the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction, and forthwith prosecute the same with Eftest; and when any such Buyer shall, before the Delivery of such Spirituous Liquors, have actually paid for the same, and shall prosecute the Seller, by Information, for the Recovery of the said Penalty of double Value, to a Conviction for the Offence aforesaid* then, and in such Case, the said Buyer shall and may have aid maintain his Action upon the Case at the Common Law against such Seller for the Money so paid, as for so much Money received by the Defendant for the Plaintiff’s Use and, upon obtaining a Verdict in such Action, the Plaintiff shall also recover his Costs of Suit.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall fell or send out any Spirits whatsoever, of a greater Degree of Strength, for Home Consumption, than that of one to ten over Hydio-meter Proof; and no Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, whether he be a Maker of Spirits or not, shall fell or send out any Compounds, British Brandy, or other Spirits, of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one inten under Hydrometer Proof* and if any such Distiller, Maker, Reftifi

or

549

Rf£K/Ws, lrc# for every 100 Gallons of rat* Spirits they shall receive, are al-

140 Gallons of Compound, &c,

OfEeeri to Iceep Accounts with every DifHIJer, RedVi&cr, &c, to prevent their issuing Permits in a greater Propor-

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46.

or Compounder, 'shall fell or send out any Compounds, British Brandy, or other Spirits, contrary to thd Intent of this Act, such Compounds, British) Brandy, and other Spirits, shall be seized and forfeited.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Redifier Exception with or Compounder of Spirits, or any Dealer in Compounds, British Brandy, or other rectified Spirits, resp^n to Spiiii* upon Condition of their keeping their whole Stock of Spirits of Wine separately and apart from their

Stock of other Liquors, but not otherwise, to call for and receive Permits for fending out Spirits of Wine of any higher or greater Degree of Strength than that of one inten under Hydrometer Proof, to any Person not being a Maker, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirits, so that the whole Quantify of such Spirits of Wine, to be sent to any one Person in the same Day, shall not exceed one hundred and twenty Gallons; and the Officer granting such Permits, shall therein express the same to be double Spirit, and shall debit the Stock of such Redifier, Compounder, or Dealer, at the Rate of one hundred and eighty Gallons of British Spirits, lor every one hundred Gallons of Spirits of Wine, for which such Permits shall be respectively granted.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That for making unto the Redifiers and Compounders of Spirits, as well for what they shall make as for what they shall purchase and receive by Permit, a fair Allowance for that Increase by Water which is necessary to render their Spirits fit for Consumption, they shall be allowed Permits for the fending out any Number of Gallons, not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and forty Gallons of Compounds, or British Brandy, for every iowr 7 Permits" one hundred Gallons of British raw or unredified Spirits, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer for fencing out Proof, which they shall have received by Permit, or shall have made according to the Regulations and Directions of this Act* any Thing herein, or in any other Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And, to the Intent that the Officers of Excise may not issue Permits for fending out a greater Quantity of British Spirits, Compounds, ox British Brandy, from the Stock of any Rectifier or Compounder of British Spirits, whether he be a Maker of Spirits or not, than that of one hundred and forty Gallons for every one hundred Gallons which he shall legally make, or legally receive;’ be it further enacted, That the proper Officers of Excise shall keep an Account in their Books, with every Distiller,

Maker, Redifier, and Compounder of British Spirits, as well of the Quantities of all British Spirits which such Distiller shall legally make, or legally receive, as of all British Spirits, Compounds, Spirits of Wine, and British Brandy, for which such Officers shall grant any Permit; and when and so often as any Officer shall be called upon or required, by any Maker, Redifier, or Compounder of Spirits, to grant any Permit for fending out any Compounds, British Brandy, or other Spirits, exceeding the Quantity which such Maker, Redifier, or Compounder, ought to have remaining in Stock, the Officer t,on l.han above shall immediately examine, or cause to be examined, the Stock in Hand of the Person or Persons de- mcnllone manding such Permit as aforesaid, and whatever Excess shall be found, such Excess shall be seized and forfeited.

XVIII. And, to the Intent that the Officers of Excise may the better guard against and discover any illicit Practices for evading the Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, granted by this Ad/ be it further enacted, That the Officers of Excise shall, within thirty Days after the Day of the passing of Officer*, once Fit. this Act, and so afterwards once in every thirty Days at the least, and ofeener when Occafign shall /cVount'of

require, or when directed by any, Principal or General Officer of Excise, or by the Surveyor or Super- the Stock of all vilor of the District, take an Account of the Stock of all Distillers and Makers of British Spirits for Home Distilkrs for Consumption, and also of the raw or unredified Stock of all Dealers in Spirits for Home Consumption, HomeConsump-(such Distillers, Makers, or Dealers, not being actual Redifiers or Compounders of Spirits); and if, on tlon» and of lhc taking the same, the Quantity of Spirits in Stock, added to the Quantity for which Permits fhdl have been granted since the Lit Reckoning shall be found to exceed the Stock left in Hand on the Lft Reckoning, added to the Quantity since legally made or received by Permit (such Stock being cast or computed at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof}, the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess shall be seized, loft, and forfeited.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That within thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, and afterwards once in every thirty Days at the least, the Officers of Excise shall also take an Account of the raw or unredified Stock of every Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, whether he be a Maker or not, £caificra^and and also of his Stock of all Compounds, British Brandy, or other British Spirits; and if on taking such Account, the Stocks so taken, added to the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been drawn Compound

by such Redifier or Compounder since the last Reckoning, shall be found to exceed the former Stock, *

and the Quantity since made or received by Permit, with the Allowance of forty Gallons as aforesaid on every one hundred Gallons so made or received (calling or computing such Stock at the Strength of °ne inten under Hydrometer Proof), the Compounds, British Brandy, or other British Spirits, lo exceeding, shall be seized, loft, and forfeited.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Still shall happen to be at work at the nircaiens reli-Time of the Officers of Excise taking the Stock of any Distiller, Maker, Rectifier, or Compounder of tiv* to Stills at Spirits to whom such Still belongs, then, and in every such Case, all the Spirits produced from that work at the Charge of the Still shall be kept separate and apart from the rest of the Stock, till the Account of the rest

of the Stock shall have been completely taken, after which the Spirits produced from the Charge of the toc

*4 ac^cd to the Stock.

XXI. And, for enabling the Officers of Excise the more readily to take the several Accounts by this Standing cafc§

Ad directed/ be it further enacted, That all {landing or fixed Cask$, wherein any raw or unrectified conuining raw Spirits, Compounds, British Brandy, or other Spirits, are kept in St;ock, shall, within thirty Days after Joe passing of this Act, or if erected or set up after that Time, then before the same shall be made use of, entered at the proper Office of Excise, and be truly gauged and inched to the Satisfaction of the Prin-

B 2 cipal

tion, raw Stock of Dealevs

And also of the raw Stock of

Spirits shall, within 30 Dayi after passing thi* or before they are used, be

Sess. a.

550 C. 46. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

nterel it the proper Office, and gauged. Moveable Cailct to have their Content* mark* ed thereon, on Penalty of 50 J. Moveable Casks not empty, to be filled up before Officers take Stock,

on Penalty of JOOj.

Dealers, who are vtpt Rectifier*, Ire, not to be allowed any Increase upon Spirit?*

Spirits found in the Possessitm of Dealers above the Strength allowed by this Act, to be forfeited*

e

Who shall be deemed Recti-Hers or Compounders of British Spirits*

Officers may take Samples of Spirits, paying for the same.

In what Heed Vessel*, and at what Hours, Spirits may be received by Oif-till-rs, Recti-fieri, 4c,

After Oct. r,

ler to have more than one Pip* leading to his Waffi Still.

Pimenfioni

thereof.]

[Penalty.]

Officers may take a Sample 0£ the Wafl»

cipal or General Officer of Excise, or of the Surveyor or SupemTor of Excise for the District; and that every moveable Calk, used for the Purpose of fending out or keeping of raw or unreftified Spirits, Compounds, British Brandy, and other Spirits, by any Maker, Rectifier, Compounder, or Dealer in British Spirits for Home Consumption, shall have its full Contents in Gallons legibly marked on some conspicuou* Part thereof, upon Pain that the Owner of any moveable Cask so used, not being so marked, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Default or Omission.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if a previous Notice of twelve Hours, in Writing, be given or left by the Officer of Excise, of his Intention to take any Stock of raw or unreftified Spirits, Compounds, British Brandy, or other Spirits, by virtue of this Act, the Owner thereof shall forthwith fill up, or cause to be filled up, all such of his moveable Casks as shall not be left empty, except that he may leave oneUlageof each respective Sort or Species of Compounds, British Brandy, or other Spirits, to the Intent that such Officer may be able to take such Stock with the greater Eafeand Certainty; and the Owner of any such Stock refusing or neglecting so to do, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Dealer in Spirits, not being also a Maker or Rectifier of Spirits for Home Consumption, shall he allowed any Increase upon any Spirits whatsoever; and if, on taking an Account of the Stock, there shall be found any raw or unrccl/fied Spirits of a greater Strength than that of one to ten over Hydrometer Hoof,-or any British Brandy, or Compounds of any Kind, above the Strength of one inten under Hydrometer Proof, (save only and except Spirits of Wine, which are herein-before otherwise provided for,) the same shall be respectively seized and forfeited.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, on taking the Stock of any Dealer in Spirits, not being an actual Rectifier or Compounder, any British Spirits, or Compounds, or British Brandy, (excepting Spirits of Wine received by lawful Permit under this Act,) or any Mixture of British Spirits, Compounds, or British Brandy with foreign Spirits, shall be found in his Custody, exceeding the Strength of one inten under Hydrometer Proof, the same shall be deemed British Spirits illicitly obtained, and shall be seized and forfeited.

XXV. And, to the Intent that no Allowance may be made, or Permits granted, to any Person or Persons calling themselves Reftifiers or Compounders for Sale, but not being known and actual Recti- fiers or Compounders, for any Increase which such Person or Persons may make in their Stock by

Water/ be it further enacted, That no Dealer, or other Person, shall be deemed to be a Rectifier cr Compounder of British Spirits within the Purvieu or Intent of this Act, who shall not have an entered Still, capable of containing in the Body thereof, exclusive of the Head, one hundred and twenty Gallons at the lead, nor unless such Still shall have suitable Tubs and Worms affixed thereto, and shall be really and bona Jide used for the rectifying of British Spirits for Sale.

XXVI. And, to the Intent that the Officers of Excise may the more conveniently examine into, and give Proof (if necessary) of the Strength and Quality of any Compounds, British Brandy, or other Spirits for Home Consumption/ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, at all Times, to take Samples, not exceeding four Gallons respectively, of any Compounds, British Brandy, or other Spirits whatever, upon Payment after the Rate of seven Shillings Gallon for British Spirits, and of thirteen Shillings per Gallon for foreign Spirits.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Maker, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirits, shall receive into his Stock or Possession any raw or unreftified Spirits in any Cask or Vessel of a less Size or Content than that of one hundred Gallons at the lead; nor shall any rectified or unreftified Spirits, or any Compounds, or British Brandy, be received by any Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, or by any Dealer in Spirits, at any other Time than between the Hours herein after mentioned; that is to say. From the twenty-fifth Day of Marchs to the twenty-ninth Day of September, both inclusive, between the Hours of five in the Morning and seven in the Evening; and from the thirtieth Day of September, to* the twenty-fourth Day of March, both inclusive, between the Hours of seven in the Morning and fix in the Evening; and when and so often as any raw or unreftified Spirits shall be received in any Cask or Vessel of a less Content or Size than such as is before described, or if any raw or unreftified Spirits, or any Compounds, or British Brandy, shall be received at any other Hour than as hereinbefore for that Purpose is limited, such Compounds, British Brandy, and other Spirits, shall be seized and forfeited*

XXVIII. And whereas great Frauds are daily committed by Distillers fraudulently conveying Wafll into their Stills, and the Officers of Excise are not sufficiently enabled to discover the lame, by reason of the Number of Pipes and Conveyances which communicate with the Charging Pipe/ now, the better to enable the Officers of Excise to detest such Frauds in future, be it enacted, That no DiffiHef of Spirits, whether for Home Consumption or Exportation, shall, from and after the first Day of OStnher^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, have or keep any Pipe or Conveyance leading to his Walk Still, save and except the known Charging Pipe or Conveyance leading from his known and entered WaJi Back or Backs, and which said Pipe or Conveyance (hatl empty itself into a Shute, open Trunk, or Vtflil, at a Distance not exceeding fix Feet from the Still, and of the following Dimensions; (that is to say,) At least four Feet in Length, two Feet in Width, and two Feet in Depth; from which Shute, open Trunk, or Vessel, the Conveyance Pipe, into the Wash Still, shall be in a straight Line; on of forfeiting, for every other Pipe or Conveyance erected, set up, kept, or continued,’the Sum of two* hundred Pounds: And, to the End that the Officers of Excise may be able to taste, examine, and ascertain the Quality of all Wash* or other Liquors intended to be conveyed into the Still or Stills of every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines and Spirits, whether for Home Consumption or Exportation, such Officers are hereby empowered, as often as to them, or any one of them, shall seem expedient, to take a. Sample or Samples of the Wadi or Liquid while in* Fermentation, or during its Conveyance to w*

I Warn

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 551

Wash Still or Stills, not exceeding twelve Gallons at any one Time, on paying after the Rate of one

Shilling and Sixpence per Gallon for the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, ReftncHons, Powers, Tht FroYlfiont Authorities, and Directions, enacted, provided, granted, and contained in and byjm Ad of the twelfth cont»ined in

- ~ " 's in the Revenues

fourteenth Year Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Diallers or Makers of Low /Dines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Difiller; and for the more effectual fearing the Revenue of Excise at ifrig from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap imported and fed in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures<; so far as the same relate to or concern the finding, providing, and affixing any Locks, Keys, or Fastenings to the Furnace Doors,

Wash Pumps Still Head, and Charge and Discharge Cock, of any Wash Still, and to the Head and Discharge Cock of any Low Wine Still for the making of Spirits for Home Consumption, and for the securing, locking up, and LTfe thereof respectively; and the Powers, Authorities, and Dictions thereby respectively given to the Officers of Excise for the opining and {hutting of the Furnace Doors, and Still Heads, and Cocks, and for enforcing a due Obedience to the said Acts, in respect to the Matters aforesaid, under the several Pains and Penalties thereby respectively imposed and inflicted for any Dif-obedienceor Neglect concerning the same, shall be, and the same are hereby re-enadeJ and declared to extend to all Furnaces, Wash Pumps, and Stills of Distillers and Makers of Low Wines and Spirits for Exportation.

XXX. And, for enabling the Officers of Excise the better to guard against any Fraud in the Charge of the Wash Still for distilling of Low Wines and Spirits for Exportation, under a Pretence of such Charge having been increased by Water or other Fluid mixed therewith \ be it further flatted, That Distillert not in* no Distiller or Maker of Spirits for Exportation shall have or be intitled to any Allowance, for or under titled to any All any Pretence of any Increase by Water or any other Fluid mixed with the Wash put into the Still; but the whole Charge of the Still shall be considered as Wash, and the Distiller or Maker fhuil, in respect of the said Charge, produce to the proper Officer the several and respective Quantities and Proportion of Spirits specified and directed i 1 and by an Act of the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for (amongst other Things) the better and more effectually securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein, under the Pains and Penalties in and by the said Act directed and provided in that Behalf,

XXXI. And whereas Distillers and Makers of Spirits, having made Entry of their Still houses, have femetimes for illicit Purposes withdrawn such Entry, although their Utensils for brewing and ferment- citing that Oiling Wort, Wadi, or other Liquors, and for distilling of Spirits, have been left Handing, or in such a tdlen some iiineir State as to be readily converted again to those Uies: And whereas there is reason to suspect that great Quantities of Spirits have been made in the Night-time, by Distillers and Makers of Spirits, without their^tTrenifi the Knowledge of the Officers of Excise, and that such Spirits have been afterwards concealed, or are left standing^ claiuieftinely removed, and the Duties chargeable thereon evaded: And whereas such Distillers and &e#

Makers of Spirits, disregarding the (mail and inadequate Penalty provided by Law for refusing Access by Night to the Officers of Excise, have many Times excluded and prevented any Officer frofn entering their respective Srill-houses in the Night-time, whereby Opportunities have been obtained of defrauding his Majesty of a considerable Parc of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits: And whereas no Provision is made by Law, whereby any Excise Officer can or may, in the Night-time, have Access to the entered Premises of the Maker of Spirits for Home Consumption, but in the Presence of a Con-ffable, or Peace Officer; and by means of the frequent Difficulty of finding any such Officer in the Night, as well as of the Smallr.efs of the Penalty which he incurs by his Refusal to attend the Officer of Excise for such Purposes when required, the Assistance of such Peace Officer can fddom be obtained ;* be it further enacted, That no Distiller, or Maker of Spirits for Home Consumption, shall be Distiller to allowed to withdraw or discontinue his or her Entry of any Still-house or Store-house, whilst any Duty £,lhdn" hi» therein shall be depending, or any Utensils for brewing, fermenting, or distilling, shall be (landing; and *&c

that it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, belonging to the District, to enter whilst anyhuty by Night, as well as by Day, by the uftial or mod accustomed Doors or Passages, into all entered Still- is depending, c* houses, and all other Places where Utensils for brewing, fermenting, or distilling, are (landing, belonging FtenfiI. to any Distiller or Maker of Low* Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption or Exportation 5 and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct any such Officer or Officers of Excise from having free In-gress and Regress into and from any such entered StilLhouse or Place, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and after any Obstruction, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer or Officers of Excise, together with proper Assistance, to break open, by Force, any Doors leading or belonging to such entered Still-house or Place, or any of the Windows thereof.

11 Geo. 3. Ctp* 46.3

and 14 Geo. j,

Cap. 7

so fir as relates to providing Locks or Keys t& the Forn?ce Doors, Still Head, &r.

extended to Di£ tilUrs of Low Wines, Ac, so* Exportation*

lowance for In* crease of Wtfta is the Stiff*

Preamble, re-

Officers may enter Still-housea

by Nighr, as well as by Day, Persons obstrutf-ing them forfeit 3001.

of to break through any of the Walls, so far as is necessary for obtaining Entrance thereinto: Provided niniiier. may always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Distiller changetbeit Bn. ffom changing his Entry for the making of Spirits for Home Consumption, to an Entry for making of * from Hom. Spirits for Exportation, or from changing his Entry for the making of Spirits for Exportation, to an twumption to kntry for making of Spirits for Home Consumption, so that every new Entry for the respective Purposes xP0, Ul,0',>*e» aforesaid be made on the same Day whereon such Distiller shall have withdrawn or discontinued his fermer Entry; but if the new Entry shall not be made on the same Day in which the former Entry shall be withdrawn, such former Entry shall remain and continue in full Force.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person actually occupying any House, whether he or fee be the Owner or Renter thereof, shall knowingly permit any private Rack or Still to be fee up and in*iy permit,i,r

uleJ piiviit Back

552

or Still to be ulccl in their H >v(etf shall incur the same Penalties as the Ferlons using the same.

Spirits seized and condemned, to be valued by Xuch Person?,

See as the Commissioners of Excite and Cuf-t^m< respectively iJiail dir^l; and then derttoyed. Receiver general to pay to the seizing Olhcer the Amount of his. Share of the Value.

From Nov. I, I'S4> Crofg* Bishop of Maid-/lone shall pay the following Duty for the Maidstone Geneva i

For every 71 Gallons of Wa/h produced from. 11 a Pounds of Malr, See. 15s.

Six Gallons of Spirits to be allowed by the Officer for n* Poinds of Malt, Sec.

George B’.for.p to give 11 Hour! Notice to the Officer to weigh the Malt, Scc. on Penalty of 5'®'-

George Bishop to provide a f.rah Still, to enable the Officer to determine the Strength of tho Walk,

Duties to be under the Mimge-rrrnt of the

Cnmm fiionrs of Exci'.e in

Bng’^nl and

Scotland relpcc-tivtly }

§nd paH at fjch Time* ’he Duties hereby discontinued »re directed o he

Monies atifr.fr from the Duties how to be applied.

Powers and Pe-

OjjacsoX former

C. 46. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sefli 2.

used in any Part of such House, or in any Building thereto belonging, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for the making of Wort, Waft, or otlwr Liquor for DistiiLnon, or of any Low Wines or Spirits, without a due Entry being previously made thereof at the proper Office of Excise, as is by Law required, such Occupier (bull incur and be subject to the same Pains and Penalties as are by Law directed to be inflicted on the Peiil»n or Persons actually uhng any such Back or Still.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Arrack and Rum, and all Home made and Foreign Brandy, Compounds, and other Spirits, of what kind soever, which Hi ill he seized and condemned as forfeited, under any former Act or this present Act, shall be valued by such Persons, and in such Manner and Form respectively, as the Commissioners of Excise, in Cases of Seizure made by their Officers, and as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, in case of Seizure made by Officers of the Customs, shall respectively direct; and, after such Valuation, the same shall be Saved and utterly destroyed; and that on the Officer or Officers who fcizM the Time producing a satisfactory Certificate or Proof of such Valuation and Condemnation, and of the destroying such Brandy, Compounds, or other Spirits, unto the said Commissioners, they are hereby respectively authorised and required to direct the Receiver-general of the Duties of Excise, or the Receiver-general of the Customs, as the Case may be, to pay, out of the Duties in their Receipt and Collections, unto the seizing Officer or Officers, the Amount in Value of his or their Shares of such condemned and destroyed Brandy, Compounds, or other Spirics, according to the Valuation thereof made as aforesaid, exclusively of the Duties for the fame; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And whereas a Manufacture of Spirits, commonly called Maidstone Geneva^ was formerly established at Maidjhne in Kent by George Bishop of that Place, which Manufacture is eifentially different from any other Manufacture of Spirits in Great Britain, as well with respect to the Quality of the Liquor, ‘ as to the Process by which it is made: And whereas the said Manufacture requires to large a Proportion ‘ of Wash tctyroduce a given Quantity of Spirits, as to render it impossible to revive the said Manufacture, c if the Rate of Duty prescribed by this Act be collected on each Gallon of the Wash be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of November, one thousfind seven hundred and eighty-four, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be paid by the said George Bist) of% for every seventy-two Gallons of Wash which he shall produce from a Weight of Malt, or other Corn, not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds, the Sum of fifteen Shillings, being at the Rate of Two-pence Halfpenny Gallon.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That for every one hundred and twelve Pounds of Malt, or other Corn, so used, the said George Bishop shall be allowed a Credit, in the Books of the proper Officer of Excise, of not more than fix Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That before the said George Bijlo-p shall make use of any Malt or Corn, for the Purpose of making any Worts or Walh, he shall give twelve Hours Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise of his Intention to use the same, in order that the said Officer may attend to weigh such Malt or Corn; and if the said George Bishop shall neglect to give such Notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit and loffi the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpose of enabling any Officer of the District to ascertain the Strength of the Wash on which the Duty as aforesaid fhftl have been charged, the said George Bishop shall provide, in the f-iid Distillery House, a small Still, with a Worm and Tub complear, of a Size Efficient to distill, at one Time, twenty-four Gallons of Wash; which Quantity of Walh such Officer is hereby empowered to take and distill for the Purpose aforesaid, when and so often as he (hill think fit; and if the twenty-four Gallons of Walh so distilled, shall be fou^d to produce more than two Gallons of Spiiits, at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, then the whole Quantity of Walh from which such twenty-four Gallons were taken, shall be charged with a Duty of ten Pence per Gallon.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, Th tt all such of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as fhftl arise and become payable in England or Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in England for the Time being; and that all such of the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as shall arise and become payable in Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and the said Commission-cjs of Excise, or the major Part of them, within their respective Departments or Jutifdiftions, (hah be, and are hereby respectively empowered,^by Commission under their respective Hands and Seals, to con-fiitute and appoint under them such Omcers as shall be necessary in that Behalf; and all the Monies to arise from the said Rates and Duties shall, from Time to Time, during the said Space or Term of two Years, be pfld, collected, and received at such respective Times, as the aforesaid Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and hereby discontinued, have usually been, or ought to have been, or are directed to be paid, collected, and received; and all the Monies whatsoever arising from the Rares and Duties granted by this Act Cull, accord.n-j to the Judgement of the said Commissioners of Ex-ci/e in England and Scotland, within their respective Departments for the Time being, or the major Part of them, be by them ordered, appropriated, paid, and applied, in a due and just Proportion, to and for the several and the same Uses and Purposes as the said Rates and Duties on Low Wines and Spirits were, by the several Acts for granting, impeding, or appropriating the same, directed to be appropriated and applied respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Met hods* Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, by any Act of Parliament now in rce

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. £53

relating to his M tjtfty’s Revenues of Excise upon Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, made in Great Britain for Home Consumption, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing railing, levying, collecting, paying, reco'ering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the Rates, Duties, or Penalties thereby granted or directed, and for preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds relative there-to (not being e>prtssly altered, upealed, changed, ortonuouled by this Act), shall be txerciled, practised, applied, uled, imposed, levied, iccoveied, and put in Execution, for the ft curing, enforcing, managing, laifing, levying, coll* cSting, payirg, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, heiein-belore impoied, granted, or made payable by this Act, and for detecting, preventing, and punishng Frauds reL'ing thereto, s fuiiy and effectually, to all intents and Purpftes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were herein repeated and re-enacted.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Su t shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Alatter or Filing done, by any Officer or Officera of Excise or Custums, or any others acting in his or their Aid, in Execution of, or by Reason of his or their Office, under th? Authority or by Colour of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Months next after the Cause of Action shall have atilen, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or tried in the County or Place where the Fafts were committed, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead thj General Illne, and give the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if, up »n a Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in other Cases where Coifs are given by Law.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, assault, resist, oppose, moleff, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise, in the due Execution of the several Powers and Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officer, by this or any other Act now in Force relating to Oilfillers, Rectifiers, or Compounders of British Spirits for Home Consumption, or for Exportation, or to Sellers of, or Dealers in, Brandy, Arrack, Rum, or other Spirits or Strong Waters 5 every Person or Persons so offending, shall (except in such Case for which other Penalties are herein-before directed) forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act (and not herein-before other wise directed) shall be sued for, recovered, and levied by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture,* is or may be sued for, recovered, or levied, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Hill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, if the Matter shall arise in England or I Vain, cr the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, if the M.nter shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdoms y and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them who shall discover, inform, or lue for the fame-

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be sued or prosecuted for iny of the Penalties given by this Act, shall be prosecuted for the same Offence under any former Act 5 nor shall any Person who shall be sued or prosecuted for the Penalty given by any former Act, be prosecuted again for the same Offence by virtue of this present Act, or of any Thing herein contained.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

XLV. And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the Laws and Regulations established by the several Statutes, made in Behalf of the Disttllery of Corn Spirits, have not produced the intended Effect, cither to the Publick Revenue, or to the People, in sundry Counties or Districts of the High- lands, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and that upon Account of the inferior Qua- lity of the Grain produced in the Places and Limits after described, the mountainous Surface thereof, and the Nature of the Fuel: And whereas the several foregoing Regulations and Provisoes, ‘ by the present Statute enacted, would be equally defective in their Application to, or Execution 4 in, the said Districts as the Laws already subsisting have hitherto proved be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fvft Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall be lawful to the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, by Commission under their Hands, of his Majesty's Excise, in the said Part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding the several former Acts and Statutes which do at present fubfill in behalf of, or in relation to, the diddling or manufacturing Spirits from Corn, and also notwithstanding the Provisoes and Regulations herein-before enacted, ^.authorize and impower fufti Number of Persons as they shall judge proper and expedient, within the Highland Parishes and Districts of the several Counties of Orkney, Caithness, Sutherland, Ross, Inverwfs, ^gyle, Bute, Sterling, Lanark, Perth, Dunbarton, Aberdeen, Forfar, Kincardine, Bamjf, Nairn, and Murray, to erect, keep, and work S ills, the Cubic Contents of which, when the Heads are on, may contain twenty Gallons of English Measure, and of no greater Size or Content, or of any Number of Gallons under the said Content (except, in consequence of the Population and Quantity of Grain in any Particular Parish or District, it may appear necessary to the said Commissioners to license a Still or Stills from twenty to thirty Gallons, and of no greater Size or.Content), together with all necessary Implements Proportioned to the same; and todiffill or draw off Spirits from the Barley, Bear, or Big, of the Growth the said Pari ft, es or Districts, for one Year and for no longer or shorter Space, from the Date of the Commission or Licence, and so from Year to Year thereafter; and in such Commission or Licence to hx and ascertain the Bounds and Limits of the particular District within which the Licence is to hav* which Persons so licensed shall, upon Delivery of the said Commissions, be obliged to pay into i the

Acts rrLt ve to Spiri’.uoij Li quors lor Hori e Coninrup ion, shall be applied in executing this Act.

Limi^rionof

Atlions.

Genetal IfluSr

[Treble Costs.]

Any Person oh*

structing an Officer in the Execution of this Act, shall forfeit 2Coh

Pemlties snd Forfeitures hoy* to be recovered and applied.

No Person to be profreutedTwics for the same Offence.

CommencefnejtP of this Act.

From Oct. r, 1784, Commissionveis of Excise in Scotland may impower such Per^ tons as they think proper; in cert jin HigE* land Counties* to erect and work Stills*.

Duty to be paid b; Hch Person?

554

-not to grant Licences to Te-mnti, unless they produce a Certificate of Recommendation from their Landlords, &c« No Persont within the said Dif-trifts (except thafe t<i be authorised under th'8 Act, &r.) to distill any Low Wines or SfirtM*

A ny Person convicted of drilling Spirits, or haring any Still, ire. in his Pof-lelfion, shall forfeit tool, and also the Still, Worm, Sec.

ff the FfTeft# of the Offender are nor h ffi:ient, the H’ri ors of the parish shall supply the Deficiency*

Heritors, upon Payment, shall hire Afljon tgainst the principal Offender*

Licensed Persons, 10 Days before the Expiration at their Cent mi/lion, to renew the lame. On Failure thereof, and Continuance of Milling, to for* Aric ioui*

C. 46. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sell! 2,’

the Receipt of the General Excise, in the City of Edinburgh, the Sum of twenty Shillings for each Eng* lish Gallon of the Content of such Still specified by him, for the Endurance of one Year, in place of ail Rates or Duties whatsoever by this or any former Act imposed upon Distillers, or upon any Materials or Produce of Distillation.

XLVI. And, in regard the said Privilege and Exemption is hereby granted for the Purpose of pro- moting Agriculture and Improvement, for assisting to rear and support Cattle, and for accommodating the Inhabitants of the said Places, Parishes, and Districts, with Spirits drawn from their own Grain at moderate Rates, so as all Pretence for the Commission of Frauds against his Majesty's Revenue may be removed:’ Therefore, in order to prevent all such Frauds, and the Abuses of the said Privilege and Exemption; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful or allowable to the said Commissioners to grant Licences under this Act to any Person or Persons who are Tenants or Tax-men, unless such Person or Persons shall produce, with their Application, a Certificate subscribed by their real Landlord or Landlords, and also by a Justice of Peace of the County where they live, recommending him, her, or them, as proper Persons to receive such Licences.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to any Person or Persons whatsoever, within any of the Places, Parishes, or Districts so described (excepting those who shall be licensed or commissioned in Manner before directed, or Distillers regularly entered, according to the general Laws of Excise), to extract or distill any Low Wines or Spirits, from Barley, Corn, or Grain of any Kind, or other Materials, by any Method or Process whatsoever, or to have in his, her, or their Custody, any Worm or Still commonly used in distilling Corn Spirits, or any Wash, Low Wines, or other prepared Materials for Distillation.

XLVIII. And, for preventing of Frauds and Offences against the Prohibitions hereby made/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Person or Persons shall be convicted of extracting or distilling any Spirits from Corn or other Materials, or of having in his, her, or their Custody, any Worm or Still commonly used in distilling Corn Spirits, he, she, or they shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds for each Offence; one Moiety of which shall belong to the Poor of the Parish in which such Offence shall be committed, and be paid to the Kirk Treasurer or other Receiver of Charities upon their Account, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform of, and sue for the same; and further, the Still, Worm, Batch, and whole other Utensils found therewith, and belonging thereto, shall be forfeited and seized, and the Value thereof divided by equal Moieties; one Moiety to the said Poor of the Parish, ard the other Moiety to the Informer or Prosecutor, in the same Manner as is directed to be done with the said Fine or Penalty; and further, in case the said Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Penalty when demanded, then the House-hold Furniture, Implements, Crop, and Cattle, of the Person or Persons so convicted, shall be taken in Execution, and fold for Payment of the said Fine, the Charges of Recovery, and of making good the same, without regard to any Right the Landlord or other Party may have or pretend to have therein, upon any Account whatever; and in case no such Effects be f und, or that che Effects actually found 0iall not produce the Amount of the said Penalty and Charges, then the Heritors of the Parish in which the Offence ha6 been committed, shall be obliged to pay the Whole of the said Penalty, or to make up the Deficiency thereof, as the Case may happen; as also in the Cases where the said Heritors shall be liable or subjected, it shall be optional to the Board of Excise so Scotland, or to the Prosecutor at whose Instance Execution issued, to sue any three of the said Heritors they or he may judge proper, for Payment of the said Fine, or Remainder of Fine, and Charges attending the fame; and the Heritors making Payment shall have' Recottrfe and Relief against all the other Heritors in the said Parish, and each of the said Heritors shall pay according to the Proportions, and in the same Method, as that by which the Stipend of the Minister is levied and paid; providing also, that the Person who holds the Execution or Diligence against the said Effects, and is in titled to levy the said Fine, may bring his Action, and is to have Execution against any three of the said Heritors, jointly or severally, for Payment of the Sums due; and upoo Payment thereof, the said Heritors shall have Recourse against the other Heritors of the Parife (of their respective Proportions of the said Sum; and the said Heritors, upon Payment, shall have Adiorr against the Person and Property of the principal Offender; which Offender, upon suffering himself to be imprisoned therefore, shall not be entitled to the Benefit of Ccjfto Bcnorum, neither shall the Burghs be at Liberty to discharge the said Person or Persons, in virtue of the Act of the Parliament of Scotland, commonly called The Act of Grace, or any other Privilege of the Law, but the said Persons shall sufferlm-prisonment as fraudulent Offenders against, and Debitors to, his Majesty's Revenue; as also providing that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, by the Tenor of the Licences to be by them granted, to reftnd the Person or Persons, Receivers of the same, to reside in such particular Places of the said Counties, Places, or Districts, as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper for answering the Purposes hereby intended, the said Places being always at the Distance of ten Miles (According to the Computation of the Country), at the lead. from any entered or exciseable Distillery; and the Persons so licensfd by them shall be obliged, ten Days before the Expiration of the current Commission, to renew the same, and to pay the Monies respectively due therefore; providing, that in case the Persons so authorised shall neglect to take out new Commissions as is hereby directed, and continue notwithstanding to distill Spirits, such Persons shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall not be capable of being again licensed, and the Commissioners shall authorise other Persons in their Places; providing also, that in the Caies where new Commissions shall be issued to other Persons, upon Account of the Neglect of the Distiller formerly licensed, such Person, if alive, or, if dcceafod, his Heirs, Executors, or other Representatives, shall be obliged to deliver up the Still and other Implements belonging thereto, to the Excise Officer of the District, upon Payment of the Value thereof, to be determined by any two 3 of

e

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. SSS

of the neared Justices of the Peace, resident at the Time, one to be named by the Officer, and the

other by the far'd Person or his Representatives; and, upon the Delay or Refusal 6f such Delivery or Nomination of a Justice, it shall be lawful for the Officer to seize upon the said Still and Implements, and to have the same valued by any two Justices of Peace in the Bounds, and to consign the Value thereof in the Hands of the Sheriff Clerk, or the Clerk of the Peace of the County,’to be by them made forthcoming to ti e Persons having Right, at their own Risk; and the said Still and Implements are to be at the I'iposal of the Commissioners of Excise.

XLIX. And, ft ill more effectually to answer the Purposes before exp^/Ied/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Spirits manufactured by such licensed Distiller shall be exported, or carried, or fold, out of the Bounds of the several Counties, Districts, Parishes, or Places before described; and in case any such Spirits shall be found out of the said Bounds, the same shall be, ipso faflo, forfeited, and are hereby ciredted to be seized, and treated according to the Rules of Excise in common Cases of For- ’ feiture; prr viding also, That it shall not be lawful to the said licensed Distillers to keep, have, or use more than one Stili, or to remove the same to any other Place, contrary to the Tenor or Direction of their respective Licences; as also that it shall not be lawful for such licensed Distillers to use or consume any other Grain than the Growth or Produce of the Parish or District (to be mentioned and described in the Licence to be taken out in Manner aforesaid) where he resides; neither shall it be lawful to him, her, or them, to purchase Spirits from one another; or to purchase or receive into their Stock, Spirits made by any other Persons whatever; and in case of any Offence against this Prohibition, and due Conviction thereof, the said Persons shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall goto the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety to the Informer; and further, that the said Distillers, upon such Conviction, shall lose the Benefit of his, her, or their Licences,’ and be incapable of having the same renewed, and shall also forfeit his, her, or their Si ill and Implements, the Value whereof shall be divided between the Poor of the Parish and the Informer, in the same Manner as the Penalty aforesaid; which Penalties are to be levied upon the Goods of the Distillers, and, failing of Goods sufficient for the Purpose, their Persons are to be imprisoned and detained, without the Benefit of Ccjjh Bonorum, or the Act for the Relief of the Royal Burghs, commonly called The Act 6f Grace> or other Relief whatever: Providing also. That if any such licensed Tenant, Possessor, or Taxman of Land, shall be convicted of wilfully keeping or working a Still larger, or of more Content, than is specified in his Licence, or of keeping or working two or more Stills, contrary to the foregoing Prohibition, then, and in that Case, the immediate Landlord or Proprietor of the Ground or Place upon which the said Fraud has been committed, shall be obliged to make good the Penalty or Remainder thereof, after the Sale of the Offender’s Goods in Manner before mentioned, reserving to the said Landlords due Relief against the Persons and Properties of their said offending Tenants, in the same Manner as is herein-before provided for Relief of the Heritors of Parishes against unlicensed and fraudulent Distillers within their Bounds.

Sale of the Offender*

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to the said Commissioners of Excise to withdraw all or any of the Licences granted by them at any Time they shall judge proper, or to refuse to renew or continue the fame: Providing, That if such Licences shall be withdrawn during the Currency thereof, without any Fault or Offence proven upon the Holder thereof, he, she, or they shall be intitled to be repaid of a Proportion of the Monies advanced by them, correspondent to the Time which rmy be unexpired at the Notice of such Licence being withdrawn; but the Still and Implements are, in that Case, to be given up, valued, and paid for, as above directed.

LI. And, in the last Place, for punishing the negligent, and encouraging the diligent Officers of Excise, within the Counties before described/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer shall discover and seize unlicensed Stills, or Stills kept by Persons licensed of greater Content than twenty Gallons, English Measure, or otherwise, as is before-m'entioned, when the Heads are on as aforesaid, or more than one Still in the Custody of such Person, or give Information of such Frauds, so as the Offenders may be convicted thereof, such Officer shall be intitled to a Reward of ten Pounds Sterling for every Still so seized, or Information given, to be paid him with the next Salary due, and the Sum of five Pounds shall be deducted out of the Salary of the Officer who did Duty for three Months in the said District preceding, and in whole Time the said Frauds were committed, and allowed to remain undiscovered.

LII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Loid High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, immediately after the passing this Act, direct the Commissioners for managing his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, to cause to be made up an Account of the net Produce of the several and respective Duties of Excise repealed by this Act for seven Years, ended the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-ihree, with a Medium taken of the same; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or nwc of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue their Warrant to the said Commissioners of Excise, directing and requiring them to cause their proper Officers to distribute and apportion the Monies which shall be paid to the Receiver General of Excise, for we Duties granted by this Act, in the following Proportions; that is to say, As the annual Medium of each District and respective Duty hereby repealed, separately computed on the Average of seven Years as aforesaid, is to the Total of the Income of all the Duties hereby repealed, computed on the same Average of seven Years as aforesaid, so shall the Sum, which shall be applied in each Week for each separate and jhilinft Duty of Excise by this Act repealed, be to the total Produce in the same Week of the Duties hereby granted; and the said Receiver General is hereby authorised, directed, and required, to pay the ttspective Sums that will arise, according to the Proportions be tjdtcn as aforesaid, into the Receipt V«..XIV. Partly. 4C of

Ko Spirit! tna-

iiutafluied by ii-cen'ei Of (tiller* to be carried out of U.e fiidi Bounds.

Wo licensed Distiller to keep more than one Still, or to remove the fame. Sec.

nor to purchase Spirit* made bjr any other Person,

on Penalty of loot.

If any such ft* censed Tenant shall be confided of keeping a Still larger than ia specified ia hit Licence, Sec. the Landlord of the Ground shall make good the Penalty, afiei Goods, Sec.

Commissioneii may withdraw Licences at their Discretion.

Officer* d ▼ering uni Still*, ori greater C< than to C dec. intitli Reweid c

Treasury to of-der Commissionera of Excise to make up an Account of the Pro. cuce of the Do* tiei hereby repealed, for fevee Year*, with Medium thereof*

Monies to be paid to the Receiver Genera), by virtue of this A6>, how to Ilf

distiifc>uU<k

Sess. 2.

556

Auditor of the Exchequer, &c. to kerp the said S»mi ap<«rt from all other Duties, and to apply them in like Manner as the repealed Outlet. Treasury impow-fcied ta agree with Arthur Forte* upon a Compensation to be made him for an Exemption from the Dutict of Excise within certain Lands, at preterit enjoyed by him. 1 If any Agreement Hull be made for such Compensation, the same shall be paid by the Com-jniftioners of Excise in Scotland; Butin case the; Parties cannot agree, the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, upon Application to be made after Jan. », 1785, may direct to be tried by a Special Jury, at the Bar of their Court, &c. the Amount of the Compenf*-t on which ought to be made by the Cro*n in Discharge of the said Exemption 1

And after Payment thereof, tire said Arthur Forbts, his Heir*', &c. shall

Recital of 19 Geo. 3. Cap.

20 Geo. 3. 35 i

If Geo. 3s

Cv, *7 s

C. 46. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be issued and applied to the several Funds, in order to make good the fevetal and respective Charges, which the said repealed Duties were directed by the several A<9s of Parliament for granting or continuing the same, are directed to be carried and applied; and the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and all other Officers and Persons concerned in the issuing or applying the said Duties, are hereby directed and required to keep the said proportional Sums diltinfik and apart from all other Duties and Revenues, and to distribute, issue, and apply the same to the respective Funds, and to satisfy the several Charges to which the Duties hereby repealed were applicable, together with kll Arrears of the said repealed Duties, in the same Manner as those Duties have heretofore been issued and applied.

LIII. And whereas Arthur Forbes of Culloion, in the County of Inverness, Esquire, is possessed of an Exemption from the Duties of Excise forth of or growing due within the Lands of Ferintojb, in the said County, under a certain Lease, Sett, or Farm thereof, which was allowed by several Acts and Declarations of the Parliament of Scotland before the Union; which Exemption hath been found highly detrimental to the Revenue of Excise, and prejudicial to the Distillery in other Parts of Scotland, and it is therefore become necessary that the same should be extinguished and made void, upon a suitable Compensation to be made for the same to the Proprietor of the said Lands \ be it enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to treat, contract, and agree with the said Arthur Forbes upon the Amount of the Compensation to be made in Lieu and Discharge of the Exemption so claimed, and at present enjoyed by him; and that, if the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and the said Arthur Forbes, his Heirs or Assigns, shall come to any Agreement for any such Compensation, the same shall be paid by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, out of the Revenues of Excise under their Collection and Management, unto the said Arthur Forbes, his Heirs or Assigns, in such Manner and Form as the said Lords Commissioners shall, in and by any Contrail or Agreement, or any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, order and direct; and the said Commissioners of Excise are hereby required to make such Payment accordingly; and that if the said Lords Commissioners shall not be able to agree with the said Arthur Forbes, his Heirs or Assigns, in respect to the Amount of such Compensation, then, and in that Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, upon any ApplU cation to be made to the said Court after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, by Motion on the Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or by any Motion or Petition by or on Behalf of the said Arthur Forbes, his Heirs or Assigns, to award and dire# to be tried at the Bar of the said Court, by a Special Jury of the City and County of Edinburgh, to be impannelled and fwora for that especial Purpose, or to award any Special Commission forth of the said Court of Exchequer for making an Inquest, by a Jury of lawful Men of the same City and County to be impannelled and sworn, the Quantum or Amount of the Compensation or Satisfaction which ought to be made and paid by the Crown, in Lieu and Discharge of the said Lease, Sett, or Exemption, Regard being had to its Circum-r Ranees, Duration, and Extent, as proved before the said Inquest; and that, from and after the Payment to the said Arthur Forbes, his Heirs or Assigns, of the said Compensation to be paid as aforesaid, the said Arthur Forbes, or those claiming under him, and the Heritors, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Inhabitants of the said Lands, shall, at all Times thereafter, pay such and the same Duties of Excise now existing, and hereafter to be imposed, as any other Person or Persons, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are and shall be liable to pay; and that all Acts of Parliament now in being, or hereafter to be made, for raising, levying, and securing the Duties of Excise in other Parts of Scotland, and for punishing Frauds and Abuses in relation thereto, shall from thenceforth be in full Force and Effect with respect to the said Arthur Forbes, his Heirs and Assigns, or the Heritors, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Inhabitants of the said Lands of Ferintcjb.

p.iy such Dut es 0i Excise as other Persons in Scotland.

LIV. And whereas, by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Cu/loms and Excise in Great Britain, an additional Imp-rft or Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Sub- fidies. Imports, and other Duties, under the Cohesion and Management of the Commissioners of thfr Customs in Great Britain, upon any Goods and Merc handizes imported into, or exported from, or carried coastwise in Great Britain; and also, an additional Duty or Charge 6f five Pounds per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impofuions, and Charges (exceDtas therein-a- ter is excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the Ma

nagement of the ref peftive Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland were granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And whereas, by another Act made in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign* intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low iVines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties', and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in,

vending, or Jelling of Coffee, ffea or Chocolate y further Rates and Duties were granted and imposed' 4 (amongst other Things) upon Spirits imported intd Great Britain from beyond the Seas, over and above- all Duties, Charges, and impoftrions by any former Act or Acts set or imposed thereon". And whereas* determined by another Act, madeii* the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, totituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon* the Produce of the several Duties* under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Retain, a further additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum was granted and imposed upon the Produce and Amount ofiall the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impofiuons, and Charges, payable to his Majesty, and colk&ed under the Management of the Commissioners

e

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46,47. 557

missioners of Excise in England and Scotland: And whereas, by another Act, made in the twenty-second

Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Pro- and Geo. j,

duce of the several Duties under the Management of the respefifae Commissioners of the Cujhnis and Excise in Cap. 66.

Great Britain, a further additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum was imposed upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Inhnd Duties, Rates, Impo/uions, and Charges (except as

therein is excepted), payable to his Majesty, and coJJeded under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient to suspend the several additional 1m- polls, Rates, and Duties, by the said several recited A<2s imposed upon Rum and other Spirits imported from the Sugar Plantations of this Kingdom in thtWeJl In dies \ be it therefore further enabled. That the several additional Rates and Duties, in and by the said raised Act of the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, granted and impoftd upon Rum and Spirits imported into Great Britain, being of the Growth, Production* and Manufadiuie of the British Sugar islands or Sugar Plantations in the JPejl Indies; and also the said several and respe<9;ve additional imports, Duties, or Charges, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, imposed or granted, in and by the aforesaid three several recited Acts of the nineteenth, the twenty-first, and the twemy-second Years oi his Majesty's Reign, upon Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture aforesaid, imported into this Kingdom; and all Penalties and Forfeitures, in respect to the said additional Imports, Duties, or Charge^thereby imposed on the Rum and Spirits aforesaid respectively, shall be, and the same are hereby suspebdbd for the Term of two Years, from the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty^four; but such Suspension shall not extend to or affeil the Arrears of any of the said additional imports. Rate ?, or Duties, now remaining due and unpaid, or to any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred in respect thereof, otherwise than is herein-afeer excepted.

sod Spirits, tnd all Penalty* in tefpeft thereof, shall be suspended for two Years, from

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all such Rum and Spirits imported into Great Britain, being of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture of thzBiiiifh Sugar Islands or Sugar Plantations in the West Indies, as shall, on the said first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, remain under his Majesty's Lock, and in the Custody of the Offi- shall remain, oa cers of Excise, for the better Security of the Inland Duties which, before the passing of this Act, would hept. i, 1784,1® have been payable thereon, and upon which Rum or Spirits the several Duties of Customs shall have been Custo^v «/ E»-

{aid, according to the Rates and Duties set and imposed thereon before the passing of this Act, the several '^Officer#, to nland Duties unddr the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, which are by this Act suspended, the ^owietor* shall be, and they are hereby remitted to the Proprietors of such Rum or Spirits respectively, and they thereof/ are hereby discharged from the Payment thereof 5 and that the said Commissioners of Excise shall, as soon as conveniently may be, after the said first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, certify to the said Commissioners of the Customs the Number of Gallons of such Rum or Spirits which, on the said first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, so remained in the Custody of the Officers of Excise, and by whom the same was imported, distinguishing the Quantity imported by each Person; whereupon, and upon the Application of such Importers, the said Commissioners of the Customs shall cause to be repaid to such Importers respectively, so much of the said Duties of Customs by them respectively paid thereupon, as are by this Act suspended.

The additional Duties b* recited Act 20 Geo. d <miJ upon Rum and Spirits imported into Gre.it fiii-tain, the Produce of the British

Sugar Jflandi j

ano tnc ouaition* al Impost.i of 5 per Cent, pranced by the recited Act of 19, 21 and 22 Geo. 3,

If turn such Ruin Sept. 1, 1784. The Dutiea on iUm, A c. suspended determined by thj*

Aft, for such at

The Number of Gallons to be certified to the Commifll inert of the Customs j

who ate to repay to the Importer* so much of the Customs as are be; cby (uff ended*

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws heretofore made, and now in Force, to prevent the clandestine Importa-

tion and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, into this Kingdom, have not been sufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, that pernicious Practice having of late been greatly increased, and carried on by large armed Vessels at Sea, and by

numerous Gangs of Smugglers upon Land, with great Violence, in Defiance of those Laws, to the great Loss and Prejudice of the Publick Revenue, the Detriment of the fair Trader, and the endangering the

Lives of the Officers of the Revenue acting in the due Execution of their Duty; and it is highly necessary and expedient that some further Provision should be made more effectually to prevent those destructive and growing Evils j’ for Remedy whereof, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and jafter the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any Ship or Vessel shall be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, or shall be discovered to have *>een within the said Limits or Distance (and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather persuing, unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather, of which Nccelfity and Distress Ihe Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice, and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of any Port within -

Limits of which such Shi* or Vessel shall be found, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or t.viogon board Vessel within the Limits of such Port), having on board any Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, in any a.ny *0,ei*" £P«-.k "ci or Cif!c wh«ch shall not contain sixty Gallons at the lead (except only for the Use of the Seamen "hichth.il not Juen belonging to and onboard such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman), or contain 60 GaU on. board any Wine in Casks (provided such Ship or VesscT having Wine on board shall not ex- Ion*, or any «ew sixty Tons Burthen), or having on board six Pounds Weight of Tea, or twenty Pounds Weight of ^in« u»

4C Coffee,

From Oct. t, 1784, if anf Vt-fle: shall be found at Anchort or hovcnit^ <kx l he Coafis (xa-|ffu by Dill ref* of Weather),

&c.

gle

558

ruch Vessel, with id Cargo, shall be forfeited.

I. any Suit for Forfeiture, Evidence may be received to /how, from the fnoall Quantity of the Good?, &c. that they were on board without the Privity of the Owner or Mailer s And on Troof thereof, such Vessel shall not be forfeited, if of more than 100 Tons Burthen. Such Good* found on board to be forfeited, dec.

Certain Ve/Trl*, herein described, to be forfeited.

Not to prevent any Vessel from having on board necessary Arms. Not to extend to Vessel* which may arrive from Rufina before Dec. x, 1784.

Other Vessels to which this Act tu^l not extend.

Ko f e* to b« taken for Licence*.

Owneri of lice/) fed Vesseli to bring their Li* fences to the proper Officer at the Poet of £x-poitition, &c,

C. 47. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Se/T, 2.

Coffee, or having on board any Goods whatsoever liable to Forfeiture, by any Act of Parliament, upon being imported into Great Britain^ then not only all such Goods, but also the Ship or Vessel on board which they shall be found, as aforesaid, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Appaiel, shall be forfeited.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this or any former Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent Evidence from being received, in any Suit or Information brought for the Forfeiture of any Vessel, for or on Account of any Goo is contained therein, in order to shew, from the Smallness of the Quantity of the Lid Goods, and other Circumstances of the Case, that the said Goods were on board such Ship or Vessel without the Knowledge and Privity either of the Owner, or of the Mailer, or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, and without %any wilful Neglect or Want of reasonable Care in the Discharge of the Duty of such 0>vner, Matter, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Veil'd; and in every such Case, where Proof shall be made, from the Smallness of the Quantity of the said Goods, and other Circumstances, that such small Quantity was on board without the Knowledge, Privity, or Confcnr, either of the Owner, or the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, and without any wilful Neglect or Want of reasonable Care, either in the Owner, or in the Matter, or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, then, tfhdin every such Case, such Ship or Vessel (in case the same (hdl exceed one hundred Tons in Burthen) fllkll’flot be forfeited for or on account of such small Quantity of Goods.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any such Goods, which shall be so found on board any Ship or Vessel within the Limits or Distance aforesaid, whether with or without the Privity or Knowledge of the Matter thereof, shall be forfeited; and the Person or Persons in whose Charge or Possession the said Goods shall be found, shall forfeit! xeble the Value thereof, to be recovered as herein after directed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vessels belonging, in the Whole or in Part, to any of his Majesty's Subjects, called Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, or IP berries (of what Built soever), and all Vessels belonging as aforesaid, of any other Description, whose Bottoms are Clench Work, unless they shall be square rigged, or fitted as Sloops with (landing Boltfprits; and all Vessels belonging as aforesaid, the Length of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of three Feet and an Half to one Foot in Breadth; and all Ships or Vessels belonging as aforesaid, armed for Resistance (otherwise than is herein after excepted,) which shall, after the said first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be found within the Limits or Distance herein-before described, shall be forfeited, together with all the Goods, if any, which shall be laden thereon, and all her Guns, Tackle, and Furniture.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Ship or Vessel from having on board two Carriage Guns, of the Calibre not exceeding four Pounds, and small Arms, not exceeding two Muskets for every ten Men.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any Ship or Vessel which shall, on or before the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, arrive in Great Britain, from any of the Dominions of the Empress of Russia, for or on account of the Built of such Ship or Vessel, or for having on board Arms or Ammunition.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel on a Voyage from any Part of America, or the East or West Indies, or Africa, or the Mediterranean, so as to subject the same to Forfeiture, for or on account of her Built, or for having Spirits, Tea, or Coffee on board, or for having on board Arms or Ammunition 5 nor to any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty's Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, Customs, Excise, or Port Office, for or on account of her Built, or for having on board Arms or Ammunition; nor to any Vessel whatsoever, the Owner of which shall have a Licence, las herein after described and directed, for navigating the same, from the Loid High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, or any Person authorised by them to grant the same, for or on account of her Built, or for having on board such Arms or Ammunition as (he shall or may be licensed to have, as herein after mentioned; nor to any Lighters or Barges, tifed solely in Rivers or inland Navigations; nor to any Ships or Vessels which shall have on board any Arms or Ammunition which have been regularly entered and cleared at any Custom-house in anyt)f his Majesty's Dominions, as Merchandize, or for the Use of his Majesty's Stores or Garrisons, and are regularly (lowed in the Hold of such Vessels, or are put on board for the necessary Use and Defence of such Vessels, by Licence from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, for or on account of such Arms and Ammunition; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, shall be demanded or received for any Licence granted in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, or for registering the same.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner of every Ship or Vessel which shall be licensed as herein-before mentioned, shall, before such Ship or Vessel proceeds to Sea, or fails out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek in this Kingdom, bring such Licence, or cause the same to be brought, to the Collector, Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs for the Port, Harbour, or Creek, from which such Ship or Vessel is about to fail; which said Collector, Comptroller, or other proper Officer, is hereby required duly to register the same, and shall also produce the same to the Collector, Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs of any and every Por^ Harbour, or Creek, at which he shall arrive.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47r

X. And be it further enacted, That each and every Licence shall specify the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, and defcnbe whether (he is a Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, or Wherry, or what Sort of Built (he is, and who is or are the Owner or Owners thereof, and for what Port, Harbour, or Creek, (be is about to fail, and what Quantity and Number, and what Sort of Arms and Ammunition (he is licensed to take and have on board; and the Owner and Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall also give sufficient Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of such Ship or Vessel, to be approved of by and to the Satisfaction of such Collector, Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs; with Condition that the said Ship or Vessel shall not be employed in the Importation or landing of any Tea or foreign Spirituous Liquors, or any prohibited or other Goods, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this or any other Act, or in the Exportation of any Goods which are or may be prohibited to be exported from this Kingdom, or in the relanding of any Goods whatsoever, contrary to Law, which are entered outwards for Exportation, for any Drawback or Bounty, or which are or may be prohibited to be used or worn in Great Britain, on Failure whereof, such Licence shall be void and of no Force or Effect; and such Ship or Vessel shall be liable to Seizure and Prosecution, in the same Manner as if no such Licence had been granted.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any Person or Persons upon the Shore, or on board any Ship, VdTel, or Boat, shall maliciously (hoot at or upon any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging to his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, within the Limits of any Port, Harbour, or Creek of Great Britain, or within four Leagues from any Part of the Coast thereof; or if any Person or Persons, being on Shore, or on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall maliciously, lhoot at, maim, or dangerously wound any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Navy, or of the Customs or Excise, whether attempting to go on board, or being on board, or returning from on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or otherwise acting in the due Execution of his or their Duty on Shore, or within the Limits of any Poit, Harbour, or Creek of Great Britain, or within four Leagues of any Part of the Coast thereof; or shall maliciously (hoot at, maim, or dangerously wound, any Person or Persons aiding and aflifling such Officer or Officers in the Execution of his or their Duty as aforesaid; then every Person so offending, and ail and every Person being aiding, abetting, or affitling the rein, shall, being thereof lawfully convicted, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon* without Benefit of. Clergy.

XII. And, for the more easy and speedy bringing the Offenders against this A cl to Justice,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be charged with being guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, made Felony by this Act, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Court of King’s Bench, if the Offence be committed in England or Wales, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof; or before any one of the Lords of Judiciary, or the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or any Judge Ordinary, or Judge Admiral, Deputy, or Substitute, in Scotland, if the Of-, fence be committed within Scotland, or within the Limits of any Port of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, by Information of one or more credible Person or Persons, upon Oath, by him or them to be subscribed; such Justice of the Peace, or Justice of the King’s Bench, or any Lord of Justiciaty, or Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, of Judge Ordinary, or Judge Admiral, Deputy, or Substitute respectively, before whom such Information shall be made as aforesaid, shall forthwith certify, under his Hand and Seal, and return such Information to one of the Principal Secretaries of State of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; who is hereby required to lay the same, as soon as conveniently may be, before his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in his or their Pfivy Council; whereupon it mall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to make his or their Order in his or their said Privy Council, thereby requiring and commanding such Offender or Offenders to surrender him or themselves, within the Space of forty Days after the first Publication thereof in the London Gazette, to the Lord Chief Justice, or any other of his Majesty's Justices of the Ccurt of King’s Bench, or to any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, if the Offence be committed within England or Wales, or within the Lin.its of any of the Ports thereof, or within four Leagues of the Coift thereof; or to any of the Lords of Judiciary, or Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or Judge Ordinary, or Judge Admiral, Deputy, or Substitute, in Scotland, if the Offence be committed within Scotland, or within the Limits of any Port of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof; who is hereby required, upon such Offender or Offenders surrendering him or themselves, to commit him or them, without Bail or Mainprize, to the County Gaol, or to the Gaol or Prison of the Place where he or they Anil so surrender, to the end that he or they may be forthcoming to answer the Offence or Offences, wherewith he or they shall Hand charged, according to due Course of Law; which Order the Clerks of his Majesty's Privy Council shall cause to be forthwith printed and published in two successive London Gazettes, and to be forthwith transmitted to the Sheriff of the County where the Offence shall be committed, iffthe fame shall be committed in any County;

if. the Offence shall not be committed within any County, but within the Lim ts of any Port as aforesaid, or within four Leagues of the Coast of any Part of Great Britain, to be transmitted to the Sheriff of any County near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed> which respective Sheriff within fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof, cause the same to be proclaimed, w iihin the Hours °fTen in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, in the Market Place?,.upon th^ cefpc£i.ive Market Days Market Towns in the same County in which, or near to the Place where, such OftVrice shall have been committed; and a true Copy of such Ord?r shall be affixed upon forne publick Place in such. Market Towns: And in case such Offender or Offenders, shall not surrender himself or themselves i^suant to such Order of his Majesty, his Heirs or Speceffots, to be made fn Council as aforesaid, he or

6 the> *.

\ J

559

Particular* to W specified in the Licence*

Ownen to give-Security to his Majesty* that thr Ship shall not be employed in the Importation or landing of Tea, or foreign Spirit!, oraDf prohibited Goods, fee*

From QQ* r, 1784! if any Person shall maliciously (hoot at any Ship belonging to the Navy, &c. or lhoot at, or dangerously wound; ony Officer of th e Navy, Customs, or Excise, when acting in the Execution of his Duty, he shall suffer

1 Death aa a Felon.

If any Person for

charged with any Oft cnee made Felony by this ‘ Act, before a Justice, or Judge of the Court of King’s Bench, if in England, or befo.e one of the Lords of Justiciary, *ct it in Scotland, by Information of one credible Person upon Oath, such Justice or Toage shall certify and return such Information to one of the Seeretariet -of State, to be laid before his Majesty in Coun*

cil 5 who may

order the Offender to surrender himself to such

Judge'or Just fee

Or Lord yt Justiciary, *c who shall commit him.

Orderin.Coun* cil to be published in trie Ga-*e*te, and tranf* milted to the Sheriffs, tett who shall proclaim the lame^ m two Market, Townai.

Offenders nqg fui rendering

560

themselves, to suffer Death as Fclo.u, &c.

Cnirt of King's Bench, 5c. to Award Etccution-against such Offenders in like Manner as if they had bren convicted in the said Court,

Any Person harbouring such Offenders after the Time appointed for their Surrender, and being prosecuted within a Year after, shall, on Conviction, be guilty of Felony, and be transported for ievea Years.

Not to prevent any Judge, Justice, Set. from apprehending such Offenders by the ordioary Course of Law.

Person* obstruct-

ing Officers of the Navy, See. in the Execution oi their Duty,

m%y be carrie-I b;torc a Jutficr,

who tray com* mil them.

P -rulry onCon-

v.clit- n,

1 u Geo. 3. Cap. 74*

pffotii charged *jrh oortruft'ng Offices, whole

witblfl tht Pro-

C. 47. Anno vicesimo quarto Georg 11 111. Sess.

they, so neglecting or refusing to surrender himself or themselves as aforesaid, Or escaping after such Surrender, shall, from the Day appointed for his or their Surrender as aforesaid, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted and attainted of Felony, and shall suffer Pains of Death as in Cases of a Person convicted and attainted by Verdict and Judgement of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, if the Offence be charged to have been committed within England or Wales, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thaeof, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof; and shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted of a capital Crime, and shall suffer the Pains of Death, and Con-filcation of Moveables, as in Case of a Person found guilty of a capital Crime, and under Sentence for the same, if the Offence be charged to have been committed within Scotland, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof; and that it shall be lawful to and for the Court of King’s Bench, or the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions for the County or Place where such Person shall be, to award Execution against such Offender or Offenders, in such Manner as if he or t iey had been convicted and attainted in the said Court of King’s Bench, or before such Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions respectively, if the Offence be charged to have been committed within England ot Wales, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof; and that it shall be lawful for the Court of Judiciary, or the Lords of Judiciary in their Circuits, or the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, to award Execution against such Offender and Offenders, in such Manner as if he or they had been found guilty and condemned in the said Court of Judiciary, or in the Circuit Courts respectively, if the Offence shall be charged to have been committed within Scotland, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall, after the Time appointed as aforesaid for thb Surrender of any Person or Persons, so charged upon Oath with any of the Offences aforesaid, shall be expired, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet, or succour such Person or Persons, knowing him or them to have been so charged as aforesaid, and to have been required to surrender him or themselves by such Order or Orders as aforesaid, and not to have surrendered pursuant to such Order or Orders, being prosecuted for the same within one Year after the Offence committed, and lawfully convicted thereof, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported as a Felon or Felons for the Space of seven Years, in the same Manner as Felons are or shall be appointed to be transported by virtue of any Act or Acts already made, or hereafter to be made, touching the Transportation of Felons; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall be found at large within Great Britain before the Expiration of the said Term, without lawful Cause, he, she, or they, shall suffer Death as Felons, and have Execution awarded against him, her, or them, as Persons attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That nothing herein contained shall be construed

to prevent or hinder any Judge, Justice of the Peace, Magistrate, Officer, or Minister of Justice whatsoever, from taking, apprehending, and securing, such Offender or Offenders, against whom such Information shall be given, and for requiring whose Surrender such Order in Council shall be made as aforesaid, by the ordinary Course of Law; and in case such Offender or Offenders, against whom such Information, and for requiring whose Surrender such Order in Council shall be made as aforesaid, shall be taken and secured, in order to be brought to Justice, before the Time shall be expired within which he or they shall be required to surrender him or themselves by such Order in Council as aforesaid 5 that then, and in such Case, no further Proceeding (Kail be h id upon such Order made in Council against him or them so taken and secured as aforesaid, but he or they shall be brought to Trial by due Course of Law; any Thing hetein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, being on shore, or going on board, oY being on board, or returning from on board, any Ship, Boat, or Vessel, within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues from the Coasts thereof, shall be hindered, opposed, obstructed, tar assaulted, in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty by any Person or Persons whatsoever, either in the Day-time or Nu;ht; all and every Person or Persons so hindering, opposing, obstructing or assaulting, the said Officer o; Officers in the due Execution of his or their Duty, and all such as (hai act in his or their Aid or Affiliance, shall and may be carried and conveyed before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed; and such Justice or Justices shall, it he or they fee Cause, commit such Person or Persons to the next County Gaol, there to remain until the n^xt Court of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session, or Gaol Delivery, or until such Person shall he delivered by due Course of Lawj and in case an Indictment (half be found against him or them, he or they (hdii plead thereto, without having Time to traverse the same, as is usual in Cases of Misdemeanors; and being duly convicted thereof, shall, by Order of the said Court before whom for 1^ Offender-Avall be convicted, be sentenced to hard Labour on the River Thames, or other Navigable River in tha: Part of Great Britain called England, for any Term not exceeding three Years, according to the Directions of an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to toe Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of certain Offenders, and as is by the said Act directed for the Punishment of Persons convicted of Grand Larceny; or such Court may order such Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Term riot exceeding three Years.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person shall be brought before any Justice of the Peace, being charged with having hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, any Officer of the Navy, Customs, or Excise, contrary to this Act, and it shall appear that the Offence with which foert Person is charged falls within the Provisions of an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of his Majestys

A.D. 17#4. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47, 5J61

land and Walca^ wh-re to b« tried.

Dirrftions relaw tive to Offence* committed ia Scotland*

Reign, intituled, An Act for thee more efcttually preventing the pernicious Prafiices of Smuggling in this *iGons of t? Kingdom; and for indemnifying Persons who have, been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Geo. 3» C*P Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned; it shall and may bp lawful for such Justice, if he thinks fit, in- ^unnh^cit stead of proceeding against such Offender, according to the Provisions of this Act, to commit such Of- QuakerSeffiwi* fender to the County Gaol until the next Quarter Seffx>ns of the Peace; and in that Case every such &c.

Offender shall be tried and punished as by the said last recited Act is tiirested, and not otherwise.

XVII. And, for the speedy and impartial Trial of any Offence, which by this Act is declared to be 4 a Felony or MisdemeanoiV be it enacted, That every such Offence, in case the same shall be committed OiT-nte* corw.

, within England\ Wales y or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed\ or within the Limits of any of the Ports rnirtcrt ,n E°3 thereof, or within four Leagues of any Part of the Coasts thereof, shall and may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined, before any Court or Courts of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session, cr Gaol Delivery, in any County within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Dominion of ITales^ in such Manner as if the Fad had been actually committed Within such County; any Law, Usage, os Custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in case any Offence, which by this Act is declared to be a Felony or

Misdeameanor, shall happen to be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or within the Limits of any Port thereof, or within four Leagues of the Coasts of the same. Information of such Offence may be given to any Justice of Peace, Judge Ordinary, or Judge Admiral, Depute or Substitute* residing nearest the Place where such Offence may have been committed; who, if he shall see Cause, may and shall grant a Warrant for committing the Person or Persons complained of to the common Gaol of the County, City, Borough, or Place, there to lie until he is liberated in ducCourse of Law; and such Person or Persons shall and may be tried before the Court of Judiciary or Circuit Courts, or before the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty at Edinburgh \ or in case the Offence be only such as is punishable by hard Labour or Imprisonment, the same may be tried before the Judge Ordinary of the County or Place where the Warrant was granted.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall, by virtue of this present Act, be arrested and taken before any one of his Majest/s Justices of the Peace, for any Offence against this Act deemed a Misdemeanor, such Person or Persons, shall in no Case be admitted to Bail, unless he shall first enter into a Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and the said Sureties in one hundred Pounds each, with Condition that such Person or Persons shall appear at the then next ensuing Court of Oyer and Terminer, General Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, to be holden for such County for which the Justice before whom he shall be brought shall act, and answer and plead to any Indictment which may be found at or before such Court for such Misdemeanor; and such Recognizance shall forthwith be trani-mitted to the Clerk of Assize, or other proper Officer of the Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, for such County as aforesaid,

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any such Misdemeanor is committed in Scotland or within the Limits of any Port thereof, or within four Leagues of the Coasts of the same, the Person or Persons accused thereof, and taken before any Justice of the Peace, or other Judge competent in Scotland, shall not be admitted to Bail, unless he enter into a Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and the said Sureties in one hundred Pounds each, with Condition that he shall (land Trial, in the Way and Manner directed by this Act, and according to the Forms practised in that Part of the Kingdom.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Officer or Seaman, employed in the Service of the Customs and Excise, shall be killed, maimed, or wounded, in the due Execution of his Office as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs and Excise respectively, to make such Provision for the Officers and Seamen so maimed and wounded, or for the Widows and Families of such as shall be killed, as they shall be authorised and impowered to do, by Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury

v v Time bc,n§*

u, I- And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Ma-

*n England and Scotland respectively, to reward every such Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Navy, Customs, or Excise, or Peace Officer, who shaft arrest or take any Offender or Offenders Jgamft this Act, with such Sum or Sums of Money, as to the said Commissioners respectively shall appear wing and reasonable, out of his Majesty's Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of any Goods which

been, or may be seized and condemned.

Persont taken

betcrc a J,unicer for a Miioe-rr.eanor. not to b- admited to Bad, without entering into Recognizance for their Appearance,

N"o Person accused of a MifC demeanor in Scotland, to be admitted to Baily unless he enter irto a Recognizance to stand Trial.

Officers and Seamen wounded in the Service of the Customs and Excise, to be provided for, &c*

V it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in

lable to Seizure or Examination by this or any other Act of Parliament in Fc

tang required so to

case any Ship or VefiH, Force, shall not bring to,

the proper

do, ot being chiced by any Cutter or other Vessel in the Service of his Majesty's fc'in8 ">> w :r Pendant and Ensign of his Majesty's Ships hoisted, or in the Service of his p,,c'dr ,7'

a Pendant and rvico of thb Re-

Commissioner*

of Customs to reward Offji. cers who fhili take Offender* against this Act*

If suspefledVcffels shall not *h?a any Cutter in the Service of tee Navy, having the proper Pendant hoifler*, the Commander may shoot into* them;

Majesty's Revenue of the Customs or Excise, such Cutter or other Revenue Vessel having

fcnhgn hoisted with such Marks thereon as are now used and worn by Vessels in the Serv ____

»et>ues of Customs and Excise, in a Blue Field, it shall and may be lawful for the Captain (rr Mailer,

& other Person having the Charge or Command of such Cutter or other Vessel, in the Service of his ^‘jesty’s Navy, Customs, or Excise, to shoot at or into such Ship or Vessel which shall not bring to,

"ter such Colours shall be so hoisted as aforesaid, and a Gun (ImII have been ffted by such Cutter or v«ffel as a Signal; and such Captain or other Officer, and every Person arfting in his Aid and A fli fiance, his Dlre£lion, shall be, and is hereby indemnified and discharged from any Penalties or Actions for nkTi* doing: And in case any Person or Persons shall be wounded, maimed, or killed, by and if he-1

01 by Means of such firing, and the said Officer or Officers, dr other Person a£Ung in his or their Aid or fccuud ia

i, Afiiihnce^. 1

" be pro* I in conio*

6*

quence thereof,

be ami his Aiders shall be admitted to Bail.

Vessels not in the Service of the Kavy,c>rCufloms or Excise, not to hoist such Pen dant, cn PejuJty of 5001.

From 0£f. 1. 1784, the Penalties and Rtftiic-tions in an Act 8-C»eo.i, and in 19 Geo. 3. Cap. fqt relating to certain Boats, Jkc. extended to other Boats, &c.

Maftm of Vessels arriving at any Port, &c. in this Kingdom, or going outwards in Ballast, {hi 11 make a true Report of their Vessels, and an-{wfr Qnc/fions relative to the Voyage, &c. put to them by the proper Officer j on Penalty of 200 )«

Wine imported in any Vessel not excreding 60 Ton* Burthen, shall befortVited,

M^also lbeVeild.

Coods reported, Contents un-« known,' may be opened, dec.

and if n prohibited Gocds ore contained therein, they shall be foileiied, &c.

C. 47.

Anno vicesimo quarto

Assistance, or by his or their Direction, shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, or shall be brought before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or other Justices or Persons having competent Authority, for or on account of such wounding, maiming, or killing, as aforesaid; all and every such Justice or Justices, Person or Persons, is and are hereby authorised and impowered, enjoined and requited, to admit every such Officer anti Officers, Person and Persons, so brought before him or them as aforesaid, to Bail; any Law, TJl'ave, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding

XXIV. And it is hen. by further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Briti/J) Ship or Vessel, not being in the Service effi his Majesty's Navy, or his Majesty's Revenue of the Customs or Excise, shall carry or hoijl any such Pendant or Ensign as is here in-before mentioned, the Matter or Person having the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XXV. And it is hereby further ducted by the Authority aforesaid, hat, fre m and after the said first Day of Cthler^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several Clrufcs, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Restrictions in an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty K»ng GV.v/v tl*e First, and in another Act made in the nineteenth Year of his prefir,t iVBjtlly’s Reign, for the mere ejf'u9.\ul preventing the pet niehus PraBiccs Smuggling, so far as they relate to Roars, Wherrits, Pinnaces, Bargts, Gallies, or other V» Pels, itwirg or built to rew with more than fous or fix Oars respectively, shall extend to all Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges, Gallies, and other Vessels, which fl ail exceed twenty-eight Feet in Length, from the Forepart of the Stem to the Afterfide of the Stern-post aloft, and the Length of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of three Feet and an Half to one Foot in Breadth; subject nevcitfulefi to the several Provisoes and Exceptions in the said ucited Acts particularly mentioned,’ and not altered by this Act.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Oficbir^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the Master of every Ship or Vessel, arriving at any Port, Haibcur, or Creek in this Kingdom, or going outwards from any Port, Harbour, or Creek in this Kingdom, in Ballad, shall, if called upon by the Celled! or or’Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs, make a just and true Report of such Ship or Vessel, both inwards and outwards, and answer upon Oath to such Questions relative to the Voyage and Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, as (trail be put to him by the Collector, Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Custorm, at the Port, Harbour, or Creek, where he shall arrive, 6r fresh whence he shall depart, under the Penalty of forfeiting one hundred Pounds for every Neglect, Omission, or Refusal so to do; which Oath the said Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs, is and are hereby authoristd and required to administer: Provided always, Thar no Matter, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel in Ballast, making Report as above required, shall, in lefpcft thereof, be liable to the Payment of any Fees, other than such as such Ship or Vessel was subject to pay, previous to the faffing of this Act.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fuft Day of Oftcker, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any Sort of Wine shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Cieek thereof, in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall not exceed the Burthen of sixty Tons, every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, and also all such Wine as shall be imported or brought therein, together with the Casks and Package containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and condemned and disposed of as herein-alter isdirested.

XXVIII. And whereas the Matters of Ships and Vessels trading from several foreign Parts in Europe to this Kingdom, do frequently bring great Quantities of prohibited and other Goods, which are liable to high Duties, for the Purpose of smuggling such Goods in this Kingdom, and if they are

prevented, by the Vigilance of the Officers of the Revenue, from landing such Goods, before they arrive at the Port or Place of their Discharge, such Mailers do then report the Bales and Packages of such Goods, Contents unknown, to be exported again, and carried back in the same Ship or Vessel, to

gain an Opportunity of running the same on Shore in this Kingdom, or unshipping them into Boats'

and other Vessels for that Purpose, in their Passage outwards, to the great Prejudice of the {niblick Revenue and the fair Merchants: And whereas Goods are often found on board such Ships or Vessels, of which the Matter hath not made any Report;’ for Remedy whereof, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, where the Matter of any Ship or Vessel shall report any Bales, or other Packages of any Goods, Contents unknown, for Exportation in the same Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of his Majesty's Customs to open such Bales and Packages on board such Ship or Vessel so reported, and examine the Contents thereof, or to bring them on Shore to his Majesty's Warehcufeat the Custom-house for the Port where such Report is made, if it shall be necessary, and such Officer shall be, and is hereby indemnified, and shall not be liable to any Action for so doing; and in case it shall appear on such Examination, that such Bales or Packages, the Contents of which shall have been reported unknown as aforesaid, shall contain any Goods which are prohibited to be imported, or are liable to Forfeiture up< n being imported into this Kingdom by any Law then in Force, all such Goods, and the Package thereof, shall be forfeited; and in case such Goods shall not be so prohibited, such Goods shall be chargeable with the Duties due thereon, and shall not be permitted to be exported or delivered for that Purpose before the legal Duties are regularly paid for the same, without the particular Leave ano Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, in England or Scotland respectively; and all Goods found on board any Ship or Vessel, of which no Report hath been made by the Matter as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, any Law* Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstandinjj;., J

b\

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. 363

XXIX. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, and other subsequent Acts of Parliament nowin force, the Officers of Excise are impowered to seize Tea and - < Spirits removing without Permits, and the Vessels, Boats, Horses, and other Cattle or Carriages, used in the removing thereof, contrary to the said Acts; and it is expedient that his Majesty's Officers of the Officer* of C«f-4 Customs should have the like Power be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That tohaTctht any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall have the like Power to seize and prosecute any ^e ^Jwer to Tea or Spirituous Liquors, removed or found removing contrary to the Directions of the said recited Act, sprits removir* or to any other Act now in force, and the Vessels, Boats, Horses, and other Cattle and Carriages em- without Permk£ ployed in removing the same, as is granted by the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts in force, as (hc Officer of to any Officer or Officers of Excise; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Excise*

XXX. And whereas all Horses, Boats, Cattle, or Carriages, made use of in the Removing, Carriage, or Conveyance of other Goods, contrary to the Provisions and Directions of certain other Acts of Parliament for preventing Frauds in the Revenue of Customs, in such Cases respectively made and provided, are also liable to Forfeiture; which Horses and Carriages ate sometimes of small Value,

and the Expence of keeping and maintaining such Horses from the Time of Seizure till they can be condemned by the common Course of Proceeding, is often more than they are worth, by which the

Officers are and may be discouraged fromfctnaking such Seizures, to the Prejudice of the publick Revenue;, for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Seizures of Seizure*of Horses, Cattle, Carts, Waggons, Boats, and Carriages whatsoever, for being used in the Removing, Hojfes, Botet, Carriage, or Conveyance of any Goods, or for any other Cause of Forfeiture, contrary to this or any ^"moving other Act of Parliament relating to or for preventing Frauds in the Revenue of the Customs, shall and Goods°&c. fctir may be examined into, proceeded upon, heard, adjudged, and determined, by and before any two of be determined by his Majesty's Justices of the Peace refioing near the Place where such Seizure shall be made, in such twojuflkci. Manner, and by such and the like Rules, as the Seizure of any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, liable to Forfeiture for being used in removing, carrying, or conveying of any prohibited or run Goods, may be examined into, and proceeded upon, heard, adjudged, and determined by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of any Act of Parliament in force; and such Judgements which shall be given in pursuance of this Act, are hereby declared to be taken and adjudged good, valid, and effectual in the Law, and final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and not liable to any Appeal, or any Writ or Writs of Certiorari any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And it rs hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act of Par- Part of Aa ar liament, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, or Geo. 3. Cap. 55, any other Act now in force, which enacts. That all Tea, which shall be seized and arrested by any rcPCiIed*

Officer of the Customs for any Cause of Forfeiture, in any Part of England, Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within that Part of Great Britain~cailed Scotland, shall be sent and deposited in some Warehouse or Warehouses, to be appointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland, within the City of London or Edinburgh respectively, in Order to be there publickly fold, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to cause all such Tea, so seized and condemned according to Law, to be sold publickly to the best Bidder, at such Places as they shall think proper, in the same Manner as they might have done, if the said recited Act, or any other Act requiring such Tea to be sent to London or Edinburgh for that Purpose, had not been made; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fi.ft Officer* miking Day of October, one thou find seven hundred and eighty-four, if any Officer of his Majesty's Navy, Cuf- any coiufirc toms, or Excise, shall make any collusive Seizure, or shall deliver up, or shall make any Agreement to Sc,zure» or deliver up, or not to seize any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods liable to Forfeiture by this or any other Act ^"'anng

of Parliament, or shall diie£lly or indirectly take or receive my Bribe, Gratuity, Recompence, or Goods"or Reward, for the Neglect or Non* performance of his Duty, every such Officer therein offending shall, ing any Bribe, for each and every Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving forfeit 500l. his Majesty in any Office or Employment, Civil or Military; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever *ni bc shall give, offer, or promise to give, any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward to, or make any collusive ^rid'ever Agreement with, any Officer of the Navy, Customs, or Excise, to do, conceal, or connive at, any Act r,n whereby any of the Provisions made by this or any other Act of Parliament relative to his Majesty's oiFci^ rich Customs or Excise, may be evaded or broken, every such Person or Persons shall, ffr each and every such B7be> Anil for-Offence (whether the same Offer, Proposal, Promise, or Agreement, be accepted or performed or not)* Ult5c°h forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ships, Vessels, Boats, vessels«nd

and Goods, forfeited by this Act, or by the before-mentioned Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his Goo<n for Wiea present Majesty's Reign, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; |>y 'hi, a«, or and the same, and the several Forfeitures and Penalties herein-before inflicted, shall be, one Moiety to 'm

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Officer or Officers of the Customs or fc;»rd byy Excise who shall sue and prosecute for the fame; and shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, condemned, Officer of cuC-Xecovered and applied, (except otherwise directed by this Act), in the Manner directed by an Act made in ,u3,s or E«>fe.

)Wrd Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled. A Si for the further Improvement his, Geo c*.,

Majesty's Revenue of Customs; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and f i*. 3*

"ftheclandestine Running of Goods into any Part of his Majesty's Dominions); and all such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, shall, upon Condemnation, be broken up or destroyed, or used and disposed of in the same Manner, and shall be subject to the same Rules and Restrictions, in all Respects not altered by this Act, as ohms or Vessels of the Burthen of one hundred TonS, or any Idler Burthen, are subject and liable to by Law.

56+

Condemned Vessels, if fit for bit Majesty's Service, may be sold to the OfHccri ppointed by the Admiralty! Sec,

Recitll of 23 Geo. j# Cap. 70.

Al! the RfguTi-tions in the retired Act touching Actions to be brought against Excise Officers, and their Aiders, e <tended to Officers of the Cu/lomt, See,

from Oct. f, 17S4, no Chim to be entered to any Vessel or Goods seized, and returned into the Exchequer, unless in thereat Names of the Owners or Proprietors (hereof. Oath to be made by the Owners before a Baron of the Exchequer, or by the Agent or Solicitor, as to the Property thereof.

Penalty on taking a false

Recital of 3 Geo. 3. Cap.

X2,

F'om Oct. if

1784, every CUwrant of any Vt(TVI or Goods seized (if resident in Great Bh-

C. 47. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess.

XXXIV. Provided nevertheless, in case any Ship or Vessel, liable to be broken up or destroyed, shall be necessary and fit for the Service of his Majesty in his Royal Navy, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively, if they think proper, to cause such Ship or Vessel, instead of being broken up or destroyed, to be sold to the Officers appointed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty, or Commissioners of the Navy, for that Purpose, and to direct one Moiety of the Produce of such Sale, after the Charges of Condemnation and other Charges are deduced, to be paid into the Exchequer, to the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Officer who sued and prosecuted for the same.

XXXV. And whereas, by an Act made and passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to the private Distillation of British made Spirituous Liquors; for explaining such Part of the Act, tmpoftnga Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the fujfues of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mi flake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof \ and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise aiding in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes divers Regulations are made for the more effectual preventing vexatious Suits against the Officers of Excise, and their Assistants, ailing under the Authorities and Powers to them given by the several Statutes made for securinj* the Duties of Excise and Inland Duties; which Regulations ouent to be extended to Officers of the Customs, and their Assistants, atting under the Authorities and Powers to them given by the several Statutes made for securing the Duties of the Customs be it enacted, That all and every Clause, Matter, and Regulation, in the said Act contained, touching and concerning any Action to be brought against any Officer or Officers of the Excise, or against any Person or Persons acting by his or their Order* and in his or their Aid, for any Thing done in the Execution of, or by reason of his or their Office, or any Proceeding thereupon, shall be extended to all Actions to be brought against any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or against any Person or Persons ailing by his or their Order, and in his or their Aid, for any Thing done in the Execution of, or by reason of their Offke, and to all Proceedings in every such Action, in as full and ample Manner as if the Officers of the Customs had been named and included in the said Act.

XXXVI. And whereas, upon Seizures made by Officers of the Customs and Excise, which are re- turned into the Court of Exchequer, groundless and vexatious Claims are frequently entered in fictitious Names by Persons who have not any Property in the Goods, whereby the publick Revenue and the Of- ficers making such Seizures are put to great Expence in the Prosecution and Condemnation thereof \ for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fi;ft Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Claim shall be permitted to be entered to any Ship, Vessel, or Goods, seized for any Cause of Forfeiture, and returned into his Majesty's Courts of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, unless such Claim is entered in the true and real Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Ship, Vessel, or Goods so claimed, describing the Place of the Residence, and the Business or Profession of such Person or Persons; and if such Person or Persons shall reside at London or Edinburgh, or within the Liberties thereof. Oath shall be made before one of the Barons of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively, that the Ship, Vessel, or Goods so claimed, was really and truly the Property of him, her, or them, at the Time of such Seizure \ but if such Person or Persons shall not be resident in London or Edinburgh, or the Liberties thereof, then, and in such Case, Oath shall be made, in like Manner, by the Agent or Attorney, or Solicitor by whom such Claim shall be entered, that he has full and legal Authority and Directions from such Owner or Proprietor to enter such Claim, and that, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, such Ship, Vessel, or Goods were, at the Time of the Seizure thereof, bona fide, and truly, the real Property of the Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Claim is entered; which Oath shall be respectively indorsed and certified on the Back of the Indenture of Appraisement upon which such Claim shall be entered; and on Failure thereof, the Ship, Vessel, or Goods, shall be absolutely condemned, and Judgement shall be entered thereon by Default, according to the usual Method of Proceedings of the Court, in the same Manner as if no Claim had been entered thereto; and every Person or Persons who shall be convicted of making or taking a Life Oath to any of the Fafts herein-before directed or required to be (worn, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXVII. And whereas by an Act, made in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of his Majestys Revenue of Custows; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures; and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of his Majestys Dominions), it is, amongst ofher Things, enacted, That every Person, upon Entry of any Claim in the Court where any Seizure shall be prosecuted,^ ill all be obliged to give Security in the Penalty of sixty

Pounds, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim: And whereas the Penalty of sixty Pounds, in many cases, is not sufficient to answer the Costs occffioned by such Claim, and the Persons who enter into Recognizances as the Securities for such Ccffis, are very often hired for that Purpose, and are not of Subfhmce or Ability to answer and pay the Coirs for which they are Security, and frequently abscond and are not to be found, so that no Part of the Costs can be recovered from them, to the Diminution of the publick Revenue, and the great Loss and Discouragement of Officers making such Seizures for Remedy whereof, it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, frorn and after the first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, upon the Entry of any Claim to any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, or to any Goods seized for any Cause of Forfeiture, the Person or Persons who shall enter the Claim as the Owners or Proprietors thereof (in case such Claimant shall reside in the Kingdom of Great Britain), shall be bound* with two other sufficient Securities, in the Penalty of

one

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47- 565

tain) shall be b )und, with two Sureties, in a Penalty of tool, to pay Costs; but if not red-like Manner. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and app ied.

Limitation of AftijM.

one hundred Pounds, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim; and if such Owner or Proprietor shall not reside in Great Britain, then, and in such Case, the Attorney or Solicitor, by whose Directions such Claim shall be entered, shall, in like Manner, be bound with two other sufficient Securities in the like Penalty, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

dent, his Attorney shall be bound in

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Mofety of the several Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety shall be to the Use of such Person and Persons as shall inform, prosecute, or sue for the same (except in such Cases where any other Appropriation or Distribution of the said Penalties is made by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts); and that all the same Penalties and Forfeitures shall and maybe prosecuted and sued for, and the causes and Controversies arising thereupon tried, heard, and determined in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively (except where any Provision is made to the contrary by this or any other Law or

Statute nowin force), wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance,

{ball be allowed.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give General this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by Authority of this Act > and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendant?, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XL. And whereas many Persons, having incurred heavy Penalties by reason of Offences committed against the Laws for collecting and securing the Revenue of Customs and Excise, are deterred from re- nouncing their evil Courses, through Fear of being discovered by some of their Associates, and thereby subjected to Prosecution; and other Persons are confined in Prison for Penalties and Fines set upon them in consequence of their having been convicted of such Offences, which they are unable to pay;

and many, to avoid such Penalties and Forfeitures, have withdrawn themselves into foreign Parts, and 1 Process of Outlawry may have issued against some of them: And whereas it is expedient to extend a m

Pardon and Indemnity to Persons under the aforesaid Circumstances be it therefore enacted, That no juncx^17*

Prosecution by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Action of Debt, shall be commenced for any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture, incurred by reason of any Offence committed by any Person or Persons against any of the Provisions of any Act or Acts for collecting and securing the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise, committed before the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, but that the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be wholly pardoned and released.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That as to all Penalties or Fines now due on any former Conviction, upon any of the Acts aforesaid, or which may become due in consequence of Prosecutions now carrying on, the same shall be pa^Joned and discharged, so far as regards the Share or interest of such Penalty or

Fine given to his Majesty; aivd that all Persons against whom any Process of Outlawry hath been sued out

for the Matters aforesaid, may be at Liberty to apply, by Motion, to the Court out of which such Process issued, to set aside or rever fe the same.

may apply to the proper Court to have the Process

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of this Act, if any Person, y*all, after such Claim, bring or commence, or cause to be brought or commenced, any Action, Plaint, after claiming Information, or other Prosecution whatsoever, against any Officer of his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, or other Person who shall have aided or assisted any such Officer, for or concerning any Act, Matter, or Thing, done or committed by them, or any of them, on Occafnn of, or for or by Reason or Means of any of the Offences, Frauds, Misdemeanors, or other Matters or Things intended to be released and discharged by this Act, such Claim is and shall be deemed to be an absolute Discharge and Release to such Officer or other Pet (on of and from all and every such Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions; and such Officer and other Person may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter tn Evidence; and the said Officer or other Person shall recover his Costs of Suit against the Person or Persons so bringing or commencing such Action or Prosecution.

Act, such Officer may plead the General Issue, and recover Costs

XLUt. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thft nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

Treble Cofli.

No P/ofecution to be commenced £»r anypecuniarjr Penalty incuncd by Offences against the Customs or Excise Law?, am-mitred before

indictable Offence against the Laws for the Protection of the Revenue of the d therein, for which the Offender is liable to corpaial

cotiftiued to extend, to discharge or release any Indictment, Outlawry, or other Process, for or by reason of any Felony, or other indictable Offence again" 1 c~~ D n c‘L~ "

vustoms or Excise, or of thej Officers employed iunithmnr, and not to a pecuniary Penalty only.

XLIV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained fttall extend, or be construed to extend, to oifchargeor release any Seizu-.e of any Kind of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or of Ships* Vessels, ^ooats, or other Thing whatsoever, or any Prosecution now depending for the Forfeiture of such Goods, wates, or Merchandize, Ships, Vessels, Boats, or other Thing, under any Act or Acts of Parliament now in foicej nor to acquit, release, or discharge, any Judgement or Judgements where the Monies, or

4D2 other

1 VJ

Nil Majesty* Share of all Fines due on former Convictions, discharged.

Perk ns outlawed revei fed.

this Act, shall bring an Action against any Officer of the Ni-&c. for any T fiing done ori Occifion of the Offence* intended to be rc-Irafed by tbi*

of Suit,

Not to extend

to Oftences for which the Offender is liable to corporal Pu-nifnnv m. Oihrr Matter* t. which this Act shall not extend.

c le

TVs Act not to extend to Customs doe to his Majesty for the lawful I it port-men of Mer-chjnd.xc; nor to Debts due on sundry Bonds herein mentioned i

nor to Debts relative to Debentures, &c.

Hot* to extend to Officers in the East India Company’! Scnice, Sic,

Compositions for Penalties to be made good, or the Parties ex-eluded from all Benefit of this Act.

This Act may be pleaded in Discharge of any Thing pardoned thereby.

Persons faking Benefit of this Act, w bo have commenced any

Actions against Officers of the Navy, &c. #all relctfe such Actions, and fray all Proceedings

thereom

C. 4.7. Anno vicesimo quarto G & o r gi i III. SefE a;

other Things recovered, have been actually levied or taken in Execution before the making of this Act; nor to acquit, release, or discharge, any Information which has been already entered against any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, incurred by any Offence committed by him or them against any Law now in force made for the Security of the Revenue of Customs and Excite* or any Verdict or Verdicts obtained, or Judgement or Judgements recovered thereon, in respect to such Part thereof as belongs to, or has been usually allowed and paid to the Officer of his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise (at whose Instance the Prosecution is or was carried on), according to the Mode in which such Suir or Suits hath or have been commenced and carried on; but such Information, Verdict or Verdicts, or Judgement or Judgements, shall and may be proceeded upon in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, as originally entered and proceeded upon, without any Alteration in the Proceedings upon such Information, Verdict or Verdicts, or Judgement or Judgements, for the Recovery, indue Course of Law, of such Part of the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred* as belong* to or has been usually allowed and paid to such Officer of his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise (at whose Instance the Prosecution is or was carried on), according to the iMode in which such Suit or Suits hath or have been carried on.

XLV. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to acquit, release, or discharge, any Person or Persons whatsoever from the Payment of. all Customs, Duties, and Sums of Money, due and owing to his Majesty from such Person or Persons, for or upon the lawful Importation or Entry of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes; nor to any Debts or Sums of Money due to his Majesty from any Person or Persons upon any Bond, Obligation, or other Contract or Agreement whatsoever, touching or concerning the lawful importing or landing any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or the Customs or other Duties due and payable for the fame; nor to any) Bonds given or entered into for the Exportation of any Goods from this Kingdom to foreign Parts, and to prevent the relanding of the same in this Kingdom; nor to any Bonds given for landing any Goods-coastwise within this Kingdom; nor to any Bonds or Obligations given by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, to his Majesty, or any of his Predecessors* or to any other Person or Persons for the Use of, or in Trust for his said Majesty, or his Predecessors; nor to any Debts, Dues, or Demands, due or owing to his said Majesty, for or in respect of any Sum or Sums of Money by him, or any of his Royal Predecessors, at any Time paid upon any Debenture or Debentures, Certificate or Certificates, where any such Debenture or Certificate was wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or where the same Debenture afterwards became void by any relanding of the Goods, therein mentioned, or by any other Way or Means whatsoever; nor to any other Debts, Dues, or Demands, for or in respect of the Customs, Excise, and other Duties chargeable on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, concerning which there is any Action, Information, Suit, or Prosecution now depending in any of his Majesty's Courts at Weslm'mfler^ or elsewhere.

XLVI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to acquit, release, or discharge, any Commander, Captain, or other Officer employed in the Service of the East India Company, or to any Tradesman, Manufacturer, or Shopkeeper, having a known Residence in this Kingdom, from any Penalty or Forfeiture which he may be liable to by virtue of any Law now in force for any Offence committed in the Course of the Trade or Manufacture in which he is concerned, contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament made for Security of the Revenue of Customs or Excise.

XLVII. Provided also, That all Persons who have compounded with, or agreed or offered to pay, any Sum of Money by Way of Composition or Charges to his Majesty, or to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or to the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise for the Time being, on his Majesty's Behalf, for or in respect of any of the above* mentioned Offences, or for the Forfeitures or Penalties arising thereby, shall make good such Compofnions, Agreements, and Offers, as have been by them respectively made; or in Default thereof, all and every such Persons shall be excluded and deprived of and from all Benefit and Advantage of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons may plead this Act for his or their Discharge of or for any Thing that is by virtue of this Act pardoned, discharged, or granted; or shall and may apply for such Discharge in a summary Way, by Motion, to the Court of Exchequer; which Court shall make such Order touching the Staying or Discharge of any such Suit, or of any Person imprisoned by reason thereof, as to the said Court shall seem meet.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall take, receive, or be intitled to any Benefit or Advantage by virtue of this present Act of Indemnity, either by pleading or infilling on the same in any Court of Justice, or before any of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in a summary Way, or otherwise, and who hath or shall (before he, she, or they shall claim the Benefit of this present Act) have brought, commenced, or prosecuted any Action, Plaint, or Information, Indictment, or other Prosecution whatsoever, against any Officer of his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, or against any Person or Persons who shall or may have been aiding or assisting to any such Officer, for or concerning any Matter, Cause, or Thing, done or committed by such Officer, or by any Person or Persons aiding or assisting him, on Occasion or for or by Reason or Means of any of the Offences, Trespasses, Frauds, Misdemeanors, or other Matters or Things by this Act intended to be released and discharged, shall, before such Time as he, she, or they shall be admitted to make such Plea as aforesaid, or to take any Benefit or Advantage of this Act, absolutely release and discharge such Action or Afttons, discontinue and cause to be staid all Proceedings in all and every such Informations, Indictments* and other Prosecution and Prosecutions, brought or commenced as aforesaid. 6

CAP.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii JIF.

C. 4* 5

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch and Sope.

WHEREAS the fraudulent Practice of mating Starch in unentered Places, without paying Prunble

the Duties imposed thereon by Law* has very much increased of Jate, to the great Lois of the

Revenue, and to the Injury of the fair Traders: And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Act iaAnaa> Reign of our late Sovereign Queen Anne, amongst other Things, for laying new Duties on Starch, all Cap.

Makers of Starch in Great Britain are required to give Notice in Writing, at the Office for the Duties on Starch next to the Place where such Starch shall be made, of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of every Workhouse, Storehouse, Room, and other Place by them used in and for the '

making, drying, and keeping of Starch, or of Flour, Meal, or other Materials proper to be made into Starch, under a Penalty of fifty Pounds: And whereas by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the jg Geo.

Reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Starchy every Maker of Starch is required Cap. 40*

to deliver to the Officer who surveys his Starch-house, an Account in Writing, containing as well an exact Description of every Room and Place by him made use of for the making, drying, or keeping of Starch, as also of every Vefltd or Utensil used by him for the making of Starch, before he presumes to use the same, under a Penalty of fifty Pounds: And whereas the said Penalties have been found inef- fectual, and not sufficient to prevent the fraudulent and secret making of Starch, by ill-disposed Persons in obscure Places, without paying the Duties for the same :* For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and From Sept. so, after the twentieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Maker of Starch 17*4, no Starch— within Great Britain shall erect, set up, alter, change, enlarge, or makq use of, any Workhouse, Store* maker to crest, house, Room, or other Place, for the making, drying, or keeping of Starch, or for the keeping any Flour any Workhouse oc Meal, or other Materials proper to be made into Starch, or use any Far, Trough, Kiln, Stove, Box, &c!for making* Utensil, or other Vessel, for the making of Starch, without first giving Notice in Writing thereof, and or keeping of of his or her respective Name or PHce of Abode, or unless such Notice thereof shall have been before Starch, or the given in Writing at the Office for the said Duties on Starch next to the Place where such Starch shall MateruJ*there-be made; and if any Maker of Starch within Great Britain shall erect, set up, alter, enlarge, or make use uterrfifU wi* ho«t~ of* any-Workhouse, Storehouse, Room, or other Place, for the making, drying, or keeping of Starch, or giving proper fot the keeping any Flour, Meal, or other Materials proper to be made into Starch, or shall use any Notice to the

Fit, Trough, Kiln, Stove, Box, Utensil, or otheT Vessel, for the making of Starch, without giving such next Office*.. Notice thereof, and of his or her N^me and Place of Abode as aforesaid, or without delivering to the Officer who surveys his or her Starch hous’, an Account in Writing, containing as well an exact Descrip* lion of each and every Room and Place by him or her made use of for the making, diying, or keeping of Starch, as also of each and every Vessel or Utensil by him or her made use of for the making of Starch; then, and in every such Case, the Offender therein, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of two on Penalty ofv hundred Pounds. aooJ.

II. And in order to deter Persons from assisting the Proprietors of private and unentered Starch-houses in From Sept# %Q

carrying rm their fraudulent Practices,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and 1784, Persona after the said twentieth Day of September,) one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, when any Officer or afMing inmak— Officers of Exei.e shall discover that the making of Starch is carried on in any private Workhouse, Room, jn5 Starch

or Place, whereof no such No ice as aforesaid has been given at the next Office for the Duties on Starch, Houses^tTf and shall at the same Time discover in the Workhouse, Storehouse, Room, or Place, where such private making fciT^oU ° of Starch shall be so discovered, any Person or Persons knowingly aftilting, or any ways concerned in car- '

*ying on such private making o* Staich, every such Person or Persons so discovered shall forfeit and lose the Sum of thirty Pounds, over and above all Penalties and Forfeitures that the Proprietor or Maker of such Starch shall be liable to; and it shall be lawful for the Officer and Officers of Exdie, and all other Officers mar

Persons ailing in their A d, to stop, arrest, and detain, all and every the Person and Persons so discovered arrest such Per-

in such Workhouse, Storehouse, Room, or Place, and to convey the said Person or Persons before one or f^ns> convey,

rosre Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty rdpeSively, V^ce &c

wherein such Persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices J *

lhe Peace respectively, on Confession of the Patty, or on Proof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict the Person or Persons so discovered as aforesaid*; and the Person or Persons so convkVd shall, immediately on such Conviction, pay the said Sum of thirty Pounds into the Hands of the Officer who shall have conveyed such Offender before such Justice or Just-res of the Peace, to be applied in M inner herein after directed; and on such Offender or Offenders refilling or neglecting If0fr. to pay the said Sum of thirty Pounds, the Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid Bull, by Warrant f0fe Jpay the* or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders Penalty, he rr to the House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, there *>ecommitted* to.remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of six Months, to be reckoned from the Day of such Conviction, and the Person or Persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the said Sum of thirty Pounds, or until (he Expiration of the said six Months; and in Penalty on»> case the Person or Persons so convicted shall be again discovered in any Workhouse, Storehouse, Room, foond Offing.

?r Place, where the making of Starch shall be so privately carried on, assisting, or otherwise concerned £ carrying on such private making of Surch, he, she, or they, so again offending, shall, upon the like ^onviflion, forfeit and pay, for such second Offence, the Sum of sixty Pounds, and shall be committed

568

From Sfpt. 40, 17E4, the Name of every Starch* maker to be fainted over the Px>rt or on he Front of hit Starch-house,

See,

©n Penalty of looi,

From Sept, *0, 1784, no Sraich f* eedinp 28 Found*/flu it be removed, unlc's the Word S(j>ib be legib y nrur^-ed cn the Package;

on Penalty of Forteitere thereof, With t«e Cattle and Carriages, &c. Dealers receiving more than Pounds of Starch not n.arked as aforesaid, forfeit »col,

Starch makers cbflruifaru Offi*. ctrf, to forfeit

cool.

From Sept, to, 1784, Officers m-y, by t>ay or by N.ghi, enter the H uie, Boding-h ule, &c. of any Scf -maker, and t: ke ai; Account of the Sc^e m; de, and a'k) of the Materials for to.king thereof.

Frorri 5??t. 20, I7S4,

*0 luve any Conveyance to or from any Copper or Pan, excep* one

moveab.c Pu; nor any Cock tr Hole in the S He or Curb, &c. of hi* B »ier, nor use ai»y Syphon,

on Penalty of ^coi.

Pjov fe»

From S'pt. ao, 1784, the Cover and Furnace

boor, &.c, to be

C. 48. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIIt Se/£ 2.

to the House of Correction in Manner aforesaid, there to remain for and daring the Term of one Year, or until the said Sum of sixty Pounds shall be paid.

III. And, for the further preventing the clandestine making of Starch 9 be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, every Person who shall make Starch within Great Britain shall cause to be painted in large legible Letters of at lead three Inches in Length, over the outward Door, or in some con-, fpicuous Part of the Front of his or her Starch-house, the Christian and Surname of such Starch-rmker, with the Addition of the Word Starch-maker \ and if any Person shall make Starch within Great Britain without having his or her Christian and Surname, with the Addition of the Word Starch-maker so as aforesaid painted over the outward Door, or in some conspicuous Part of the Front of his or her Starch-house, he or she so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.-four, when any Starch, exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weight, shall be removed or carried by Land or by Water, the Word Starch shall be painted or marked in legible Letters, of at lead three Inches in Length, on every Chest, Calk, Sack, or other Package wherein such Starch shall be contained; and any Starch, exceeding the Quantity of twenty-ei^ht Pounds Weight, which shall be found removing or carrying, or removed or carried, by Land or by Water, in any Chest, Cask, Sack, or other Package, not having the Word Starch so painted or marked thereon, after the said twentieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- ‘ four, shall be forfeited, together with the Chest, Cask, back, or other Package containing the same, and the Boat or Vessel, Horses or other Cattle, Waggoa, Cart, or other Carriage, made use of in removing or carrying the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any Dealer in, or Seller of Starch, shall at any Time knowingly receive into his Custody any Quantity of Starch, exceeding twenty-eight Pounds Weight, not having the Word Starch so as aforesaid painted or marked on the Chest, Cask, Sack, or other Package containing the same, he or she so offending shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any Maker of Starch shall obstruct or h:nder any of the Officers for the Duties upon Starch in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given to him or them by this or any other Act for the ascertaining or securing the Duties upon Starch, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VII. And whereas, notwithstanding the Laws now in force for securing the Duties on Sope, many Frauds are stili frequently practised, to the great Loss of the Revenue, and to the Injury of the fair Trader, and some better Regulations in the Manner of carrying on the Sope-making Business are stili wanting for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twentieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every the Officers of Excise shall at all Times, by Day or by Night, and without waiting for the Presence of a Constableor* Peace Officer, be permitted, upon his or their Request, to enter into the House, Boiling-house, Ware-house, or other Place whatsoever, belonging to or used by any Maker or Makers of any Sope whatsoever, and, by gauging or weighing of the Sope, or otherwise, as to such Officer shall seem most proper and convenient, to take an Account of the just Quantity of the Sope which shall have been made by such Maker or Makers of Sope from Time to Time; and also to take an Account of all Materials for the making of Sope, in the Possession or Custody of such Maker or Makers of Sope; and all and every the Officers of Excise shall be permitted to stay and remain in such House, Boiling-house, Warehouse, or other Place, belonging to or used by such Maker or Makers of Sope, or in any of such Places, so long as such Officer or Officers fl)all think fit.

VIII. And, for the better presenting the Frauds frequently committed by divers Makers of Sope, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth Day of September^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Maker of Sope shall have or keep any Pipe or other Conveyance from or to any Copper or Pan made use of in the boiling or making of Sope, lave and except one moveable Pump for taking out Salt or Spent Lees, which Pump shall be taken out of such 'Copper or Pan before the Copper or Pan shall be locked down by the Officer; and that no Maker of Sope shall have any Cock or Perforation or Hole in the Side or Curb, or Bottom or Cover of his or her Boiler or Copper, nor shall have any Part of the Curb moveable, nor shall use any Syphon, Crane, or Trinket, but shall take out ail Lees, Sope, or other Ingredients, contained in the said Copper or Boiler, by a Pump, or by a Ladle only; on Pain that any Maker of Sope, having or keeping any Pipe or other Conveyance from or to any Copper or Pan made use of in the boiling or making of Sope, save and except such Pump as aforesaid, or having any Cock or Perforation or Hole in the Side or Curb, or Bottom or Cover of his or her Boiler or Copper, or having any Part of the Curb moveable, or using any Syphon, Crane, or Trinket, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of five hundred Pounds: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for every M^ker of Sope to have, in the Cover of his or her Copper or Boiler, small Holts, not exceeding one eighth of an Inch in Diameter, for the Steam to escape through the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the Cover and Furnace Door and A(h-holc Door of every Copper, Pan, or other Utensil used by khy Maker of Hard Sope for the boiling or making

2 Of

e

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. 569

of Sope, shall, and they are hereby required to be securely locked, fattened, and sealed down, by the Officer or Officers of Excise who survey such Trader, at all Times, except when such Copper, Pan, or other Utensils shall be at Work, or shall be opened for repairing the same, or for the Inspection of an Officer or Officers of Excise; and proper Locks and Keys, and all other necessary Fastenings, for feeur-ing and sealing the said Covers and Furnace and A(h-hole Doors of every such Copper, Pan, or other Urenfil, At a 11 be provided by the respective Surveyors and Supervisors of Excise of the respective Distri<3s or Divisions in which such Makers of Sope shall respectively reside, at the Expence of the respective Makers in each Division or District; and whenever such Maker of Sope shall bedefirous of opening such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, or the Furnace or Ash-hole Door thereof, and shall have given to the Officer of Excise of the Division or District, twelve Hours Notice thereof, if such Maker of Sope shall reside within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or twenty-four Hours Notice thereof, if such Maker of Sope shall reside in any other Part of Great Britain, then the Officer of Excise shall attend to open such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, or the Furnace or A(h-hole Door thereof; and if, by any Means, Art, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, any Person shall open any such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, or the Furnace or A(h-hoIe Door thereof, after the same shall have been locked and secured as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked and opened by the Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully damage or hurt any such Lot k or other Fattening, every such Person shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any Maker or Makers of Sope shall obstruct or hinder any Officer of, Excise in the Execution of the Powers or Authorities.given to him or them by this or any other Afik for the ascertaining or securing the Duties upon Sope, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XI. And, for the better preventing the clandestine making of Sope, without Payment of the Duties for the fame;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to take an Account from Time to Time, as often as he or they shall think fit, by gauging, weighing, or otherwise, as to him or them shall seem most proper and convenient, of all Tallow, Oil, Rosin, and Grease of every Kind, and of all Materials for making Sope, which any Maker of Sope shall at any Time have in his Possession; and such Maker, of Sope shall provide proper Scales and Weights, and assist the Officer in weighing and taking such Account, on Pain of forfeiting twenty Pounds: And in case such Officer shall find any Decrease of any such Materials for making Sope, and shall not receive a (atisfe&ory Account thereof, such Officer shall charge such Maker of Sope with Duties for such Decrease, according to the Rates and Proportions following; (that is to say,)

Officer in weighing, &c, on Penalty of aoi. Duties to be charged for a Decrease of the following

For every fourteen hundred Weight, or two hundred and ten Gallons of Oil, so missing, such Officer shall charge any Maker of Hard Sope with the Duties on twenty hundred Weight of Hard Sope:

For every thirteen hundred Weight of rendered Tallow so missing, such Officer shall.charge any Maker of Hard Sope with the Duties on twenty hundred Weight of such Sope:

For every thirteen hundred Weight and two Quarters of Kitchen Stuff and Tallow so missing, such Officer shall charge any Maker of Hard Sope with the Duties on twenty hundred-Weight of such Sope:

For every fourteen hundred Weight of Tallow, Rosin, and Oil, so missing, such Officer shall charge any Maker of Yellow, Brown, or Rosin Sope, with the Duties on twenty hundred Weight of such Sope.

kept locked by the Officer, except when at Work, &c.

Locks and Keyi to be provided by the Purveyors, &c. at the £x~-pence of the Maxell,

Any Person* clandestinely opening any Cop*-per, &c. or damaging such Fattening, forfeit jool. Sope-makcrt obstruct.ng Offt*

C<TI (0

sol.

From Sept, a<yr 1784, Officers to tike Account^, as often as they think fif, of aJi Materials for making Soper in the Maker’a Possessi on. Sope-maker to* p'ovide Scales, &c. and assist the*. Materials.

Oil:

Rendered Talw low;-

Kitchen Stuff-and Tallow:

Tallow, Rofinj,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker and Makers of Sope, Wore he, she, or they shall charge his, her, or their Copper or Boiler with any Materials for making of Sope, shall give to the Officer of the Division or Place where such Sope is intended to be made, Notice in Writing of the particular Time and Hour when such Maker of Sope intends to charge his or their Copper or Boiler, as herein after is mentioned; (that is to say,) If such Sope is intended to be made at any Place within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London, then such Notice shall be by the Space of twelve Hours next before the Time of charging such Copper or Boiler; and if such Sope is intended to be made at any other Place, out of the Limits aforesaid, then such Notice shall be by the Space fif twenty -four Hours next befo.e the Time of charging such Copper or Boiler; cn Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of one hundred Pounds at every Time when any Maker of Sope shall begin to charge his or her Copper or Builcr without first giving such Notice as^ aforesaid: And if such Maker of Sope shall begin to charge his or her Copper°or Boiler within the Space of three Hours next after the particular Tuu: Oi Hour mentioned in such Notice, then such Notice shall be void; and every Maker of Sope who, alter the Expiation of the said Time, shall begin to charge his or her Copper or Boiler, without having "ttx given a new or other like Notice as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XiU. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Sope shall, before charging \fts ur her Copper or Boiler with any Materials for making of Sope, weigh, in the Presence of the Ufficvr, all the Rffiin, Tall ow, Grease, or other Materials with which such Maker of Sope intends to charge his or her Copper or Boiler, and all such Rosin, Tallow, Gicafe, or other Materials, shall be put into the Copper or Boiler in the Presence of the Officer; and in case the Quantity of Hard Sope, >hcr\viids produced therefrom, Gall be found by the Gauge in the Frames to be less than ought to have "«n produced according to the Rates and Proportions herein-before mentioned, then the Deficiency wetem ftu\l he charged with the Duties thereupon, according to the Rates and Proportions herrin-before mentioned: Provided always, that if any Maker of Sope shall have charged the Copper or Boiler with tough Pat ot rough Kitchen Grease, then eight Pounds of rough Fat shall be deemed equal to seven - Pound*-

Sope-makers to give proper Notice to the Offi* cer before they, charge their Copper.

What shall be decked proper Notice.

On Failure of;

giving such Notice, to forfeit. ICOtl, &c.

S^p?miker to* in Presence of the Offi.4 cer, all the Materials with which he intends tacharge his Cupper, bu>

57°

"No Sopc-maker, after Sept. 20,

'i 784, to fell any Hard Sopc bat in the Shape of Cakeror Bars; and all Scraps and Parings shall be returned into *4he Copper, in Presence of the Officer; on

The Power* and

PenaJresin Act 22 Car, 2, Cap. «4* See. relative to Excise Duties, shall be applied in executing this Act,

Tensities and Forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of Action*.

General IfTne,

TtebloCofls.

Frearble.

From Sept. 20, 1784, the following additional Duties to be paid to his Majesty} %iddicetj

Haw Silk imported, 21. gd, per Pound; Thrown Silk, *t. fir Pound«

C. 48, 49. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sefl. 2.

Pounds of Tallow, and five Pounds of rough Kitchen Grease shall be deemed equal (o four Pounds of clean Kitchen Grease,

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Hard Sope shall, after the twentieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, fell any Hard Sope but in the Shape or Form of Cakes or Bars, or what is commonly called or known by the Name of BallSope\ and that all Scraps and Parings of Hard Sope shall be returned into (he Copper or Boiler, in the Presence of the Officer, immediately after the Sope that has been put into the Frames from any one Boiling shall have been cut up for Sale; on Pain that every Maker of Hard Sope, selling any such Hard Sope in any other Form than as aforesaid, or not returning all Scraps or Parings of Hard Sope into the Copper or Boiler, in the Presence of the Officer, immediately as aforesaid shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds for each Offence*

Penalty of 100),

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Thing?, which in-and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled An Attfor taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Cap ice, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof), or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are provided, settled, or established, for fecuiing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are preferred by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Thing?, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, *nd the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thai if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General (flue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against mm, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas; and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk.

Aloft Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parlfa-

ment afferr.bled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expenci?»

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates, Duties, and Impositions herein after mentioned \ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth Day of September> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, for and upon the Goods herein after mentioned, over and above all Customs,

Subsidies, and Duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective Duties following; (that is to say,)

For every Pound of Raw Silk, each Pound containing twenty-four Ounces, imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, the Sum of two Shillings and nine Pence:

For every Pound of Thrown Silk, each Pound containing sixteen Ounces, imported or brought itKa

the Kingdom of Great Britain, the Sum of two Shillings:

And

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Gfiorgii-III. C. 49. 571

And for and upon all Lead, cast and uncaft, the Fodder or Ton, containing twenty hundred Weight; exported, Avoirdupois, which shall be exported from Great Britain to any Parts beyond the Seas, the Sum of one II. lhc Twlt Pound one Shilling* and after those Rates for any greater or left Quantities;

And the Laid Duties shall be also subject and liable to an additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum thereon, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as the said Duties were impoied by two several Acts of Parliament, made in the nineteenth and twenty-second Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

II. And to promote and encourage the Silk Manufactures in this Kingdom, and the Exportation thereof into foreign Parts, it is expedient that a further Premium or Bounty should be allowed thereon. 4 in Proportion to the additional Duties granted by this Act on the Importation of Raw and Thrown Silk be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, over and above the former Bounties allowed on the Exportation of the several Articles herein after specified, there shall be allowed and paid to the Exporter thereof,

For all Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk (except Gauzes), made in Great Britain^ the Sum of two Shillings for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois:

For all Silks and Ribbons, made in Great Britain, of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, the Sum of two Shillings and eight Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois;

For all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringes, Silk Laces, Stitching or Sewing Silk, made in Great Britain, the Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois:

For all Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn, made in Great Britain, the Sum of six Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois;

For all Stuffs made in Great Britain, of Silk mixed with Jncle or Cotton, the Sum of eight Pence

for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois:

For all Stuffs, made in Great Britain, of Silk and Worded, the Sum of four Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois 5 and in those Proportions for any greater or lesser Quantity.

the additional 5 ptr Centt. ihere-on, imposed by 19 Geo. 3. Cap. 155 R,nd it Geo. 3. Cap. 64.

From March i, 1785* additional

Bounties to be allowed on Ef-porcation of the following AitW dea of British Manufactorttf Silk Ribbons and Stuffs, is* ftr Pound:

Silks and Ribbon* mixed with Gold, &c. n.gd. per Pound 1 Silk Stockings, dec. is. gd. per Pound.

Stuffs of Silk and Grogram, 6d. per Pound t Of Silk and Cotton, 8d.per Pound:

Of Silk and Worsted, 4d. p0 Pound*

Which said several Allowances shall be paid in the same Manner and Form, by the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, under the same Securities, and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as the former Bounties granted on the like Articles are paid and allowed, and are subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, except where any Alteration is made by this A A.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties herein-before Duties to be granted shall be under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Custoros in under the Ma-England and Scotland fefpeflively, and shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or nagemcot of Deduction whatsoever, and shall be drawri back upon the Exportation of such foreign Goods as paid the Duties hereby granted upon the Importation thereof; and the (kid Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, °nd t*nd recovered, and paid, and the Drawbacks allowed in the same Manner and Form, and under the like Re- reCovercdin the ftri&ions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties and same Manner at Drawbacks for such Goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid, and allowed the fotmec D*r (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several

Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enabled in the Body of this present Act; and the Lid Duties hereby granted, shall (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Ufis and Purposes in this Act directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept, in A Book toba the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies provided by tha aiifing from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be en- Anditor of tha tered, separate and ap^rt from all o;her Monies paid and payable to his M^j. fty, his Heirs and Successors, Jhici^the Dul Jjpon any Account whatsoever* and the Lid Money so paid into the Lid Receipt of Exchequer as afore- ^1^11 beta-«id, except so much thereof as is herein-before otherwise appropriated, ftulj, together with such other fared fcpante Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for from all othera* this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Ex- Application pences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, thereof, (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by ivay of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery).

V. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times it shall happen IftheDuttct that the Produce of the several Duties granted by this Act, together with the several o;her Duties, Re- gran-cd by thie venues, and Taxes, granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Payment of the several Annuities of tnd olber three Pounds per Centum, and of four Pounds per Centum, and of five Shillings and six Pence per Centum, § ,nion

respect of six Millions borrowed in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, (inti- be fu fount to tuied, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery)y shall not pay the Annul-tasufficient to pay and discharge the several Annuities of three Pounds and of four Pounds tiefgranted by

ptr Centum, and also the said Annuity of five Shillings and six Pence per Centum, to continue for seventy- die^ottcij AG, ears ar>d six Months, from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and Vol. XIV. Part IV. 4 E (hyt

572

Sess. 2.

the Deficiency shall bi supplied «ut of the Sinking Fund:

Which (hilt be replaced out of the fall Supplies.

Surplus, if any, how to be ap-JpJisd*

[Preamble,

So much of Act 16 Geo. 3. Cap. 37»

ns relates to the Exportation of Wheat, &c. to the Sugar Colonies,

revived, and continued until M-y I, >7S$*

So much of an Act 19 Gn>. 3, as re! es to a Dra b^i lv on It. u n ihioped as, S f res »;n board

A^erch^nt Ships, T?vivcdt and con-ti.vicd until

April 1, J-S6, Recital of 23 Cc>\ 3, C.p.

C. 50. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

then to ccafe, together with the other Charges and Expences attending the said respective Annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the same at the End of any or either of the half-yearly Days of Payment at which the same are directed by the said Act to be paid; then, and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies.shall and may be supplied out of any of the Monies which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that J3ehalf); and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be, from Time to Time, issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times before any Monies of the said Fund to be established as aforesaid shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paving the several Annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly Days of Payment before mentioned, that then, and in every such Case, the Money so wanted ihalland may be supplied out of the Muiies of the Sinking Fund (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Monies arising by the said Fund, after the said several and respective Annuities, and also the Annuities granted in respect of the Money due for Bills payable in the Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports, and also for Ordnance Debentures, converted into Annuities in pursuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament, and all Arrears thereof, are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall, from Time to Time, be reserved for paying the Intel ell of the remaining Navy Bills, and for Payment of the Ordnance Debentures, as the same shall respectively become due and payable; and also for the Payment of any Annuity or Annuities which may hereafter be created for the Discharge of the said Navy Bills and Ordnance Debentures respectively; and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered toiflueand apply the same accordingly.

CAP. L.

An Act to revive and continue several Laws, relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in Americas and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, and are expired \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Jteign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of IVhcat, and other Articles, to his Majesty f Su*ar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Fail Indies, and of Bifatit and Pcafe to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of IVhcat and other A> tides, as relates to allowing the Expotation of cert fin Quantities of neat and other Articles to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in force until the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy*seven, and which, by several Acts made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-second, and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived; and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties oir Rum fittpped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be m force for two Yea; s, from the full Day of April) one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; and which, by an Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was revised and continued until the first Day of Apdl, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall, from and after the patting of tins A<it, be revived; and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect until the fi ft Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

III. And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the btiter preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of I fines in this Kingdom; and to present the r el a tiding of refined Sugar entered for Exportation, to obtain the Drawback or Bounty, it is, amongst

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 51. 573

other Things, enacted, That no Wine of any Sort shall be removed or carried, either by Land or by Water, from any Outport, Cheek, or Haven, in Great Britain, not being within the Limits of the Port of London, to any other Town, Port, or Place whatsoever within the same Kingdom, without a Certificate first had and obtained from the Collector and Comptroller, or the Chief Officers of the Cidbms at or nearest to the Town, Port, or Place, from which such Wine is intended to be removed, certifying that the Duties due and payable for such Wine had been paid at the Port or Plate of importation, or that the same was Wine fold for Salvage, or that the same had been compounded for or condemned, with several other Particulars required in the Manner directed by the said Adf: And whereas great Quantities of Wine, which have been clandestinely imported into the Outports of thi^Kingdom, and rim on Shore without Payment of the Duties due for the same, have been after wards removed from thence to other Parts within the Kingdom, and into the Port of London, in Bottles and other small Packages, whereby the Intention of the said Act is evaded;’ for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twentieth Day of September^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the said in Part recited Act, and every Clause and Mi ter therein, lb far as the same relates to the Removal of Wine in Hogsheads or other Casks, or indicts any Penalty or Forfeiture upon the Removal of such Wine without such Certificate, or upon. Persons who shall falseiy make Oath to any of the Fadis therein required to be sworn, or who shall fcrgc, counterfeit, erase, alter, or faifuy any Certificate, or knowingly make use of any Certificate so forged, counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, shall extend, and be construed to extend, in like Manner, to the Removal of any Sort of Wine in Bottles, or any other Packages whatsoever, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relative thereto, were again repeated and ic-enacted in this present Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Frnr S^of. 20, l:?4 there cited Atfl, so hr as it relates so the Removal of Winr without Cer ificate, &c. shall extend to the Removal of Win: vn Bot les, or o'hfr Pack-

CAP. LI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail; and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences; and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into this Kingdom.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto ’

your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned;’ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament From Oct. r, assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of October, one thousand i7$4> the fol-seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, cblletfted, and paid, throughout the Kingdom Duties t.

of Great Britain* unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and A pa’d to h,s Duties following; (that is to say -,)

All Persons uttering or vending, in Great Britain, by Retail, any Hats, commonly called or known by All Retaii-rs of the Name of Felt or #W, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japanned Hats, shall annually lake Fdt or Beaver out a Licence for that Purpose in Manner herein after prescribed: Hats, &c. m

Great Britain, to take oat a Licence annually:

And where the Person, so uttering or vending by Retail such Hats as aforesaid, shall rtfide within the Forwhich fr.alt Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of the Bills of Mortality, or within the Borough b*P^. within of Southwark in the County of Surrey, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of forty Shillings: Mo.u'l'y or

Borough of So^’hwaik, 40s.

And where the Person, so uttering t»r vending by Retail any such Hats as aforesaid, shall relide in any And inCW(sw City or Market Town, other than the Cities of London and U/eJhnuijhr, or Borough of Southwark in the Market Tmvn» County of Surrey, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of five Shillings: without tile

Bills, 51.

And where the Person, uttering or vending by Retail any such Hats as nforcGid, who shall reside in any a»j in othrr Other Part of Great Britain, not being a City or Market Town, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of Pa,ti office five Shillings:

For every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japanned ILt, not exceeding the Price or Value of four Shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any Person or Persons taking out such Licences, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of Three-pence.

For every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japanned Hat, exceeding the Price or Value of four Shillings, and not above the Price or Value of seven Shillings, which shall be uttered* vended, or fold, 4jy any Person or Persons taking out such Licences, there shall beN charged a Stamp-duty of Sixpence:

‘For every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japanned Hat, above the Price or From 71. f0 in Value of seven Shillings, and not exceeding the Price or Value of twelve Shillings, which shall be aDutyotj*. ottered, vended, or fold, by any Person taking out such Licences, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Shilling:

For every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japanned Hat, exceeding the Price or AnrfiWe u* Value of twelve Shillings, which shall he uttered, vended, orfoid, by any Person or Persons taking out *Dutyotis, wenLicences, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of two Shillings.

E 2 IL^nd

Kingdom, 51.

For every FelC or Beaver Hat, &c. not exceeding 4^. tn Value,

34.

From 4?. to 71. a Duty 0/ 6d,

574

Duties to be Under the Ma* uagerr.ent of the Cormii’flioneif of Sutnpi,

From Oct. 1, 1784., no Person to fell any Nat herein mentioned without a Licence, on Penalty of 50L Any two Commissioners of Stamps, or Persont appointed by them, may grant Licence*,

Licences to be jenewed annually.

Every Hcenfel Retailer to have the words Dealer in Ha’s by Retail/ over the Door or on the front of his House, &c. on Penalty of 40s. for each. Nat fold. Vnlicensed Per* font putting up those Words, to forfeit 50l.

Who shall be deemed Retail* cis of Hats*

Stamped Paper Tickets to be affixed to the Lining of the Crown of Hats,

agreeable to the Directiona of the Commiftoner*,

Perfow felling, Sec, any Hat liable to the Duties, without a proper Sump,

io forfeit lot.

s

Not to extend to one licei*ird Retailer selling to another.

Persons fraudulently tearing off

C. 51. Anno vicesimo quarto G boro 11 III. Sess.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the belter and more effectual levying and co.leding all the said Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidentalCharges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such Stumps to denote the said Du’ies, as shall be requifue in that Behalf; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution, with relation to the said Rate9 and Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning damped Vellum, Parchment* and Paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of Ofioher% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Person whatsoever required by this Act to be licensed (had, unless he or she be licensed in Manner herein after prescribed, utter, vend, or sell, any Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japanned Hats, in Great Britain, upon Pain to forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be lecovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences to such Persons who shall apply for the same, to fell Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or Leather or Japanned Hats, in any City, Town, or other Place within Great Britain, for the Space of one Year, to commence from the said first Day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that Day, and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four* to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence; and all and every Person and Persons who shall take out such Licence for selling Ha:s, shall take out a fresh Licence for another Year, ten Days at least before the Expiration of that Year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or she shall continue to fell Hats by Retail; and shall, in like Manner, renew such Licence f*om Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for the Stamps on such Licence, as long as he or she shall continue to fell Hats by Retail.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person vending or exposing to Sale Hats by Retail, and who shall have taken out a Licence for that Purpose as herein-before is directed, shall cause the Words Dealer in Hats by Retail, to be painted or written in large and legible Characters, either over the Door, or in some visible Place on the Front of his or their House, Shop, or Warehouse, at the respective Place at which lie or they keep such Hats for Sale, to denote that such Person or Persons is a Dealer in Hats, and licensed for that Purpose; and if any Person so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to fell any Hats, without fixing or hanging out such Notice as aforesaid, every Person so vending or exposing to Sale any Hats shall, for every Ha£ so fold, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; to be recovered and distributed as herein after is directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall cause the Words Dealer in Hats to be affixed or put in the Front of his, her, or their House or Shop, or Warehouse, without being licensed as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VII. And whereas Doubts may arise what Person or Persons may be considered a Retail Dealer or 1 Dealers in Hats within the Construction of this Act; be it therefore enacted and declared, That all Persons who shall fell any less Quantity than one Dozen of Hats at one Time to any one Person, shall be deemed a Retailer of Hats, and shall be liable to take out a Licence for that Purpose.

VIII. And, in order to secure the Duty aforesaid,* be it further enacted, That every Person utteiingor vending by Retail, or exposing to Sale, any Hats liable to the Duty hereby imposed, shall apply to the Commissioners of Stamps, or to the Officers appointed by them, for Paper Tickets, stamped with the several and respective Duties hereby imposed, to be pasted or affixed, by the Person or Persons so uttering, or vending by Retail such Hat or Hats as aforesaid, to the Lining in the Inside of the Crown of such Hats, in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall direct; and every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japanned Hat, uttered, vended, or fold, by any Person or Persons taking out the Licence required by this Act, shall have affixed thereto such stamped Ticket, Mark, or Device, and in such Manner and Form, and in such Part of the Inside thereof, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp-duties shall from Time to Time direct.' V

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall vend, utter, fell, or expose taSale, or shall purchase, or receive in Exchange for any other Article, any Hat or Hats subject to the Stamp-duties hereby imposed, unless the Stamp Ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall be affixed and marked and stamped as by this Act is directed, or that shall have any Ticket affixed thereto marked or damped with a Stamp or Mark, of less Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed to be affixed; every such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Hat so fold, uttered, or exposed to Sale, or so bought or received in Exchange, the Sum of ten Pounds* to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this AtSbcontained shall extend* or be construed to extend, to any Person licensed in pursuance of this Act, who shall fell to any other Retailer of Hats also licensed, any Hat or Hats, although the Stamp Ticket hereby directed to be affixed to tb*

shall not be affixed and marked and stamped as by this Act is directed.

XL And, to prevent the Mark or Stamp hereby directed to be used, which has been affixed to any Hat, from being made ufis of again to affix to any other Hat,* be it enacted, That if any Person or

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIU C. 51; 575;

fons shall fraudulently cut, tear, or takeoff, any Mark or Stamp in respectc whereof or by which any Du- or affi*ing my

ties are hereby payable for any Hat, or shall fraudulently affix or paste on in any Hat, any Ticket hereby S*"P already directed to be stamped, the same having been once made use of for the Purpose aforesaid, and shall here* many Hat, afterfell, utter, or expose to Sale, any Hat with such Ticket so f/audulently cut from, taken off, or removed; then, so often, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as- dull forfeit soK herein after is directed.

XII. And, to prevent Person?, so licensed as aforesaid, from selling and buying any Tickets which No Person to*

have been btf>re made use of for denoting any of the Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing fell w buy my*

such Frauds/ be it enacted, That if any Person (halJ, from and after the passing of this Act, fell or

buy any such Ticket, in order to be again made use of to be affixed to any Hat liable to the Duty hereby Penalty of-

imposed, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, 2©l.

to be recovered and applied as herein-afeer is directed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either Buyer or Seller of any such Ticket, or of any* Either B*y*r or*

Hat not having the proper Ticket affixed thereto, as aforesaid, shall inform against the other Party con- fell* who cerned in buying or selling such Ticket, or such Hat not having the proper stamped Ticket affixed ib^o^e/paity, thereto, as aforesaid, the Party so offending shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed Aallbcindemni-" against, and shall be indemnified from the Penalties by him or her incurred. fed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons, licensed in pursuance of this Act, Retiilers deii-

shall deliver in any Bill or Charge for any Hat or Hats (subject to the Duties hereby imposed), such Person ?erg in Bills or Persons shall make a distinct and fe pa rate Charge for the Stamp or Scamps which shall have been affixed Vf

to the Hat 01 Hats so charged in such Bill. mak?"a fc^r"V

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or Charge for the forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this Sumps.

Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Im- Persons counter-^ pression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said feiting Stamps, Duties; or fhdl privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used ^."V0

by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; -V1 tofofer*" every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall Death atFdont# suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Provisiom of Clauses, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parlia- for.mcr l€* ment relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and Effect

with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and putin Execution for force it execute railing, levying.* collecting, and fecuiing the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, according to the iogthisAa. true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally *nd respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby im- Penaltle*, sued" shall be divided and distributed (tf sued for within the Space of six Calendar Months from the w within

Time of any such Penalty being incurred) in Manner following; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his ^bediw 'teL Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons 1

v?bn shall inform and sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniaty Penalties which shall Penaltiesexceed

*xcecd the Sum of twenty Pounds, imposed on any Person or Persons for Offences committed against this few ro

Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences be recorertd. committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales* or the Town of Berwick

tyon Tweed; and in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scot for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint,

Information, wherein no Eftbin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance,.

1; be allowed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Division or lnfo«nenn&iin» D'ftribution of the Penalties as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and restrictrd to the prosecuting. ti'le^to,nT P«t the same within the Time herein-before for that Purpose limited; and that in Default of such Pro- '

edition within the Time aforesaid, no Informer or Informers shall have or be intitled to any Part or uhm'fi, or i!jreo* Penalties, but that the Whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Month.

»nd shall be recoverable in Manner aforesaid j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

any vjttence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty

not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds-, which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and "nct*wh‘*'h* required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf, to summon the Party tuetd'aoi° '*t accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fast; and upon flue fr°of made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Patty, or by the Oath of one or more «Kd»ble Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according:

tn and by this Act is directed, and to award and issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Sea! for I levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures, so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to -1 tXU r\^aie to be roade thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party-:

Overplus, if any and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the-rtauty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of: three Months, unless such.

pecuniary

576

Persons aggrieved by such Determination, may appeal to the Qamei Seffloat.

Persons fnm-incn?d as Wit-rclit*', who shall n :^lect to appea*, \\ ithout a rtafun. ble Ex-cufa, to forfeit

40 «.

Justice may mi-U3<*tc Penalties,

From 0i, 1784, the following add'th nal Import Duties to be paid to his MBjdiy i vu.

For Hat% &*c, made of Felt, d. the Piece: For every Hat made of Beaver W.ool, dec. 2 Duties to be subject to an additional Impost of 5 per Cent. and 5 per Cent,

hereon, imposed by J9 Geo. 3,

Import Duties to be under the Management of the Commission* eiv of Customs, and dr*n back upon Exportation; and to be levied and recovered in the same M inner as the former Duties, Ice.

Hats, two

Dozen in one Package, rr ay le

ex iorfed without > r.'.ioe the Stamp T*ckct allixed thereto, &c.

puri?9 to be p iid to the Receiver G-neral of JSump-duries,

C by hits phd jmo the Kx-t; rouer. j\ ‘irtitor to rr-n-\ i it a H h for tr t-riing 'oe

ideate

Irom u*l o’"*ts§ ysnL.ici'i^u

ihc&eol.

C. 51.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Sess. 2.

pecuniary Penalty shall be fonner paid and satisfied: And if any Person or Persons shall fiad himself or themielve* aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Senility to t-r.e Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case inch Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter SdTfms for the County, Riding, or Pia.c, who are hereby im powered to furntnon Wit* ncllcs upon Oath, and anally to hear and determine the (am; and in case the Judgement of such Justice shall be affimnd, it shall be lawful for Inch Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay Coils occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall lean meet.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Wi:nd*s or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, and {lull negleel or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable txcufe for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as het tin-before directed as to other Penalties: Provided nevertheless, Th.it it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he {lull think fit, reafunabie Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed, over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than one Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act, or any otheT Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the several Goods herein after mentioned, which shall, from and after the said first Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought into this Kingdom from foreign Parts, over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective Duties following; that is to say;

For all Hats or Caps (except Night-caps) made of Felt, or manufactured wholly of Sheep or Lambs Wool, the Sum of Sixpence the Piece:

For every Hat made of, or mixed with, Beaver Wool, or with Hair, or other Fur or Wool of whatever Kind, the Sum of two Shillings.

And the said Duties shall be also subject and liable to an additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum and five Pounds per Centum thereon, which were imposed by two several Acts made in the nineteenth and twenty-second Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

Cap. 15, and 22 Geo. 3. Cap. 66.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties herein-before granted upon the Importation of such Hats shall be under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Deduction whatfjever, and shall be drawn back upon the Exportation of the same Goods; and the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the same Manner and Form, and under such Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties and Drawbacks for such Goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, recover d, paid, and allowed (except where any Alterat‘on* *s ma<^e by this Act), as fully, to all Intents and Purpose?, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating tneieto,-were particularly repeated and again enndled in the B )dy of this present Act.

XXIV. And, for encouraging the Exportation of Hats into Foreign Parts, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, licensed in pursuance of this Act, to.export any Number of Hats, not lefts in Quantity than two Dozen in any one Package, without having the Stamp Ticket aftixed thereto as herein-before is directed, upon giving Notice to the Distributor of Stamps living jKiueil to the Place where the Person so exporting such Hats shall rtfide, and obtaining from him a Certificate thereof, which he is hereby directed to give, without Fee or Reward.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein-before granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hinds of the Receiver General for the Time beirfg of the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and P*per, who shall keep a (Vparate and diilinct Account of the several karts and Duties, and pay the same (the nceeftary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for tin* fame, being deducted) into the RecT.t of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in fif M.nuur, as the Duties now charged on stairped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be and mac in the Oirice of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt arorefaki, shall be entered, (epurate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, jw iltus or Succtflurs, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said of Exchequer as aforesaid, Aral be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and Charges and Expences as are duelled to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 52, 53. 577

of Parliament (intituled, An Act for ralfing a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities,' and for ejl abl:fling a Lottery)*

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at Defendants may any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed PJwd the Geoe* in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons nl shall or may plead the General lilue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; v and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or ani recover them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble Oofls,

CAP. LII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

1,oooo, oool.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the Supply granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliamenthy Ways the least burthensome to your Majesty's Subjects, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Tespective Duties herein after mentioned / and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; 'and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of From Dec. r, December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, 1784, the foU throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, lowing Dories for and upon all Gold and Silver Plate which shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great 2n<*

Britain, and for and upon all Gold and Silver Plate to be made or wrought within the same Kingdom, the p!,'d [0 h^Ma- several and respective Rates and Duties following; that is to say, jesty; viz.

For and upon all Gold Plate which, at any Time or Times after the first Day of December, one thou- For Cold Plate land seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, or imported into or which shall be made or wrought within the same Kingdom at any Time or Times from and after the said made in Great first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and which shall or ought to be Britain, an addi-touched, assayed, and marked in Great Britain, over and above all other Duties already impole<3 there- g°nale c*\. upon, a Duty after the Rate of eight Shillings for every Ounce Troy; and proportionably for any greater s‘ per unce" or less Quantity:

And for and upon all Silver Plate which, at any Time or Times after the first Day of December^ one for Silver Plate thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, imported into or or which shall be made or wrought within the same Kingdom, at any Time or Times from and after made in Gnat the said first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and which shall or ought to *In,a n» an ad" be touched, assayed, and marked in Great Britain, over and ahove all other Duties already imposed 6d(°pcx thereupon, a Duty after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ounce Troy; and proportionably for any greater or less Quantity:

To be paid by the Importer, or Makers or Workers thereof respectively, as in and by this Act is directed and prescribed.

II. And, for the better and more effectual raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the said Duties herein-before granted/ be it further enacted, That the same, as far as relates to Gold and Silver Plate niade or wrought in Great Britain, shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and they, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as drill be necessary; and to do other Acts, Matters, and Things necessary to be done for puiting this Act in Execution, with rela-.tiou to the said Duties on Gold and Silver Plate made or wrought in Great Britain, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Pait of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any of the Laws now in being concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties by this Act imposed upon wrought-Gold and Silver Plate to be imported, shall be put under the Care and Management oi his Majesty's Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and dull be raid d, levied, recovered, and paid, and b^brought into the Exchequer (to and for the Uses and Purposis in this Ac.^expressed), by Inch Rules,

ways Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in inch Manner ami Form, as the Duties upon Gilt and Silver Wire imported, imposed by an Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, or by any Act of Parliament relating thereto, are prescribed and appointed to be raised, levied, recovered, answered, and paid.

The Duties oa PUte made in Great Britain, to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Stampi,

The Duties on Plate imported to be under the Management of the Commissioners of CuIUmi,

-L.

57®

rom Dec, I, I7S4, Gold-fmicbt, Itc. fc*H iend to the AT-£iy Office, with every Parcel of

Gold or Silver, e written Note:

PirtfcoUn to be Specified therein*

Plate Tow to be

marked#

'Duties to be paid previous to the marking*

Receipts to be given for the Duty.

Jlflay Makers, &c. tt> pay the Duties and deliver the Notes they receive, duly, to the Clerk or Accountant, &c.

An Al!ow»nt« of Part of the Duty to be made for Goods sent to be assayed in a rough State*

Cold or Silver Plate, made after Dec. 1, J784, not to be sold or exchanged, or exported, until tnarkrd as by this Act directed*

on Penalty of 501.

tnd Forfeiture of

ihc Goods*

C. 53. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every working Goldsmith and Silversmith, or other Manufacturer ef Gold or Silver whatsoever, who shall, at any Time or Times after the said first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any Gold or Silver Vessel* Plate or Manufacture of Gold or Silver whatsoever, required to be touched, allayed, and marked, by the Company of Goldsmiths in London, or the Company of Goldsmiths in Edinburgh, or by the Birmingham or Sheffield Companies, or by the Wardens and Assayer or Aflaytrs at Tori, Exeter, BrifloU Chester, Norwich, and Newca/lle upon Tyne, shall from Time to Time fend, with every Parcel of such Gold or Silver, to the Assay Office of the said respective Companies, Cities, and Places, a Note or Memorandum fairly written; containing the Day of the Month and Year, the Christian and Surname of the Worker or Maker, and Place of his or her Abode, and also all the Species in such Parcel of Plate, and the Number of each Species, with the total Weight of such Parcel, and also the Sum of Money payable for the Duty upon the total Weight of such Parcel; and also shall from Time to Time fendi deliver, and pay, with every such Parcel, to the Officer belonging to such respective Assay Office who shall receive such Parcel of Gold or Silver so sent to be touched, assayed, and marked, the Duty by this Act directed to be paid upon every such Parcel of Gold or Silver so required to be touched, assayed, and marked.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Wardens, or their Deputy Assay-master, Weigher, or other Person appointed by the said respective Companies or Assay Officers, shall mark with the following new Mark, that is to say, With the Mark of the King's Head, over and besides the several other Marks directed by Law, all and every such Pieces or Parcels of Gold or Silver Plate so fine to be touched, marked, and assayed; and shall, previous to the touching, marking, or assaying such Gold or Silver Plate or Manufacture, a/k, demand, and receive, for the Utc of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* of and from the Person or Persons whose Property is so required to be touched, marked, and assayed, the Sum of eight Shillings for every Ounce of Gold Plate, or Manufacture of Gold, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall be brought to the said respective Assay Offices to be touched, marked, and assayed as afore laid; and also the Sum of Sixpence for fvery Ounce of Silver Plate or Manufacture of Silver, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity which shall be brought to the said respective Assay Offices to be touched, marked, and assayed as aforesaid; and shall give a Receipt for the Duty so paid to the Person or Persons bringing such Plate or Manufacture; and in Default of receiving such Duty, in Manner aforesaid, such respective Companies or Assay Offices so touching, marking, or assaying such Plate, shall be accountable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the said Duty, as if the same had actually been by them received.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Assay-master, Weigher, or other Officer of the said respective Companies or Allay Olfices, who shall, from Time to Time, from and after the said first Day of December^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, take and receive the said Monies and Duties, with the said Notes or Memorandums, shall daily, as soon as he shall have entered the same in the Book or Books of the said respective Companies dr Assay Offices, deliver the said Notes or Memorandums, and pay the said Sums of Money and Duties so by him received, to the Clerk or Accountant of the said respective Companies or Assay Offices, who shall file the same Notes or Memorandums, and enter the same, and keep a true and faithful Account in Writing, in Books to be" kept for that particular Purpose of the Duties received by him under and by virtue of this Act; which said Account shall at all Times be open for tbfe inspection of any Person or Persons duly authorised under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners of the Stamp-duties, or the major Part of them, to inspect the same.

VII. And whereas Gold or SilverWares, when sent to be marked and allayed, are sent in so rude and rough a State that the same in the finishing are greatly lessened in Weight,’ be it therefore enacted, That the Person appointed by the said Companies or Assay Offices to take and receive the Monies and Duties fiy this Act directed, shall, where such Plate is sent to be marked and assayed in the same rude and rough State as heretofore has been usual, make a Deduction of one-fifth from the Weight, and an Allowance of one-fifth Part of the Duty hereby imposed, to the Person or Persons bringing the same; and shall, at the Bottom of the Note or Memorandum herein-before directed to be kept and filed, exprefi the Deduction from the Weight, and the Allowance of the Duty accordingly: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Allowance being made on any Quanrjry of Silver Plate (St Manufacture, less in Weight than one Ounce Troy, nor to any fractional Part of an Ounce.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifft Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Goldsmith, Silversmith, or ether Person whatsoever, making or felling* trading or dealing in Gold or SilverWares, shall fell, exchange, or expose to Sale, in Great Britain, any Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold or Silver whatsoever, made after the said first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or export the same out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, until such Time as such Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold (being of the Standard directed by Law), and such Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver (being likewise of the Standard directed by Law), shall be marked with the new Mark herein-before directed, (that is to say), The Kings Head, over and besides all other Marks already directed by Law to be marked or impressed thereon, upon Pain that every such Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and disposeM of as herein after is directed; and for Default of not paying down the Penalty upon Conviction, shall be committed by the Court, in which Judgement shall be given thereon, to the House of Correction for the County, City, Liberty, or Place where convicted, there to remain, and to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Year, nor less than six Months, or until Payment be made of the said Forfeiture; and also upon Pain that such Gold and Silver Vessel, Plate, and Manufacture of Gold and Silver, which shall be fold* exchanged, or exposed to Sale, without having the Mark thereon as by this 6 Act

e

579

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53.

Ad is directed, shall be forfeited, one Moiety thereof to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to P«tieul*rW»re* any Jewellers Works, (that is to say,) any Gold or Silver wherein any Jewels or other Stones are or shall be set (other than Mourning Rings), nor to any jointed Night Ear-rings of Gold, or Gold Springs tend. 00'1* of Lockets, nor to compel any of the Wares of Gold or Silver to be stamped or marked with the Stamp f or Mark directed by this Adwhich are particularly excepted in the Ad, made In the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds and in Gold and Silver *> c,p.

Wares. *6-

X. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That when any Parcel of Gold or Silver shall in any of Duty to be re.

1 the respective Allay Offices aforesaid be found to be of a coarser Allay than the respective Standards, ^r"ed for *J1 and shall be cut, broken, and defaced, then, and in such Case (and where no intended Fraud shall appear) *"d silver the Duty granted by this Act, and which shall have been paid upon every such Parcel upon the Delivery cu«rJr th"*

thereof to be assayed, shall be returned to the Worker or Maker by the Companies or AlTay Offices who Standi, (if no

shall cut, break, or deface such Gold or Silver Work or Manufacture so brought to be touched, allayed, 'Bonded Fraud

I and marked; and the said Companies and AlTay Offices shall make an Entry in the Books herein-before 4411 Jm«).

directed to be kept by them of the Species and Weight of each Parcel so cut, broken, and defaced by them, and the Names of the Persons to whom such Gold and Silver Plate did belong, and the Amount of the Duty so returned.

XI. And, in order to prevent any Injury to the Manufacturers of Gold and Silver Plate, and for the N?w Du,if*

better Encouragement of the Exportation thereof,’ be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time or Times after the said first Day of one thousand seven hundred back on Exp-

and eighty-four, during the Continuance of the Duties by this Act imposed upon wrought Plate, or »tiun thee«t. Manufactures of Gold and Silver, export by way of Merchandize for any foreign Parts, any Plate of Gold or Silver wrought or manufactured in this Kingdom, which by this Act is charged or chargeable with the said respective Duties of eight Shillings per Ounce, and Sixpence per Ounce, and the same shall appear to have been made and marked as aforesaid, after the said first Day of, one thousand '

seven hundred and eighty-four, and the Duty hereby directed shall have been paid thereon, and shall give sufficient Security before the shipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantities of such Plate or Manufactures of Gold or Silver intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought again into Great Britain, and shall make Proof, upon Oath, that the same Gold or Silver Plate, or Manufactures, were actually made or marked as aforesaid, after the said first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, which Securities shall be taken in the King’s Name, and to his Use; and the said Oaths shall be administered, by the Customer or Collector of the respective Port for such Exportation 5 and shall also produce and deliver to such Customer or Collector a Certificate, under the Hand of the Person to whom such wrought Plate or Manufactures of Gold and Silver were consigned, certifying that the same have been received, and mentioning the Weight and particular Species of Plate so consigned and received, the Name of the Person consigning the same, the Name of the Vessel, and the Name of the Captain commanding such VtlTeJ, and the Port of Great Britain from which the said Vessel was cleared, and the Port to which such Vessel was bound; and shall also, where the Drawback shall amount to five Pounds and upwards, authenticate such Certificate by a notorial in Writing; and where the same cannot be done by a notorial Ad, then the same shall be authenticated under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Magistrate of the City, Town, or Place where such wrought Plate or Manufacture of Gold and Silver shall be received; that then, and in every such Case, the said Customer or Collector shall give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture, expressing the true Kind* and Quantities of such Plate and Manufactures of Gold or Silver so exported, or shipped to be exported; and the Exportation or shipping thereof being certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Collector or Receiver of the said Duty on Plate, upon the said Debenture so certified being produced to ", him, shall forthwith pay a Drawback or Allowance after the Rate of eight Shillings for every Ounce Troy, and proportion ably for any greater or less Quantity, of such Plate or Manufacture of Gold, ancf after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ounce Troy, and proportionably for any greater or less Quantity, of such Plate or Manufacture of Silver, out of the Money of the said Duties on Plate or Manufactures of Gold and Silver then in the Hands of the said Receiver or Collector, without Fee or Reward; and if the ’ i p Receiver or Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay any such Debenture, then the

Receiver-general of the Stamp-duties for the Time, is hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the said Debenture out of any of the Duties arising by this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

*be better to prevent the fraudulent relanding of any Plate in this Kingdom after the Wro»s!'t Pi»t#

‘ I, Drawback has been paid and allowed for the fame,’ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority afore- inWn'*c<i f,r E*-F .‘a,cl> That all wrought Gold and Silver Plate which shall be intended to be exported from this Kingdom p'rut, on> *° *>e

',1 Pt0 3-ny foreiin Parts, before the same is shipped for that Purpose, shall be brought by the Owner or offic-

Proprietor thereof to the AlTay Office, and shall be there stamped or marked with the Figure of a - TM,k<rd wuh* anma, in order to denote that such Plate is entered and intended for Exportation, and to be allowed the ^rawhack thereon.

I j XJH- And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Accountant of the Company of Goldsmiths in cio.k, of

London shall, on the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or the

*»thin two Months after, deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamp-duties, or some Person or Persons £Tp,"m wi'.h* v*. orised by them at the Head Office to receive the same, true Copies of the Accounts herein before '

tO nP lr Anf Am* tka AT uortar utKiaK Hl^ll Kp Pflmn!ciP() Hpfnrft fif iitArt, nn/1 n a _ a.

580

Qjpfcs of the Accounts for the prrceding Q^ar-ter; and from thenceforth vuthin two Months after erery Quarter D»y, *c.j

ftnd shall ply the Monies due thereon, to the Receiver General of Stamp-duties.

Penalty on DcUulc,

Wardens, or other Persons appointed by the Goldfraitha Company at Edinburgh, &c« within two Montha after Dec. *5, 1784, to deliver to the Head Distributor of-Stampi, &c. Copies of the Accounts for the preceding Quarter; and from thenceforward within two Months after every Quarter Day, &s.j

and shall pay the Monies due thereon, to the Receiver General of Stamp-duties*

Penalty on Default.

An Allowance to be made to the Clerks, &c, lifthcif Trouble

Prom Dec. t, 1784, any Person who shall counterfeit any Stamp to be used in pursuance ofj this

4r (halt damp any wrought plate, &c. with any counterfeit-id Swrnp i

C- S3-

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Sess. j.

said Duties before the said twenty-fi^h Day of December; and from thenceforth shall, some Time within two Months after the twenty-fifth Day of March, the twenty-fourth Day of June, the twenty-ninth Day of September, and the twenty fifth Day of December, in every Year, or at such other Times, after the Expiration of the said two Months, as may be appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners of the Stamp-duties, giving a previous publick Notice of Fourteen Days, or more, by Advertisement in the London Gazette, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said Commissioners, or to the Person or Persons appointed by them for the Purpos: of receiving the same, at the Head Office of the said Commissioners, true Copies of the Accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such Clerks or Accountant* of the said respective Companies or Assay Offices, for the Quarter which shall be completed before such Day of Delively, or Notice, as the Cale shall be; and, at the same Time, shall pay such Sum and Sums which shall appear to be due on such Accounts to the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer appointed to receive the said Duties, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the said Head Office; upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Default in not delivering true Copies of such Accounts, the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and for every Default in Payment of the Monies due on such Accounts, double the Amount of the Money so due and payable at the Time of such Default-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Wardens, or their Deputies, or the Clerk or Accountant, or other Person appointed to receive the Duty hereby imposed, by the Goldsmiths Company at Edinburgh, or by the Companies of Birmingham and Sheffield, or the respective Allay Offices at York. Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, or other Cities or Places where any Allay Office shall or may be efhblished, shall, on the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or within two Months after, deliver to the Head Distributor of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in and for the City or County in which such Companies or Assay Offices shall be established, or to the Person or Persons duly authorised and commissioned under the Hands and Seals of three of the said Commissioners for Stamp-duties to receive such Accounts, and the Money due thereon, true Copies of the Accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such Companies or Assay Offices respc<5lively, and which shall, on the said twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or within two Months after, be outstanding, or to be accounted for under this Act, and shall, at the same Time,

Eay all the Monies which shall have been received by them respectively on account of the aforesaid duties, before the said twenty-fifth Day of December; and from thenceforth shall, some Time within two Months after the twenty-fifth Day of March, the twenty-fourth Day of June, the twenty-ninth Day of September, and the twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year, or at such other Times after the Expiration of the said two Months as may be appointed by the Head Distributor, or the Person or Persons so to be authorised to receive the said Duties, giving a previous Notice of fourteen Days, or more, by Advertisement in the London Gazette, or in the Newspaper, if any such there be, published in and for the County where such Head Distributor resides, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such Head Distributor, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, true Copies of the Accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such Companies or Assay Offices, for the Quarter which shall be completed before such Day of Delivery, or Notice, as the Case shall be; and, at the same Time, shall piy to such Head Distributor, or other Person or Persons so to be authorised as aforesaid, all Sums of Money which shall appear to be due upon such Accounts; under the Penalty of forfeiting, for every Default in not delivering such Accounts, the Sum of fifty Pounds; and for every Default in Payment of the Monies due on such Accounts, double the Amount of the said Monies due on the said Account at the Time of such Default.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Receiver General of the Stamp-duties, at the Head Office, and the said Head Distributor of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or other Person or Persons duly appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners of Stamp-duties to receive the Duties by this Act imposed, shall make an Allowance to all and every the Clerks, Accountants, or other Person or Persons so appointed by such Companies or Assay Offices respectively, for their Trouble in originally receiving the said Duties, and making out such Account as is herein-before directed, at and after the Rate of Sixpence in the Pound out of the Monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to such Receiver General, or Head Distributor, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, according to the Direction$ herein-before contained.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever, from and after the said first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall call, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be call, forged, or counterfeited, the Mark or Stamp used, or directed to be used in pursuance of this Act, for the Marking or Stamping of Gold or Silver Plate by the Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or the Birmingham or Sheffield Company, or by the Wardens, or Assayer or Aflayers at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall cast, forge, or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be cast, forged, or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, in Imitation of, or to refembie any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, made or to be made with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield Company, or by the said Wardens, or Assayer or Aflayers, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall mark or (lamp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, any wrought Piate of Gold or Silver, or any Wares of Brass or other base Metal silvered or gilt over and resembling Plate of Gold or Silver, with any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited at any Time either before, on, or after the said first Day of December* one thousand seven hundred and eishty-four, in Imitation of, or to refembie any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield Companies, or by the said Wardens, or Assayer or Aflayers, or by any Maker or Workgjf

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

54- 5*

Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to or fliill remove be transposed or removed from one Piece of wrought Plate' to another, or to any Vessel of such base Metal as aforesaid, any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, made or to be made by or with any Mark or ®fwrooehtP'i'*e» Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or Stampto b« by the said Birmingham or Sheffield Companies, or by the said Wardens, or Afiayer or A flayers, or by »fed by the t»-4

any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall fell, exchange, or expose Comp.nie.or to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, any wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, or any Veil'd of such base A,£>er’- &c-Metal as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or Impression thereon, or any ex orein p«i Mark, Stamp, or Impression which hath been or shall be trail'posed or removed from any other Piece of Plate, knowing such Matk, Stamp, or Impression, to be forged, counterfeited, or transposed or removed counterfeit as aforesaid; or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any Mark or Stamp which hath been Stamp thereon, or shall be forged or counterfeited, in Imitation of, and to resemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used &c* as aforesaid by the said Company of Gddlmiths in London or, or by the said Birmingham and

Sheffield Companies, or by the said Wardens, or Assayer or Aflayers, or by any Maker or Worker of Goid or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; every such Person offending in any such or either of the fl,n puffer Cases aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death »«Fe-Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy. Ion.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and Penaltle* bow distributed in Manner following; that is to say. One Moiety thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his to be «RvideJ, Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts at, for Offences committed in

England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Proecdion, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties herein-before granted Dutie«tol»epa;a shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the *" '*>e Receiver Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the Gentr*‘ of Duties, and pay the same, the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the lame being hU' "'w deduded, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties now ,"t0 the Ex. charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and in the Office of the chequer, Auditor of the said Receipt there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies Auditor to pro. arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and videaBcob, i« apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account which ‘he Du. whatsover; and the said Money so to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a 1,18,1 be Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

Application the eof.

---

[Defendants may plead the General Issue,]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons, and Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall or may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's become nonsuited,

[and recover Treble Costs.]

then such Defendant or Defendants shall ln<! "'o'er have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third

[11 & 12 Gul. 3. Cap. 19, recited.]

(intituled, An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties), it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the greater Number of them, within the Limits of their Commissions, upon Presentment made by the Grand Jury or Grand Juries, at the Assizes, Great Sessions, and General Gaol Delivery, of the Insufficiency or Inconveniency of their Gaol or Prison, to conclude and agree upon such Sum or Sums of Money as, upon Examination of able and sufficient Workmen, shall be thought necessary for the building, finishing, or repairing a Publick Gaol or Gaols belonging to the County whereof they are Justices of the Peace, and to charge such Sum or Sums of Money upon the several Hundreds, or other Divisions of the County: And whereas it has been found difficult to carry the said Act into Execution; whereby the Gaols in many Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns, Liberties, or Precincts, have continued in a very ruinous State for a considerable Time, and have become prejudicial to the Health of the Prisoners, and insufficient for the safe Custody of them:' For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[

That, from and after T n- DaV of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace in and for every County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precind, within England and Wales, at their respective General Quartet Sessions of the Peace, or the major Part of

v.

if Sc 11 Gul. Cap. 19, recited.

From Sept, t, 1784, the Juf. tices in Setfionj, throughout England and Wale.,

582

upon Frefent-ment by the Grand Jury, m?y order County GjoIi to be rc-built or enlarged,

Justices to g>ve publick Notice previous to their taking Present-mfi/iti into Con Adoration^ 8tc,

Contracts to be entered in a Book,

Justicei may

build a new Gaol in any Parc of the County, kc, if the Presentrrlbnt points out the Improper Situation of the old ene.

New Gaols to be divided into le« veral distinct Apartments,

*4 Geo. J, Cap. 59«

fuflices may purchase Lands, bk;ifei, &c. for enlarging and accom modating

Gaols,

Plifnners maybe removed for the building a new Gaol, or repair-ifcg the old one*

C. 54-

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Scil* 2.

the said Justices then and there assembled, such major Part not being in Number less than Seven, upon Preferment made by the Grand Jury or Grand Juries, at the Aflfaes, Great Sessions, or General Gaol Delivery, held for every such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precin&,of the Insufficiency, Inconveniency, or want of Repair, of any Gaol belonging to such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the building, rebuilding, finishing, repairing* or enlarging such Gaol, and the Yards, Courts, and Outlets thereof, and adding such other Buildings, and making such Conveniences as shall be adjudged requisite by the said Justices, at a certain Sum, Payment, or Allowance for the fame; or for erecting any new Gaol, upon any Scite or Ground within any Distance not exceeding two Miles from the Scite of the old Gaol, and in that Case for selling the old Gaol, and the Scite thereof, and Land thereto belonging, or any Part thereof respectively, and also the Materials of the old Gaol, for the best Price that can be procured for the fame; such Contractor or Contractors giving sufficient Security, for the due Performance of their Contracts or Agreements, to the respective Clerks of the Peace for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices of the Peace, after such Presentment made as aforesaid, shall, at the next General Quarter Sessions to be holden for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, give Notice, three Times at least, in some Publick Paper or Papers circulating in or near such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, of such Presentment having been made, and of their Intention to take the same into Consideration at the next ensuing, or some following General Quarter Sessions; and after such Consideration shall have been had, the said Justices shall give Notice in such publick Paper or Papers as aforesaid, of their Intention of contracting with any Person or Persons for building, rebuilding, finishing, repairing, or enlarging such Gaol, as aforesaid, and of every other Matter or Thing intended to be done in consequence of such Presentment; and such Contract or Contracts shall be made and entered into*at the most reasonable Rates, and with the most responsible Persons; and every such Contractor shall give sufficient Security for the due Performance of his Contract, to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct;'and all Contracts when made, and all Orders relating thereto, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, who is hereby required to keep the same, among the Records of such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, to be* inspected at all seasonable Times by any of the said Justices, or by any other Person or Persons contributing to the Rates of such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, without Fee or Reward*

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace to build any new Gaol, in any Part of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, in case fin the Presentment made of the Inconvenience of such old Gaol) it be expressly presented, that the Place wherein the old Gaol is situate is improper, and that the said Gaol ought to be removed to some other Part of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct; and in case three fourths in Number of the Justices assembled at two successive Quarter Sessions (Notice having been given three Times at least, in some publick Newspaper circulating as aforesaid, of the Time of the holding, and of the Place to which such Gaol is intended to be removed) shall approve of such Removal, but not otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, as well in the Choice of the Ground, as in determining upon the Plans for building, rebuilding, enlarging, or altering such Gaols as aforesaid, and the Yards, Courts, and Outlets thereof, shall, as far as conveniently may be, pursue such Measures, and adopt such Plans, as shall provide separate and distinct Places of Confinement, and dry and airy Cells, in which the several Prisoners of the following Descriptions respectively may be confined, as well by Day as by Night; namely, Prisoners convicted of Felony; Prisoners committed on Charge or Suspicion of Felony; Prisoners committed for, or adjudged to be guilty of, Misdemeanors only; and Debtors; the Males of each Class to be separated from the Females; and a separate Place of Confinement to be provided fer such Prisoners as are intended to be examined as Witnesses on Behalf of any Prosecution of any Indictment for Felony; and also, separate Infirmaries, or Sick Wards, for the Men and the Women; and also a Chapel, and convenient warm and cold Baths, or Bathing Tubs, for the Use of the Prisoners, in such* Manner as is directed by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preserving the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, and preventing the Gaol Distemper; and Care CO* be taken that the Prisoners shall not be kept in any Apartments under Ground.

V. And whereas the Gaols within and belonging to several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns, Liberties, and Precincts, and the Yards, Courts, and Outlets thereof, are very small, close, and confined, and such Gaols are thereby rendered very unhealthy, from the Impossibility of accommodating the unhappy Persons confined therein with a sufficient supply of fresh Air,«Water, and other necessary Conveniences be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices (after Presentment made as aforesaid) shall have full Power and Authority to purchase any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Ways, Waters, and Watercourses, for the Purpose of building, enlarging, and accommodating such Gaols; and to direct the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Ease-ments, and Privileges, which shall have been so purchased as aforesaid, to be conveyed to such Person or Persons as the said Justices shall think fit, in Trull and for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; and such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, when inclosed and added thereto, shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of such Gaols, and to be Part of such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, where such Gaol is fuuated, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever the said Justices of the Peace, in their said General Quarter Sessions assembled, shall deem it necessary that the Felons, Debtors, and other Prisoners, shall be removed, either for the Purpose of repairing their old Gaol, or using the Matena

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54.

thereof in building a new Gaol, on giving sufficient Notice to the Sheriff of such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sheriff to remove such Felons, Debtors, and other Prisoners, to the House or Houses of Correction belonging to such County,

Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, or such other Place or Places of Confinement as the said Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, with the Consent of the said Sheriff, shall approve of, and to confine them there during the Time such new Gaol shall be building, or old Gaol repairing or enlarging; and that when such Gaol shall be made fit for the Reception and safe keeping of such Felons, Debtors, and other Prisoners, then it shall be lawful for the said Sheriff to remove thither all such Felons, Debtors, and other Prisoners as shall then be in fiis Custody; and the Expence of such Removal or Removals to and from such Place or Places of Confinement, and the Expence which may be incurred by the said Sheriff on account of the safe Custody of such Prisoners in such House of Correction, or other Place or Places, shall be allowed and paid by such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precind; and such Removal or Removals as aforesaid shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge the Sheriff or Gaoler from being answerable for the actual Escape of any Prisoner in his Custody.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace, in their respective General Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorised to nominate and appoint one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of and for their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns,

Liberties, or Precincts, tovifitand superintend the Gaols thereunto belonging, and from Time to Time to make a Report of the State thereof to the Court of the said General Quarter Sessions; which Court is hereby authorised, upon such Report, to order and direct any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of two hundred Pounds in anyone Year, to be laid out upon the Repair or Repairs of such Gaols,

29 they shall deem requisite (notwithstanding such Want of Repair shall not have been presented by the Grana Jury or Grand Juries, at the Assizes, Great Sessions, or General G^ol Delivery, for such County,

Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, as aforesaid); and if it shall at any Time happen that the said Gaols, or any of them, by any Breach being made in the same, from Attempts of Prisoners to escape, or other Casualties or Accidents, shall be rendered unsafe for the Custody of the Prisoners therein confined, between the several Times of holding the General Quarter Sessions, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precincf, to order the Damages occasioned thereby to be immediately so far repaired as may be necessary and sufficient fot the safe Custody of such Prisoners; and such Justice or Justices shall report the same to the next Court of General Quarter Sessions to be holden for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town*

Liberty, or Precinct, which Court is hereby authorised to order the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been necessarily expended in such Reparation or Reparations as aforesaid.

VIII. And, in order to defray the Expences of building, rebuilding, finishing, repairing, or enlarging Erpences 0fre

such Gaols, and the Yards, Courts, and Outlets thereto belonging as aforesaid, and of purchasing building or rc.

Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, and other the Ex- P4lrin8 County

pences necessary for the Execution of this Act \ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That tobr

in all such Cases where such Gaols are repaired at the Expence of the County, Riding, Division, City, y

Town, Liberty, or Precin&, to which the same belong, the Justices of the Peace, at their General

Quarter Sessions, may and shall cause such Sums of Money, as shall be necessary for all or any of the r

Purposes aforesaid, to be raised in the same Manner as Rates are directed to be raised by two Acts made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the j/ Geo. '* more easy offerings collectings and levying of County Rates. ^ Cap. ig,

I A* And whereas the Expences of building, rebuilding, enlarging, or removing and fitting up Gaols,

may in some Cases become very burthensome on the Occupiers of Land, and other the Contributors to the County Rates, in case the said Expences should be raised in the Manner herein-before mentioned f be it therefore enacted, That when it shall appear that the Amount of any Estimate approved by the Juf-rices for the building, rebuilding, enlarging, or removing and fitting up any Gaol or Gaols, under the inmate for"* Powers of this Act, mall exceed one Half of the Amount of the ordinary Annual Assessment for the County building, ea. Rate for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct (such ordinary Assessment ,arri"g. &c. to be taken on a mean Proportion of the said Rate for the last five Years preceding), that then, and in such jb^betery Case, it shall and may be lawful for the justices of the Peace, within the respective Limits of their Com- tices ins*rruf~ hriffions, so assembled in their Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, from Time to Time to borrow and take up, may mortgage on Mortgage of the Rates herein mentioned, by Instruments in the Form contained in the Schedule here- the Rates, &c*. unto annexed, or to that or the like Effect, any Sums not less than fifty Pounds, nor exceeding one hundred Pounds each, at legal or lower Interest, as to them, or the major Part of them (such major Part not being less than five), shall appear necessary and expedient for the Purposes aforesaid; and to secure all and *yerV such Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates to be raised up^n such

County, Riding* Division, City, Town, Liberty, and Precinct respectively; and the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised to treat and agree with any Person or Persons for the Loan of any such Sum or Sums of Money, and by their Order to confirm and establish every such Agreement as aforesaid; anb every such Agreement so established by such Order, and signed by the Chairman, and two Agreements b* or more Justices prefen t at the Time of making such Order, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be Order or the efredlual for securing to the Person or Persons so advancing any Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Juices signed Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and every such Sum or Sums of Money, with lmercft for the by the fame, on such Terms as in and by such Agreement or Agreements respectively shall be for that Purpose stipulated; and Copies or Extracts of all such Agreements or Securities shall be kept with the Clerk, of the curiiy,.

Eeace, or other proper Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter Sessions of such County,

Riding, Division, City* Town, Liberty, or Precinct respectively -y and all and every Person and Persons

583

Such Removal not to be deemed' an Escape.

Quarter S*flion* may appoint a Jofiice toinfpcH the County Gaols, and to report the Stale* there »f to the Court*

Accidental Damages may be repaired by Or* der of a justitet

58+

.‘Seeorttiet miy ke ir-ms/eried.

To what Extent the Justicei may charge the

'County Rates.

A tegular Account to be entered in a Book of all Receipti and Payments under this Act;

which shall be inspected by the Justices at every Sessiont, Sec*

Money borrowed under this Act to be paid within a limited Time.

Bodies Politick, Sec. may sell and convey Linda,

Ac.

Purchase Money, exceeding lool. to be laid ^oc in Purchase of Lands, Sec4 subject to the &mc Uses, Ac#

And until such Porchafei are »>*. the Mo-acy to be laid vut in Govern-TT2er*t Securities.

C. 54. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Sess. 2,

to whom any such Security or Securities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby impowered (by indorsing his, her, or their Name or Names on the Back of such Security or Securities) to transfer and assign the same, and his, her, or their Right to the principal Money and Interest thereby securtd, unto any Person or Persons; and every such Afligriee may in like Manner transfer the same again, and so toties quoties; and the Person or Persons to whom such Security or Securities, or any such Assignment thereof, shall be made, and his or their respective Executors, Adm nistrators, and Assigns, shall be Creditors upon the said Rares in an equal Degree one with another, and shall not have any Preference with respect to the Priority of any Monies so advanced.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices are hereby authorised and required, not only to charge the Rates to be raised upon such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, with the Interest of the Money so borrowed on such Securbies, but also with the Payment of a further Sum, equal at least to the Sum so charged for the Interest of such Securities; which said Sums shall be afleffedon such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, in such Manner as County Rates aredirested tobeaffelled by the Laws now in being, and paid and applied, under the Direction of the said Justices, in Discharge of the Interest, and of so many of the principal Sums on the said Securities as such Money will extend to discharge in each Year, until the Whole of the Money for which such Securities shall be made, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said Justices are required to fix one or more Day or Days in each Year, on which such Payment shall be made, and shall make Orders for Assessments in due Time, so as to provide for the regular Payment thereof; and they are hereby required to appoint a proper Person to keep an exact and regular Account of all the Receipts and Payments under the Authority of this Act, in a Book or Books, separate and apart from all other Accounts, and the same to adjust and settle in such Manner that it may easily be seen what Interest is growing due, and what principal Money has been discharged, and what remains due; and the said Book or Books foadjufted and settled, to deliver into Court at every General or Quarter Sessions to be held for any such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct; and the said Justices are required, at every such Sessions, carefully to inspect all such Accounts, and make Orders for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, in such Manner as to them shall seem meet; and if at any Time it shall appear to the said Justices, that the Person so appointed has neglected the said Order, and has not duly, and without Delay, applied the Money in his Hands to the Purposes hereby directed, such Person shall forfeit double the Amount of the Money which shall not have been applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the said Justices, so assembled in Session as aforesaid, shall dire SI in what Order such Securities shall be discharged, by drawing Lots, or otherwise, as they shall think fit, first discharging all such Securities which shall bear the highest Interest.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, in Thftir respective Quarter Sessions, shall, and they are hereby required to make Provisions by Means of the Rates (which they are hereby authorised to make), and by their Orders and Directions (which they are hereby authorised to give), in such Manner, that the whole Money to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act shall be fully paid and discharged within a Time to be limited, not exceeding fourteen Years from the Time of borrowing the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and also for all Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, and Atrorrties, of any Person or Persons being Infants, Lunaticks, Idiots, under Coverture, or any other Disability, and also for all other Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any Houses, Buildings Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, which shall be deemed nereflary for the Purposes of this Act, to contract or agree for, and to fell, convey, and assure such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, unto such Person or Persons as shall be named determined by the Justices, in Trust, and for the Purpose of erecting new Gaols, or enlarging the old Gaols, and the Yards, Courts, and Outlets thereunto belonging; and all such Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall be agreed to be paid to any Corporation, Guudian, Committee, Husband, Trustee, or Attorney, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Lunaticks. Idiots. Femes Covert, or Ctftuique Trust, or to any other Person or Persons whose Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, shall be limited in strict Settlement, for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall, in case such Sums of Money shall exceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds, be laid out by such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, or Attornies, or any Person or Persons seised of such Houses, Buildings, Lards, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, so limited in strict Settlement, as soon aB conveniently may be, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee Simple, to be conveyed to or to the Use of such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, or Attornies, and to and for such Person or Persons, and for such Estate and Estates, and to, for, and upon, and subject to such Uses, Limitations, Remainder, and Contingencies, as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, for and in respect whereof such Purchase Money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall be limited, settled, and assured, at the Time such Purchase or Contact shall be made in Manner aforesaid, or such as shall then be capable of taking Effect; the Charges of such Conveyances and S ulcments to be paid in the same Manner as the other Expences relating to the Gaol; ?nd in the mean Time, and till such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, such Money, whether the same ftnll or dial) nor exceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds, shall be laid out by such Corporations, or other Persons for the Time being interested therein, in some Government Securities, in the Names of two Per-

IfthePirtiei refute to UCAt, &c*

the VaJuetoW ascertained by it Jurj.

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54, 585

fans, one to be nominated by the Party or Parties for the Time being interested therein, and the other by the Justices aforesaid j and the Intereil arising from such Securities shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, in case the same had not been fold, or would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, ia case the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further eroded, That if any such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Huftnnds,

Trustees, and Attornies, or any Person or Persons for the Time being interested in any such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, which shall be deemed necessary for the Purposes of building or enlarging any such Gaol, and other the Purposes of this Act, upon Notice in Writing to him, her, or them, given, or left at the House or Houses, or other Place or PI >ces of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Corporation, shall, for the Space of twenty-one Days after such Notice so given or left as aforesaid, neglect or re'use to treat, or shall refuse to accept such Price as shall be offered by the Justices or their Agent, or (hdl otherwise not agree for the Sale of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, or if, by reason of Absence or Incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such Sale, then, and in every such Case, the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions, or any two or more of them appointed for that Purpose, shall cause the Vs^ue of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, of Precind, wherein the same shall be fuuated; and to that End shall summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath (which Oath any one or more of such Justices of the Peace is and are hereby impowered to administer) any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Justices of the Peace, or any two of them, shall, by orderinga View, or otherwise, use all Ways and Means for the Information of themselves and of such Jury in the Premises; and when such Jury shall have enquired of and ascertained the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, the said Justices of the Peace shall thereupon order that the Sum or Sums which shall so appear to be the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, shall be paid in such Manner as is herein-before directed touching the Money to be paid for such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments,

Easements, or Privileges, for Sale whereof the Person or Persons interested shall contract and agree in Manner aforesaid; which Verdict or Inquisition, and Order, shall be filed of Record by the Clerk of the Verdict of Jury

Peace, or other Officer having tn^ Custody of the Records of the said County, Riding, Division, City, &c, tobefinaU

Town, Liberty, or Precind, and fhftl be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming, or to claim, in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Persons

under Coverture, or any other Disability whatsoever. Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands,

Trustees, and Attornies, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

XV. And, for the summoning and returning such Juries, be it further enacted, That such Justices of- Hbwthejary

the Peace, or any two of them, may id ue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff or Bailiff of any par- be fom-ticular County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precind, within the Limits of which the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, shall be situated, requiring him to immpanel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of twenty-four Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, to appear before the said Justices, or any two of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff’ or Bailiff is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and, out of the Persons so impannelled* summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the Justices of the Peace, or any two of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to draw by Ballot, and to (wear or cau(e to be sworn, twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and, in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, the said Sheriff or Bailiff shall take such other honest and indifferent Men of the Bystanders, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number twelve 5 and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn: And the said Justices of the Peace, or any two of them, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose a Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or Bailiff, or his Depury or De- Juices may

puties, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned the Sheriff,

on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be lwotn on the said Jury, or, be- majL*

ing sworn, shall refuse to give, or shall not give a Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect c auU* hisor their Duty therein 5 and also on any Person who, being summoned and required to give Evidence

before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn or to give Evidence, so that no such Fine be more than ten Pounds, nor kfs than twenty Shillings, on any one Person for one Offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict for more Money, as the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, so to be purchased, than what shall have been offered for the Purchase thereof by the said to defrayed Justices of the Peace, or their Agent, to any Person capable of contracting for the same, the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid out of the same*

Fund as the Expences of the Buildings to be erected thereon; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a,

Y^rdift for no more, or for less Money, than the Money which shall have been so offered by such Justices of the Peace, or their Agent, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom such Con&roversy of

Disputo*

moned.

JurymfiY way b« challenged*

586

On Payment of Psmh.Uc-money for Lands, &c, JuVrcr* tray

f?kc Pofltffion ifctxco/.

€Iaof« relative toth feCountiei which are di-yid-d inlj several Riding*, &C#

Ko Jufliee acting under this Act, to br intereiied in any Contract; &c.

From Se9t I, 1784, Jxllitrl

may appoint Salaries to Gaoler?, in lrru of Profit* anfing from the Sale of Liquors. County Tiea-surer to pay the SJarits.

Chairman of the Sf toons nof to fjun a Certificate for any such Foment, unless the Saiaties have betn <ctfIce*1 at a Clener-il Quarter ixtoons, 5fC.

C. 54.. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. SelE 2.'

Dispute, touching the Valufc of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, shall a rile.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, upon Payment of the Money so ordered to be paid for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, or

iupon Refusal or Inability to receive the same) leaving the same in the Hands of such Person as the ustices in their Quarter Sessions shall appoint, for the Use of the Party or Parties intitled thereto; or in case of the said Party or Parties not being to be found, then, upon Notice to be published in some Paper or Papers circulating in or near the said County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precind, where such Gaol is to be built or enlarged, of the Payment or Investment of such Purchase money, the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, so purchased, shall vest in the Person or Persons who shall be authorised to take and hold the same by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices, or any two of them, their Workmen or Agents, to enter upon and take possession of and make use of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, and every Part thereof 5 and thereupon all such Persons and Parties who were the Owners or Occupiers thereof, shall be diverted of all Right and Title in and to the same, and every Part thereof.

XVIII. And whereas, in several Counties in England, there are several and distinct Commissions of c Justices of the Peace for the several Ridings cfr'Divisions into which such Counties are.divided, and several and distinct Courts of Sessions of the Peace aie holden for each of such Ridings or Divisions respectively, and in such Counties there are not any Courts of General or Quarter Sessions holden for the whole County at large ;’ be it therefore enacted, That in all such Counties as aforesaid it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace in and for such several Ridings or Divisions respectively, and they are hereby required, at the General Quarter Sessions which shall be holden next after such Preferment of the Gaol shall have been made as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint three or more Justices of the Peace in and for such Riding or Division for which such General Quarter Sessions shall be holden, which said Justices of the Peace, so nominated and appointed by each of such Ridings or Divisions, are hereby authorised and required, within one Calendar Month after such Nomination and Appointment as aforesaid (due Notice thereof having been previously given to such Justices, by the Cleric of the Peace of such Divisions respectively), to meet and assemble at such Gaol which shall have been so presented as aforesaid; and the said |Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, then there assembled, (such major Part not being less than five in Number), shall hold a Special Sessions at the said Gaol, for the Purpose of receiving Plans, and contracting for the building, rebuilding, repairing, enlarging, or altering, such Gaol, and the Yards, Courts, and Outlets thereto belonging, under the like Restrictions, and subject to the like Regulations, as are herein-before by this Act made and provided for such Counties as are not divided into such Ridings or Divisions, in Manner as aforesaid; and the said last mentioned Justices of the Peace shall make their Report to the General Quartet Sessions of the Peace of such Ridings or Divisions respectively, of the several Plans, Estimates, and Contracts, which shall have been made and entered into in Manner aforesaid, and also a Report of the Sum or Sums of Money necessary to be raised and levied on each Riding or Division, as their Quota or Proportion of the Expence to be incurred on the several Accounts aforesaid; which said Sum or Sums of Money shall be raised and levied on each Riding or Division, in like Manner as County Rates are now raised and levied.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace who shall, under the Authority of this Act, do any Matter or Thing in the Execution hereof, shall be capable of having any beneficial Interest or Concern whatsoever, either in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person in Trust for him, in any Contract or Agreement to be made under the Authority of this Act, or shall, for any Design or Plan he may deliver or produce, receive any Benefit or Emolument whatsoever.

XX. And whereas the preventing Gaolers from selling any Liquors, or deriving any Profit from the Sale of Liquors, may be a great Means of preventing Drunkenness, Riots, and other Disorders in Gaols, and of preserving good Order therein; and it may be proper to give sufficient Power and Authority to the Justices of the Peace in their Sessions, in certain cases, to allow Salaries to Gaolers in lieu of the Profits which are now derived from the Sale of Liquors;’ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precind, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of JValesy at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some special Adjournment of the same, held for such express Purpose, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, if it shall appear to them necessary or proper, to appoint such Salaries or Allowances to/uch Gaolers and their Assistants, in the several Gaols within their respective Jurisdictions, and to vary the same, from Time to Time, as to them shall seem meet; and to order and direct the said Salaries and Allowances to be paid out of the County Rate, by the Treasurer of such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precind, upon a Certificate,*signed by the Chairman of such Quarter Sessions, specifying the Salaries and Allowances so directed to be made.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Chairman of any Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, to sign such Certificate for such Salaries or Allowances to be granted under this Act, unless such Salaries or Allowances shall have been settled at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some special Adjournment thereof, and Notice shall have been given fourteen Days at least before the holding such General Quarter Sessions, or such Adjournment thereof, by two several Advertisements inserted in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precind, in which such Gaols are situated, and where such Salaries or Allowances are to be granted to the Gaolers, of an intended Application for the granting such Salaries

nr

r

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

C.SV J»7

or Allowances; which fafJ Advertisements shall be signed by the Clerk of the Peace of such County Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, or his Deputy, for the Time being.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Gaoler, or any Person or Persons in Trust for or employed by such Gaoler, shall suffer Tippling or Gaming in such Prison; or shall sell or dispose of, or permit or suffer to be sold or disposed of, or be capable of being licensed to sell or dispose of, any Wine, Beer, Ale, or other Liquors; or have any beneficial Interest or Concern whatsoever in the Sale or Disposal of any Liquors of any Kind, or in any Tap-house, Tap-room, or Tap, under the Penalty of ten Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, Divisioo, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, within which such Gaol is situated (which Warrant such Justices are hereby required to grant), upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justices* are hereby impowered to administer); and the said Penalty, after the Charges of recovering the same shall be deduced, shall be paid one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the rrisoners confined within such Gaol; and in case fufKcient Distress caonot be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form, or to the like Effect; that is to say.

From Jvne tf, 1785, oo Gaoler to fuffin Tippling or Gatning, or to fell Liquor!, in »of such Prison, on Penalty of ?ol. to be recovered bj Difheft.

Application

thereof.

On Failure of Distrefi, the Offender may be committed.

How Justice* to

proceed for Con-vision of Offender!.

County.

&V.

of

D E it remembered, That on the

D *____r L" Ti/T

Day of

in the

A.B. ts convicted before

the Reign of his Majesty of his Majestys Justices 0/the Peace for the said County, or Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct [as the Case shall be], by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of the Act, and specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed. J

Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Tear aforesaid.

Tear of F arm of Conviction.

Limitation of ACtlODI.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and

not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General General Iffde# Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her* or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff of Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise. Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Coifs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, shall take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

Treble Co ft*.

Poblkk Act,

I

The SCHEDULE herein-before referred to.

FORM of Mortgage and Chargd upon the County Rates for securing the Money borrowed.

jpE A.B. one of his Majestys Justices of the Peace, and Chairman of the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, «c. of (as the Case shall be), holden at

Day of C.D. and E.F. Esquires, two other of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace aiding for the said County, &c. and assembled in the said Court, in pursuance of the Powers to us given by an Act passed in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, &c. [insert the Title of the Act], do hereby, in open Court, mortgage and charge all the Rates to be raised within *h* said County, &c. (a3 the Case shall be), under the Description of County Rates, by the Laws new in being, with the Payment of the Sum of which G. H. of hath pro-

posed^ and agreed to lend, and hath now aft it ally advanced and paid towards defraying the Expence s of building, rfPffiring, &c. (as the Case shall be), the Gaolfor the said County, &c. And we do hereby confirm and efta~ Mijhthe fame unto the said G. H- his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for securing the Repayment of the said Sum of and Interest for the fabie, after the Rate of

Per Centum per Annum; and do order the Treasurer for such County, &c. or other Person (as the Case shall *0 pay the interest of the said Sum of \ half-yearly, as the same shall become

until the Principal shall be discharged pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Sess. 2,

5S8 C. 55.

Preamble, Recital of fti Geo. 3. Cap.

Justices wh^ hate not inspected into the State of the Houset of Correction within their Limits, according to the Direction of the recited Act, may do it, and execute the same, at the next Quarter Sessions, Ac,

CAP. LV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction; reciting, amongst other Things, That in many Counties the Houses of Correction were insufficient in Number or deficient in Building, and the Apartments in them were very ill accommodated to the Purposes for which they were intended, by Means whereof, and from a Want of due Order, Employment, and Discipline in such Houses of Correction, the Persons sent thither for Correction and Reformation frequently grew more difTolute and abandoned during their Continuance in such Houses, it was enacted, That the Justices of Peace in every County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, and Precinct, within England and Wales, at their respective Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden next after Midsummer from the Time of parting the said Act, should, and they were thereby required to nominate one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, Divisions, or Districts, whom they should think most proper, to examine and inspect the several Houses of Correction within the same; and the Justice or Justices so to be nominated were required carefully and diligently to inspect the same with all convenient Speed, and report his or their Opinion to the Justices of their respective Jurisdictions at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions then next following (as to the State and Condition thereof, and the Increase of Number, or Additions or Alterations which they might judge necessary to make them more convenient and useful, having regard to the darting of the several persons who mould be kept there, according to the Nature of their Crimes and Punishments, and to the providing proper Places for the Employment of such Persons who were committed to hard Labour,

and to the keeping every Part of such Prisons clean and wholesome; and the said Justice or Justices so to be nominated, were thereby required to employ proper and skilful Persons to make Plans and Estimates of new Buildings, or the Additions or Alterations which he or they should think necessary in the present Buildings, to make them answer the several Purposes of the said Act; which Plans, together with the Report of the said Justice or Justices, were to be laid before the Court at the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions; or if, from any Difficulties or Accidents, such Reports should not happen to be made at that Sessions, then, and in that Case, the same should be made at or before the Epiphany Quarter Sessions then next following); which Court was thereby authorised and required to consider the same, and if they approved such Plan9, they might adjourn the Quarter Sessions to a further Day,

for receiving Proposals from Persons inclined to undertake such Work, of which due Notice should Be published, and then to contract with such Persons whom they should think most proper to do the same,

or if they disapproved such Plans or Estimates, to direct such others to be made as they should think fit,

and adjourn their Quarter Sessions to some further Day, to receive firch new Plans and Estimates, and also Proposals from Persons inclined to undertake the Work; and the Justices, in settling and adjusting such Plans, were thereby required to provide separate Apartments for all Persons committed upon Charges of Felony, or convicted of any Theft or Larceny, and committed to the House of Correction for Punishment by hard Labour, under or by virtue of the Laws in being, in order to prevent any Communication between them and the other Prisoners; and also proper Apartments, covered or open, as should be found most convenient, for employing the several Persons who were to be kept to hard Labour; and they were also to provide separate Apartments, in each Division of the said House of Correction, for the Women who shouW be committed thither; and the said Justices, at their General Quarter Sessions, were thereby impowered, from Time to Time, upon any such Report to them made,

to make such Order thereupon as to them should seem just, and the Nature of the Case might require:

And whereas the Justices of the Peace, within many of the said Jurisdictions, have omitied to make such Nomination, and to cause the necessary Examinations, Inspections, and Proceedings to be made within the Times prescribed by the said Act, whereby the wholesome Regulations, and the Benefit intended by the said Act, will be loft to the Publick within such Jurisdictions, unless further Time be 1 given for that Purpose;’ for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Precinct, within England and Wales, who have omitted to examine and inspect into the State of the Houses of Correction within their respective Limits, and to proceed in repairing, altering, and regulating the same, according to the Directions and Intention of the said recited Act, to enquire into, examine, inspect, and fully to execute and enforce the same, at the next or any subsequent Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden after the passing of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or might have done if they had proceeded therein at the Quarter Sessions held next after Afidsummer, Michaelmas or Christmas from the Time of parting the said Act; any Thing the rein, or in any other Act, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas the Expences of building, rebuilding, enlarging, or removing and fitting, up Houses of Correction, may in some Cases become very burthensome on the Occupiers of Land, and other the Contributors to the County Rates, in case the said Expences should be raised in the Manner herein-! teforc mentioned be it therefore enacted, That where it shall appear that the Amount of any

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55. 589

approved by the justices, for the building, rebuilding, enlarging, or removing, and fitting up any House or Houses of Correction, under the Powers of this Act, shall exceed one Half of the Amount of the ordinary annual Assessment for the County Rate for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or rrecind (such ordinary Assessment to be taken on a mean Proportion of the said Rate for the last five Years preceding), that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, within the respective Limits of their Commissions, so assembled in their Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, from Time to Time to borrow and take up on Mortgage of the Rates herein-mentioned, by Instruments in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or to that or the like Effect, any Sums not less than fifty Pounds, nor exceeding one hundred Pounds each, at legal or lower Interest, as to them, or the major Part of them, such major Part not being less than five, shall appear necessary and expedient for the Purposes aforesaid, and to secure all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates to be raised upon such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, and Prccind respectively; and the said Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised to treat and agree with any Person or Persons for the Loan of any such Sum or Sums of Money, and by their Order to confirm and establish every such Agreement as aforesaid; and every such Agreement so eft abliffied by such Order, and signed by the Chairman and two or more Justices present at the Time of making such Order, flxalJ be, and the same is hereby declared to be effectual for securing to the Person or Persons so advancing any Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and every such Sum or Sums of Money, with Inrereft for the same, on such Terms as in and by such Agreement or Agreements respectively shall be for that Purpose stipulated; and Copies or Extrads of all such Agreements or Securities shall be kept with the Clerk of the Peace, or other proper Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter Sessions, of such County, Riding; Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precind respectively; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Security or Securities shall be made, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby impowered (by indorsing his, her, or their Name or Names on the Back of such Security or Securities) to transfer and assign the same, and his, her, or their Right to the principal Money and Interest thereby secured, unto any Person or Persons; and every such Assignee may in like Manner transfer the same again, and so totter quotiet\ and the Person or Persons to whom such Security or Securities, or any such Assignmenc thereof, shall be made, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be Creditors upon the said Rates, in an equal Degree one with another, and shall not have any Preference with respect to the Priority of any Monies so advanced.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, not only to charge the Rates to be raised upon such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, with the Interest of the Money so borrowed on such Securities, but also with the Payment of a further Sum, equal at lead to the Sum so charged for the Interest of such Securities; which said Sums shall be assessed on such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precind, in such Manner as County Rates are directed to be assessed by the Laws now in being, and paid and applied, under the Direction of the said Justices, in Discharge of the Interest, and of so many of the principal Sums on the said Securities as such Money will extend to discharge in each Year, until the Whole of the Money for which such Securities shall be made, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said Justices are required to fix one or more Day or Days in each Year, on which such Payment shall be made, and shall make Orders for Assessments in due Time, so as to provide for the regular Payment thereof; and they are hereby required to appoint a proper Person to keep an exact and regular Account of all the Receipts and Payments under the Authority of this Act, in a Book or Books separate and apart from all other Accounts, and the same to settle and adjust in such Manner that it may easily be seen what Interest is growing due, and what principal Money has been discharged, and what remains due; and the said Book or Books, so adjusted and settled, to deliver into Court at every General or Quarter Sessions to be held for any such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct; and the said Justices are required, at every such Sessions, carefully to insped all such Accounts, and make Orders for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, in such Manner as to them shall seem meet; and if at any Time it shall appear to the said Justices that the Person so appointed has neglected the said Order, and has not duly, and without Delay, applied the Money in his Hands to the Purposes hereby directed, such Person shall forfeit double the Amount of the Money which shall not have been applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the said Justices, so assembled in oession as aforesaid, shall direct in what Order such Securities shall be discharged* by drawing Lots or otherwise, as they shall think fit, first discharging all such Securities which shall bear the highest la-

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace in their respective 'Quarter Sessions shall, and they are hereby required to make Provisions by means of the Rates (which they are hereby authorised to make), and by their Orders and Directions (which they are hereby authored to give), in such Mariner that the whole Money to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act, hall be fully paid and discharged within a Time to be limited, not exceeding fourteen Years from the Time of borrowing the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where such Houses of Correction shall he pulled down, repaired, rebuilt, or enlarged, by the Authority of this Act, or any other Law in being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, in their Quarter Sessions assembled, to sell and dispose of the Materials of such old Houses of Correction, or such Parts thereof, and also of the Whole, or such Parts of the Scite or Ground belonging thereto as shall not be necessary to be used for or in the rebuilding, repairing, or enlarging such Houses of-Correction, at the belt Price or Prices that can or may be gotten for the fame; which Monies shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case of any such Purchase

When the Amount of any Estimace for building, enlarging, Ac, shall be very high, the Justices in Sessioo may mortgage the Rates, &Ci

Agreements by Order of the Justices, signed by the Chairman, Ac, to be an efte&uai Security.

Securities may be transferred*

To whit Extent the Justices may charge the County Rates*

A regular Ac- '

count to be entered in a Book of all Receipt* and Payments under this Act $ which shall be inspected by the Justices at every S.iTions, fee.

Money borrow* ed under this Adb to be paid within a limited Time,

Justices may dKpose of old Houses of Cor-i eft ion, and th* Ground on which ibey stand.

59°

Bodies Politick, See. may fell and inycy Liods, ^C»

Purchase Money, exceeding lool. to be laid out io Purchase of Lands, dec* subject to the ,feme Uics, &c.

And until such Purchases art made, the Money to be laid out in Govern-Bent Securities*

If the Parties refuse to ticar, AC#

ihe Value to be ascertained by a

July.

Veriifl of Jury, tit. to be Anal.

C. 55 a

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Sefl*. 2.

chafeof Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall exceed what is necessary to be so used or employed, the said Justices may sell and dispose of the same, and apply the Money to be raised by such Sale for the Purposes aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and also for all Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, and Attorn its of any Person or Persons, being Infants, Lunaticks, Ideots, under Coverture, or any other Disability, and also for all other Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, which shall be deemed necessary for the Purposes of this Act, to contrail pr agree for, and to fell, convey, and aflfure such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, unto such Person or Persons as shall be named by the Justices, in Trust, and for the Purpose of erecting new Houses of Correction, or enlarging the old Houses of Correction, and the Yards, Courts, and Outlets thereunto belonging; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall be agreed to be paid to any Corporation, Guardian, Committee, Husband, Trustee, or Attorney, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Lunaticks, ldeots, Eemes-covert, or Cestuique Trust, or to any other Person or Persons whose Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments^, Easements, and Privileges, shall be limited in strict Settlement for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall, in case such Sums of Money shall exceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds, be laid out by such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, or Attornies, or any Person or Persons seised of such Houses, Build* ings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, so limited in strict Settlement, as soon as conveniently may be, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee-Ample, to be conveyed to, or to the Use of such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, or Attornies, and to and for such Person or Persons, and for such Estate and Estates, and to, for, and upon, and subject to such Uses, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, for and in respect whereof such Purchase Money shaft be paid as aforesaid, shall be limited, settled, and allured at the Time such Purchase or Contract shall be made in Manner aforesaid, or such as shall then be capable of taking Effect; the Charges of such Conveyances and Settlements to be paid in the same Manner as the other Expences relating to the House of Correction; and in the mean Time, and till such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, such Money, whether the same shall or shall not exceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds, shall be laid out, by such Corporation, or other Persons for the Time being interested therein, in some Government Securities, in the Names of two Persons, one to be nominated by the Party or Parties for the Time being interested therein, and the other by the Justices aforesaid; and the interest arising from such Securities shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, sis would have been intitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, in case the same had not been fold, or would for the Time being be intitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, and Attornies, or any Person or Persons for the Time being interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, which shall be deemed necessary for the Purposes of building or enlarging any such House of Correction, and other the Purposes of this Act, upon Notice in Writing to him, her, or them given, or left at the House or Houses, or other Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Corporation, shall, for the Space of twenty-one Days after such Notice £o given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or fhalTTftuleTd accept such Price as shall be offered by the Justices or their Agents, or shall otherwise not agree for tneliaie or luen Houses, Buuaings, L»ands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, or if, by reason of Absence or Incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such Sale; then, and in such Case, the Justices of the Peace, at their General or General Quarter Sessions, or any two or more of them appointed for that Purpose, shall cause the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges. toTe inquired into and afrcrt2ined determined by a [ [urv _of. indifferent Men of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town* Liberty, or Precinct wherein the same than be luuated; and to that End shall summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath (which Oath any one or more of such Justices of the Peace is and are hereby empowered to administer) any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Justices of the Peace, or any two of them, shall, by ordering a View, or otherwise, use all Ways and Means for the Information of themselves, and of such Jury, in the Premises; and when such Jury shall have inquired of and ascertained the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, the said Justices of the Peace shall thereupon order that the Sum or Sums which shall so appear to be the Value of such Houses. Building?, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, shall be paid in such Manner as is herein-before directed, touching the Money to be paid for such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, for Sale whereof the Person or Persons interested shall contract and agree in Manner aforesaid; which Verdict or Inquifir tion, and Order, shall be filed of Record by the Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer having the Culcody of the Records of The fam Countyi Kid ing, LJivi lion, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, and shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim, in Post'ession, Remainder, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Lunaticks, ldeots, and Persons under Coverture, or any other Disability

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55.

whatsoever, Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, and Attornies, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

IX. And, for the summoning and returning such Juries, be it further enacted, That such Justices of the Peace, or any two of them, may issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff or Bailiff of any partial*, hr County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, within the Limits of which the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges shall be situated, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Tury of twenty Persons, qualified tS serve on Juries, to appear before the said Justices, or any two of them, at such lime and Place* as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff and Bailiff is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and, out of the Persons so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such as shall appear upon such Summons, the Justices of the Peace, or any two of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to draw by Ballot, and to swear or cause to be sworn* twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and, in Default of afuf&cient Number of Jurymenfo returned, the said Sheriff or Bailiff shall take such other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily fre procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number\Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn: And the said Justices of the Peace, or any two of them, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose a Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff or Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies making Default in the Premises; and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give, or (frail not give a Ygrdi£L or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their-Duty therein; and also on any Person who, being summoned and required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be fworit or to give Evidence; so that no such Fine be more than ten Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, oa any one Person for one Offence.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict for more

Money, as the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges so to be purchased, than what shall haveDeen offered for the Purchase thereof by the said Justices of the Peace, or their Agents, to any Person capable of contraQing for the same, the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid out of the same Fund as the Expences of the Buildings to be erected thereon; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict for no more, or for less Money than the Money which shall have been so offered by such Tuiticcs of The Peace» or TKeir Agent, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury ind Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom such Controversy or Dispute, touching the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, shall arise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, upon Payment of the Money so ordered to be paid for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, or upon Refusal or Inability to receive the same, leaving the same in the Hands of such Person as the Justices in their Quarter Sessions shall appoint, for the Use of the Party or Parties intitled thereto, or in case of the said Party or Parties not being to be found, then, upon Notice to be published in some. Paper or Papers circulating in or near the said County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty^ or Precinct, where such House of Correction is to be built or enlarged, of the Payment or Investment of such Purchase Money, the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, so purchased, shall vest in the Person or Persons who shall be authorised to take and hold the same by virtue of this Act, forihe Purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices, or any two of them, their Workmen or Agents, to enter upon, and take Possession of, and make use of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, and every Part thereof; apd thereupon all such Persons and Parties who were the Owners or Occupiers thereof, shall be divested of all Right and Title in and to the same, and every Part thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are, or shall be, by any Act of Parliament, authorised or impowered to convict any Person or Persons before him or them, in a summary Way, without the Intervention of a Jury, it shall and may be lawful, from and after such the passing of this Act, for Justice or Justices of the Peace so authorised or impowered as aforesaid, if he or they shall think fit, to commit such Person or Persons, so convicted in such summary Way as aforesaid, to the House of Correction within his or their Jurisdiction* in Lieu or in Stead of the Common Gaol; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers-

F O R M of Mortgage and Charge upon the County Rates for securing the Money borrowed.

B one of bit Majestfs fhflices of the Peace, and Chairman of the Court of garter SeJ/lont

of the Peace for the County, &c. of (as the Case shall be), at

*"e Day of" C.D. and E.F. \tivo other of his Majestys Justices of the

Peace acting for the said County, See. and assembled in the said, Court, in of the Power to us

given by an Act passed in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, &cc. (infer! the Title of the Act,) do hereby, in open Court, mortgage and charge all the Rales *° t* raised within the said County, &c. (as the Case (hill be), under the Description of County Rates,

59*

How tlse Tory fall be turn* mooed.

Jurymen may be challenged. t Justices may finr the Sheriff, Bailiff, &c. nuking Default*

Expences of Jury, &c. bow

to be defrayed

On Payment of

Parchase Money, for Lands, Ac* Justices may take Possessiea thereof*

Justicetj whaaro authorised to

convict in summary Way, way commit Offenders to the House of Correction*

---

592 C. 56. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

by the Laws now in being, with the Payment of the Sum of ________ which G. H. of ________ hath proposed and agreed to lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid towards the defraying the Expences of building, repairing &c. (as the Case shall be), the House of Correct on for the said County, &c. And we do hereby confirm and establish the same unto the said G.H. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for securing the Repayment of the said Sum of ________ and the Interest agreed upon for the same, after the Rate of ________ per Centum per Annum; and do order the Treasurer for such County, &c. or other Person (as the Case shall be), to pay the Interest of the said Sum of ________ half yearly, as the same shall become due, until the Principal shall be discharged, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders; and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to impower his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to appoint certain Places, as well out of his Majesty's Dominions as within the same, to which Felons and other Offenders may be transported, and to make other Regulations for the more effectual Transportation of such Offenders may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;' and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Any Person convicted in England or Wales of any Crime punishable by Transportation, by the Court, be ordered to be transported accordingly:]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, when any Person or Persons, at any Session of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General Session of the Peace, to be holden for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Borough, Liberty, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or at any Great Session to be holden for the County Palatine of Chester, or within the Principality of Wales, shall be lawfully convicted of Grand or Petit Larceny, or any other Offence for which such Person or Persons shall be liable by the Laws of this Realm to be transported, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before which any such Person or Persons shall be so convicted as aforesaid, or any subsequent Court holden at any Place for the same County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Borough, Liberty, or Place respectively, with like Authority, to order and adjudge that such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid shall be transported beyond the Seas, for any Term of Years not exceeding the Number of Years or Term for which such Person or Persons is or are, or shall be liable by any Law to be transported;

[And his Majesty, in Council, may appoint to what Place beyond the Seas he shall be sent.]

and, in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to declare and appoint to what Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, either within his Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere out of his Majesty's Dominions, such Felons or other Offenders shall be conveyed or transported; and such Court as aforesaid is hereby authorised and impowered to order such Offenders to be transferred to the Use of any Person or Persons, and his or their Assigns, who shall contract for the due Performance of such Transportation:

[If his Majesty should extend his Mercy to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death, the Court may order him to be transported.]

And when his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be pleased to extend Mercy to any Offender or Offenders who hath or have been, or shall be convicted of any Crime or Crimes for which he, she, or they is, are, or shall be by Law excluded from the Benefit of Clergy, upon Condition of Transportation to any Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, either for Term of Life, or any Number of Years, and such Intention of Mercy shall be signified by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, it shall be lawful for any Court, having proper Authority, to allow such Offender or Offenders the Benefit of a conditional Pardon, and (except in Cases where such Offender or Offenders shall be authorised by his Majesty to transport himself, herself, or themselves) to order the Transfer of such Offender or Offenders to any Person or Persons who shall contract for the due Performance of such Transportation, and his or their Assigns, for such and the same Term of Years for which any such Offender or Offenders shall have been ordered to be transported, or for such Term of Life or Years as shall be specified in such Condition of Transportation as aforesaid;

[Contractor to have a Property in the Service of the Offender.]

and such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have a Property in the Service of such Offender or Offenders, for such Terms respectively; and when any Offender or Offenders hath or have been, or shall be convicted of any Crime or Crimes for which he, she, or they is or are by Law excluded the Benefit of Clergy, the Judge, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, or any Justice of the King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, in case the said Offender or Offenders shall have been tried at any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, in England, or any Justice of Chester or Wales, in case the said Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted within any of their respective Jurisdictions, may, on such Intention of Mercy as aforesaid being signified to him by one of the said Principal Secretaries of State, make an Order for the immediate Transportation of such Offender or Offenders, in the same Manner as if such Intention of Mercy had been signified by one of the said Principal Secretaries of State during the Continuance of the Assizes or Sessions at which such Offender or Offenders was or were condemned; and such Order shall be considered as an Order made at such Assizes or Sessions as aforesaid, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences as any Order for the Transportation of any Offender or Offenders made by any Justice of Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions, or Gaol Delivery, for any County, City, Liberty, Borough, or Place, during the Continuance of the Assizes or Sessions.

[Persons undertaking to transport Offenders, to give proper Security.]

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons to whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be transferred as aforesaid, shall, before any of them shall be delivered over to him or them to be transported, give Security that he or they will transport, or cause to be transported effectually,

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 593

such Offender or Offenders to such Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas respectively, as shall be appointed by his Majesty in such Manner as aforesaid, and procure such Evidence as the Nature of the Case will admit of the Landing of such Offender or Offenders so transferred as aforesaid, in that Place or Part, or those Places or Parts beyond the Seas where to he, she, or they shall be ordered to be transported (Death and Casualties by Sea excepted), and that he, she, or they shall not be suffered to return to Great Britain or Ireland by the wilful Default of the Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, or of his or their Assigns.

[Court may appoint two Justices for the County, &c. to contract for Transportation of Offenders, &c.]

III. And be it also enacted, That such Court as aforesaid may appoint two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall have been convicted, who shall have Power to contract with any Person or Persons for the Performance of the Transportation of such Offender or Offenders, and to order such Security to be taken as aforesaid; and also to cause such Offender or Offenders to be delivered, by the respective Gaolers in whose Custody he, she, or they shall be, to the Person or Persons contracting, or to his or their Assigns; which Contracts and Security shall be certified by the Justices, who shall make and take the same to the next Court to be holden with like Authority (or the said County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, or Place, to be filed and kept among the Records of such Court;

---

[Securities for

and all Securities for Transportation shall Transportation be by Bond, in the Name of the respective Clerks of the Peace, or other Clerks of the Court, who to be by shall prosecute such Bonds in their own Names; for which Purpose, every such Clerk of the Peace, or Bond» in Clerk of the Court, and his Successors respectively, shall be deemed a Body Corporate, and shall have of the and be paid all such Costs as they shall sustain, in any such Suit as the Justices of the Peace shall at their peace> &c ew^ General Quarter Sessions of the Peace direct, out of the Publick Stock; and all Monies recovered on such ftnil be deemei Bonds shall be for the Use of the respective County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, or a Body Corpo-

Place, and be paid to their respective Treasurers, to be Part of the Publick Stock; and all Charges in mc*

or about making the Contracts, taking Securities, and conveying Felons and other Offenders in order to to be transported, shall be borne by each Cuuntv, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, or Place* for which the Court was held which ordered such Offenders to be transported; and the respective Treasurers shall, by Order of the Justices in Quarter Sessions, pay all such Charges to the Persons employed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons so con trading as aforesaid, and to whom Personicoatriaw*

any Offenders shall be delivered in order to be transported, or any Person or Persons directed by the said orfendf"^0^ Justices (impowered to contract as aforesaid), or their Assigns, may, in such Manner as they shall think cithern* fit, carry and secure the said Offenders in and through any County of Great Britain, towards the Sea- through toy port or Place from whence they are to be transported; and if any Person or Persons shall refeue such County to the Offenders, or any of them, or assist them, or any of them, in making their Escape from such Person or Sea-poit. Persons as shall have them in their Custody as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, J:nnVIon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. cuing the m,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar if any Offender or Offenders, who shall If any Person be so ordered by any such Court as aforesaid to be transported beyond the Seas, or who shall agree to ^rdc*cd for

transport himself or herself on certain Conditions, either for Life or any Number of Years, to any such Tra, jfPJrt*tion» Place or Places, Part or Parts, as shall he appointed by his Majesty in Manner aforesaid, shall be after- *t j*c in wards at large within any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, without some lawful Cause, Great Britain m

before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender or Offenders shall have been ordered to be Ireland, before transported beyond the Seas, or shall have so agreed to transport himself or herself as aforesaid, every lhe Expiration such Offender being at large as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and such Offender or Offenders may be tried, either before D*at|^ul Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions, or Gaol Delive y, for the County, City, Liberty, Before whom Borough, or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended and taken, or from whence he, such Offender* (he, or they were ordered to be transported; and the Clerk of the Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other be tried. Officer or Clerk of the Court having the Custody of the Records where such Orders of Transportation shall be made, shall, at the Request of the Prosecutor, or any other Person on his Majesty's Behalf, make out and give a Certificate in Writing, signed by him, containing the Effect and Substance only (omitting the formal Part) of every Indictment and Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, and of the Order for his or her Transportation, to the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions, or Gaol Delivery, where such Offender or Offenders shall be indicted (not taking for the same more than two Shillings and Sixpence), which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Order for the Transportation Of such Offender or Offenders: And whosoever shall discover and prosecute to Conviction of Felony with- Perfooydifcovfr-out Benefit of Clergy, any such Offender or Offenders to being at large as aforesaid, shall be intitled to a ln8.an<1 Pr°so-Reward of twenty pounds for every such Offender so convicted; and {lull have the like Certificate, with- son^rs^imiijed ©ut Fee or Reward, as any Person or Persons may be intitled unto for the apprehending and prosecuting to to a Reward or Conviction Persons who have committed any Robbery upon the Highway: Provided nevertheless, That hi* *oi. and a Cer- Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may pardon and dispense with such Transportation, and allow of the Return of any such Offender or Offenders to the Kingdom of Great Britain.

[His Majesty

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty from Time to Time, by an Order in Writing, to be notified by one of ®r°^utho-' ms said Principal Secretaries of State, or for any three or more of such of his Majesty's Justices of the rife three Justicea Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, Division. City, Borough, Liberty, or Place, in which any Peace 10 Oaol shall be situated, as shall be authorised by his Majesty under his Sign Manual, to direct the Re- ^er, the Removal of any Male Offender or Offenders who shall be under Sentence of Death, but reprieved during his prj^e^f Majesty's Pleasure, cv under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and who, having been examined by semew?of er ff experienced Surgeon or Apothecary, shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious Distemper, De«h,

fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prison in which such Offender or Offenders shall be confined, to ai*y c«oi in Eng.

such iiDsi 01

594-

Cftotcr to<§e-, liter Offender* according to such Orders, with a proper Certificate*

Gaolers Fees and Expences of Removal to be paid by the County, *c.

Overseen, to whom such Prisoners ate delivered, to have the same Power* over them as Gaolers, &c*

Time of Imprisonment to be deemed Part of the Term of Transportation. Overseers may inflict moderate punishrmm for Misbehaviour, ft c.

Overseer* to m*ke Returns of Prisoners to the Court of Kind’s Bench, the first Day of every Term*

Justice of Afire, & c. may remove Prfontrs

comftitfed by Justices of Peace.

IfOfteoders cannot conveniently be transported to the Place mentioned in <heir Sentence, the

Court of King1#

C. 56. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

such Place of Confinement within England, or the Dominion of Wales, either at Land, or on board any Ship or Vessel in the River Thames, or any navigable or other River, or within the Limits of any Port of England or Wales, as his Majesty, or any three of such Justices, authorised as aforesaid; shall from Time to Time appoint, under the Management of any Overseer or Overseers to be appointed by his Majesty, or any three or more of such Justices authorised as aforesaid; and every Offender who shall be so removed shall continue in the said Place of Confinement, or be removed to and confined in any other such Place or Places as aforesaid, as his Majesty, or any three or more of such Justices, authorised as aforesaid* from Time to Time shall appoint, until such Offender shall be transported according to Law, or by the Expiration of the Term of such Transportation, or otherwise, shall be intitled to his Liberty, or until his Majesty, or any three or more of such Justices, so authorised as aforesaid, shall direct the Return of such Offender to the Gaol or Prison from which he shall have been so removed $ and the Sheriff or Gaoler having the Custody of any Offender whose Removal shall be ordered in Manner aforesaid, shall, with ail convenient Speed after Receipt of the Notification of any such Order, convey, or cause to be conveyed, every such Offender to the Place appointed, and there deliver him, together with a Certificate, containing his Christian Name, Surname, and Age, and also the Offence for which, and the Court in which, he was convicted, and the Purport of his or her Sentence, to such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, who shall give a proper Receipt in Writing to the Sheriff or Gaoler for the Discharge of such Sheriff of Gaoler.

VII. And be it enacted, That all Fees on the delivering out of Custody of any such Offender so ordered to be removed, as have usually been paid, and would have been due to the Sheriff or Gaoler in case such Offender had been removed in order to have been transported, and all reasonable Expences which the Sheriff or Gaoler shall incur in every such Removal, shall be paid by the County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty, or Place, for which the Court in which the Offender was convicted shall have beea held; and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such Fees and Expences from the Treasurer of such County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty, or Place, such Fees and Expences being first allowed by the Order of the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter or other General Sessions of the Peace,* who are hereby required to make such Order as shall be just in that Behalf.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, after the Removal of any Offender under this Act, the Overseer who shall have the Custody of him shall, during the Term of such Custody, have the same Powers over him as are incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaoler, and in like Manner be answerable for any Escape of such Offender; and also, during such Custody, shall feed and clothe such Offender, and shall keep him to Labour at such Places, and under such Directions, Limitations, and Restrictions, as his Majesty, or any three or more of such Justices, foauthorised as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, by any Order to be directed to such Overseer or Overseers for their Instruction^ appoint.

IX. And it is hereby declared, That the Time during which any Offender shall have continued in Gaol under Sentence of Transportation, or being removed under the Provisions aforesaid, shall continue confined by virtue of this Act, shall be taken and reckoned in Discharge or Part Discharge or Satisfaction of the Term of his Transportation.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender shall, during such Custody under this Act, be guilty of any Misbehaviour or disorderly Conduct, it shall be lawful (or such Overseer or Overseers, having the Custody of such Offender, to inflict or cause to be inflicted such moderate Punishment or Correction as may be inflicted by Law on Persons committed to a House of Correction; and if any such Offender shall break from, or unlawfully escape from the Custody of such Overseer or Overseers, or if any Person shall refeue, or attempt to refeue, or assist in refeuing, any such Offender from such Custody, or shall convey, or cause to be conveyed, any Disguise, Instrument, or Arpis to such Offender, every such Offence shall be punishable in the same Manner as if such Offender had been confined in a Gaol or Prison, in the Custody of the Sheriff or other Gaoler, for the Crime of which such Offender (hill have been convicted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the several Places of Confinement to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time make Returns, specifying the, Name of every Person in their Custody, the Offence of which he or she shall have been guilty, the Court before which he or she shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of such Court, together with his Age and bodily State, and his Behaviour whilst in Custody; and also the Names of such Offenders who shall have died whilst in such Custody, or shall have escaped, or have been lawfully discharged from the same; which Returns shall be made, on the first Day of every Term, to his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, on the Oath of the Person or Persons making the same; such Oath to be made before the said Court, or any Commissioner authorised to take Affidavits in the same.

XII. And whereas there are several Persons confined in County and City Gaols in England and Wales, under Sentences and Orders made by one or more Justice or Justices of Peace at their Sessions or otherwise,

upon Convictions in a summary Way, without the Intervention of a Jury be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of Assize or Great Sessions, or any two or more Justices of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Gaol is situate, to remove any such Person or Persons to any House of Cor-reAion within the said Jurisdiction, there to be confined, and to remain in Execution of such Sentence or Order.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender hath already been ordered to be transported to any Part beyond the Seas, or if any Order shall at any Time hereafter be made for the Transportation of any Offender, and such Order cannot be conveniently executed with respect to the Place in such Order mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Court of King’s Bench, or for the Court before which any such Person hath been convicted, or any Court holden for the same County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty, or Place, having like Authority* or (in the Vacation Time, and out of Term) for any two

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 595

justices of the Court of King’s Bench,; Common Pleas, or Barons of the Court of Exchequer of the Bench, 4c. m»y ►egree of the Coif, to order that such Offender shall be transported to any other Part or Place beyond order them to be the Seas- which shall have been appointed by His Majesty for the Transportation of such Offenders, in ,r»nftmrted to such and the like Manner, and for the same Term of Years, as such Offender is or shall be liable to be ti"~v°rh Yi think transported to the Place mentioned in the original Sentence or Order for his or her Transportation} and proper/ such Order shall be considered as made at the same Time, and shall be as effectual to every Intent and Purpose, and shall have all the same Consequences, in every Rclped, as the original Order for the Traimportation of such Offender, and such Offender shall be transferred, conveyed, and made over, to any Person who will contrail for the Performance of such Transportation, and to his or tb?ir Assigns, in like Manner as if such Offender had been transported to the Place mentioned in the original Order of Transportation; and such Person or Persons, so contrafting as aforesaid, his or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have a Property in the Service of the said Offender, for the Remainder of the Term for which the Offender was originally ordered to be transported and in case such Offender, offem»«r* so ordered for Transportation, shall be afterwards at large within any Part of the Kingdom of Great turning before Britain, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender shall tl).e Expiration have been ordered to be transported, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer to fuller Death. Pej*th as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, and shall be tried before such Judges, and it\ such Manner, and the same Evidence made use of, for his or her Conviction, as is or shall be directed by the Laws now in being, or hereafter to be made, for the Trial of other Offenders found at large within this Kingdom beforq the Expiration of the Term for which they were ordered to be transported; and 10l. Reward whoever shall discover, and prosecute to Conviction of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, any such Of- for prosecut-fender so being at large within this Kingdom as aforesaid, shall be intitled to a Reward or Twenty Pounds ,n5 futt» offer every such Offender so convicted, and shall have the like Certificate, without Fee or Reward, as any cn ®r4* Person may be intitled to for the apprehending and prosecuting to Conviction, Persons who have com- Robbery upon the Highway.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, as far as expence, or me fame relates to the Removal of Prisoners convicted, and remaining in Custody under Sentence of executing thit Death, and respited during his Majesty's Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, to other Act, relative f<I rlaces of Confinement, and which are not otherwise provided for, shall be annually laid before both Prisone«°&e. Houses of Parliament, and shall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to his Majesty by Par- to f>e laid annu-Jiament. ally before Par-

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or L rerlons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General cutrtfo^exe* an" ®‘ve t^1‘s Act» and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that «uting this a a, the lame was done by the Authority of this Act} and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, "*»r p1* the or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or GentT*'* al0nn*i ter ^ue i°ined or if, on Demurrer or otherwi fe, Judgement shall be given against the Plain- an<l, t lb a nt*s» Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for taming a the same as any Defendants have by Law in other Cases 5 and notwithstanding a Verdict shall be given dist. <L»> to any Plaintiff in such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defen- con, Tri daYhrn e‘S l^e JU(i2e> before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions to be commenced against Limitation of any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County Actioa, and Place where the Fast was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the committed, and not otherwise.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Cap. of Att, an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An last Session, re-f)foa nZt Removal of Prisoners in certain cases, and to amend the Law reflecting the of peaed! VJpenden), except with regard to any Prisoners who have already been removed from any Gaol or Prison, Except with r«-and placed under the Management of any Overseer or Overseers, by virtue of the said Act, which said E*.rdt°Prison'r* prisoners shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be subject to the Orders and Regulations herein- remov/d by *££ contained, instead of those contained in the said Act, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed. tu*thereof.

---

[19 Geo. III. Cap. 74, continued until June 1, 1787.]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishments of certain Offenders), shall be and remain in Force until the First Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[Continuance of this Act.]

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of this Act, so far as the same extend to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, shall continue to be in Force until the First Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

596 C. 57. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second; and to repeal the said Act.

[Preamble.]

---

Recital of oo Geo. U| Cap. 4«l

5 Geo. III

Cap. 41 j

and 14 Geo. III, Cap.».

the lawful Debts and Claims thereupon),the Estates of those who had been attainted of High Treason for their Accession to the then late Rebellion, were declared to be in his Majesty, subject to the Payment of Debts, and under various Regulations therein contained: And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, (intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon: and to estabUjha Method of managing the fame; and applying the Rents and Profts thereof for the better civilizing

and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and prev for the all and every the Lands and Estates which were then in the Hands of his Majesty, by the Attainder of Simon late Lord Lovat, and certain other Persons therein named, were declared to be unalienably annexed to the Imperial Crown of these Realms; and Provision was also made by the said last recited Act, for Payment of all just and lawful Debts due by the forfeiting Persons before their Attainder, and for transacting the Claims made by Subject Superiors to the Property of some of these Estates; and likewise for acquiring the Superiorities belonging to such Subject Superiors: And whereas, by an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majeny’s Reign, (intituled, An Act to enable his to grant unto Major General Frazer

the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and the said Act of the

Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty was repealed, in so far as it related to the Estate which formerly belonged to the said Simon late Lord Lovat; which Estate was thereby difannexed from the Crown, and has since been granted by his Majesty, in the Terms, and under the Conditions at Length specified in the aforesaid Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign: And whereas the said Estates were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees or Commissioners for managing the same, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and securing the Peace and Loyalty of the Inhabitants: And whereas, by the Experience of many Years since that Time, it has been found, that no Subjects in any Part of his Majesty's Dominions are more loyal or dutiful, or better affected to his Majesty's Person and Government, than the Inhabitants of the Highlands of Scotland now are, many of whom, of all Ranks and Descriptions, have performed signal Services to their Country in the late Wars between Great Britain and its Enemies, and more particularly the Heirs and Families of all or most of the said attainted Persons have been employed in the Service of their lawful Sovereign, and testified their Loyalty and Zeal upon all Occasions, and therefore it is fit that they should now receive some Mark of his Majesty's Royal Mercy and Clemency: And whereas it is expedient that the said Estates be now difannexed, and restored to the Heirs or Families of the former Owners, upon the Payment of certain Sums on Account of the Debts due by Hie forfeiting Persons, which were discharged by the Publick, and under the other Conditions herein after mentioned:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to jjive, grant, and dispone, to the Honourable John Ml. Kenzie, commonly called Lord M". Lead, eldest bon of George late Earl of, and his

Heirs and Assigns, all and every the Lands, Lordships, Baronies, Tithes, Patronages, Fishings, and other like Heretages, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty, by the Attainder of the said George late Earl of Cromarty, now deceased, and which were annexed to the Crown by the aforesaid Act, in the fcitedtohislate 'j'wenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; subject always to, and chargeable with the Atuinde/of Sum of nineteen thousand and ten Pounds, ten Shillings, and seven Pence, and ten twelfth Parts of George late Earl a Penny Sterling, of Principal Money, to be paid into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland as herein-tfCromatty; after directed.

10,010l. 101.7d. to be paid into the Exchequer in Scotland:

And Donald

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, hi* :ameron the Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to, Son and Heir of Charles Cameron,

* the Attainder late Captain in the Sevemy-first Regiment of Foot, deceased, who was only lawful Son of Donald Cameron I Donald Ca- late of Lochiel, and his Heirs and Assigns, all and every the Lands and Estate which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of the said Daniel Cameron, late of Lochiel, now deceased; subject always to, and chargeable with the Sum of three thousand four hundred thirty-three Pounds, nine Shillings, and one Penny, and fix twelfth Parts of a Penny Sterling, of Principal Money, to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer as after directed.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to Duncan, eldest lawful Son of Charles

Stewart late of Ardjbeal, and his Heirs and Assigns, all and every the Lands and Estate which becajne forfeited to his said late Majesty, by the Attainder of the said Charles Stewart, now deceased, and which 4, were

impowered to grant to the

Honourable

John M‘. Kenzie, and his Heirs, all the Lands, Lord-Chips* &c. for

Cameron the Lands forfeited t

OL-

meron late of Lochiel j subject to 3,43,1.9«. d. to be paid as stforcUi6 1 And to Duncan Stewart the Lands forfeited by the Attainder of Charles Stewart j

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57- 597

were annexed to the Crown as aforesaid; subject always to, and chargeable with the Sum of six hundred

Shillings, and nine Pence, and one twelfth Part of a Penny Sterling, of Prin- Joi* paid9*.*

! paid i aforesaid:

ninety-nine Pounds, seven

cipal Money, to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer as after directed.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, And to Jo ha

his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to John, eldest Son and Heir of the

deceased Lieutenant Colonel Alexander M‘. Donald’, of the Seventy-first Regiment of Foot, who was iy the Attain- eldest Son of Donald Md. Donald, late of Kinlocbmoydart, and his Heirs and Assigns, all and every the der of Donald.

Lands and Estate which became forfeited to his said late Majesty, by the Attainder of the said Donald t'o ’ AP. Donald Yoxe of Kinlocbmoydart, now deceased, and which were annexed to the Crown as aforesaid; 1,1111.151. $d, subject always to, and chargeable with the Sum of one thousand one hundred and eleven Pounds, fifteen to b« paid a» Shillings, and five-pence Sterling, of Principal Money, to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer a,oreCald 1 as hereafter direaed.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his And to Cof.

Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to Colonel Duncan M‘., only lawful Son of *£"

Evan M*. PherJ*on, late of Cluny, and his Heirs and Assigns, all and every the Lands and Estate which La^ds for- became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of the said Evan, now deceased; feited by tb«

subject always to, and chargeable with the Sum of five thousand one hundred thirty-eight Pounds, £v«in rp/ seventeen Shillings, and eleven-pence, and seven twelfth Parts of a Penny Sterling, of Principal Money, #p*

to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer as after directed. fuhjea to

5,1381. 17 s. I id. to be paid as aforesaid t

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, j^nhdn

his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to Colonel John M4. Donell, late of the seventy- neiUheLand* 4ixth Regiment of Foot, eldest lawful Son of Duncan M*. Donell, late of Lochgary, and his Heirs and *?rfeite.d bX Assigns, all and every the Lands, Tithes, and other Heretages and Estate, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of the said Duncan Donell, now deceased, and which were annexed neii*

to the Crown as aforesaid j subject always to, and chargeable with the Sum of two thousand and eighty- fuhj^ three Pounds, twelve Shillings, and.one Penny, and hve twelfth Parts of a Penny Sterling, of Principal *i°bi Money, to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer as after directed. aforesaid

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, And to John his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, unto John Cameron, eldest lawful Son of Allan uSVforfdwd Cameron, late of Callart, and his Heirs and Assigns, all and every the Lands, Tithes, and other Heretages by the Attain-and Estate, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of the said Allan Cameron, der of

now deceased; subject always to, and chargeable with the Sum of four hundred and twenty Pounds,

fifteen Shillings, and nine-pence Sterling, of Principal Money, to be paid into the said Court of Exche- tm. i5$. 9d, quer as aforesaid. # i0{ P*d

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, An?to Francis his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to Francis Farquharson, late of Monaltry, who has Farquharson ti* received his Majesty's most Gracious Pardon, and his Heirs and Assigns. all and every the Lands, Tithes,

and other Heretages and Estate, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of the der* luuw laid Francis Farquharson j subject always to, and chargeable with the Sum of one thousand six hundred fobjea to and thirteen Pounds, and nine-pence, and four twelfth Parts or a Penny Sterling, of Principal Money, to be paid into the said Court ot Exchequer as after directed. Sordid!

41 A. And whereas the Lands and Estate which were surveyed and annexed to the Crown, as belonging Majesty c to Archibald Donald, Son of Col M*. Donald of Barr if dale, were in faeft only held in Wadfett by the may grant to

said Col M* Donald, and his Son Archibald, redeemable for the Sum of one thousand five hundred and d0*

twenty-seven Pounds, fifteen Shillings, and sixpence, and fix twelfth Parts of a Penny, by John M\ Do* forfeited ty* nell, of Glegary, but were nevertheless allowed to be surveyed and forfeited as the absolute Property of the ti?e Attainder said Archibald M4. Donald, without any Claim being entered in due Time by John Donell the Re- verser, whose Heir ought now to be restored against the Consequences of that Oversight: And whereas °n

the Debts due by the said Archibald M'. Donald at the Period of the Forfeiture, and which were after- wards paid by the Publick, exceeded the Wadfett Sum before-mentioned, so that no Benefit could accrue to him by restoring him to the Right of Wadfett, with the Burden of a Sum equal to or exceeding his Debts be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, the said Lands and Estate to Duncan M\ Donell, now of GUngary, the Grandson and Heir of the aforesaid John DonelU of Glengary, and his Heirs and Assigns} subject always to, and chargeable with the Sum of one thousand six hundred sixty-feveri to

Pounds, thirteen Shillings, and five*pence, and ten twelfth Parts of a Penny Sterling, of Principal Mo- MM*

fley? to be paid into the said Court or Exchequer as after directed. aforesau?1:

4X. And whereas the Estate of Perth, which became forfeited by the Attainder of John Drummond, And to the

tide V __L1-’__

taiaed who is his nearest collateral Heir Male;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall forfeited by hlv and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to give* grant, and dispone, to the Heirs AtuiiUlwJ Male of the said John Drummond, who would have been intitled to succeed by the Investitures of the said Estate, had it not been forfeited, and to the Heirs and Assigns of such Heir Male, all and every the Lands, Lordships, Baronies, Fisheries, Tithes, Patronages, and other Heretages and Estates, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of the said John ,taking upon hknself

the Stile or Title of Lord John Drummond, and which were annexed to the Crown as aforesaid; subject subject to always to, and chargeable with the Sum of fifty-two thousand five hundred forty-seven Pounds, one

598 C. 57.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Sess. 2r

And to grant the Estate of Arnpryor, &c. forfeited by the Att tinder of Francis Buchanan, to hie Heirs;

Ibbjeft to

*,407 1. 8 s. 3 d to be

i paid as aforesaid.

When the said Sums shall be

aid into the Exchequer.

Bironi of Ex-

Shilling, and sixpence, and three twelfth Parts of a Penny Sterling, of Principal Money, to be paid inta the said Court ot Exchequer as after directed.

XI. And whereas Francis Buchanan, late of Arnpryor, another of the forfeiting Persons, also died with- out lawful Iifue of his Body, possessed of, or intitled to, the following Lands and Estates; videlicet, The Estate of Arnpryor, and the Lands of Stank and Kerincchy which were devised to Heirs General, and the Estate of Stratkyre, and certain Parts of the Lands of Arnfinlay, which were devised to Heirs Male/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant and dispone to Miftrifs Jem Buchanan, Widow of the deceased John M\ Nab of M4. Nab Esquire, Sifter and Heir General of the said Francis Buchanan, and her Heirs and Assigns, the said Estate of Arnpryor, and the said Lands of Stank and Kerinoch; and to John Buchanan of Auch~ lejjie Esquire, the Heir Male of the said Francis Buchanan, and his Heirs and Amgns, the said Estate of Strathyrey and the said Parts of the Lands of Arnfinlay; subject: always to, and chargeable, the said whole Estates and Lands so to be granted, with the Payment of the Sum of two thousand four hundred ninety-seven Pounds, eight Shillings, and three-pence, and eight twelfth Parts of a Penny Sterling, of Principal Money, to be paid by them the said Miftrifs Jean Buchanan, and John Buchanan, and their Heirs, jointly and severally, into the said Court of Exchequer, as after directed; but declaring that the said Persons shall fiave such Claims against each other to be relieved of the said Sum, either in Whole, or in Part, as they would have had with respect to their Predecessors Debts, if there had been no Forfeiture.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Principal Sums aforesaid shall be made payable by the different Grantees, their Heirs and Assigns, into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, in equal Moieties, one-half of each Sum at the Term of Martinmas, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and the other Half at the said Term in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eiftit, together with Interest upon the Whole at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Term of Martinmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, until Payment of the Sums due, with a fifth Part more of liquidated Penalty in case of Failure; for which Pay-

cbcquer'tove ments so made, the Lord Chief Baron, and other Barons of the said Court, or any Three of them, are Discharxes for hereby impowered, authorised, and required to execute, on Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc- the ume. ceflors, and all others concerned, and to deliver to those from whom the Money is received, full and ample Receipts, Discharges, and Renunciations of the said Money, Principal and Interest, so paid, according to the Forms prescribed by the Law of Scotland for discharging and renouncing Heretable Debts and Real Incumbrances in that Part of the United Kingdom; which Receipts, Discharges, and Renunciations, shall be good, valid, and sufficient Acquittances, in the same Manner, and as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been granted by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; any Law or Ufaee to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Monies, when paid into the Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be forthwith, by Order of the Court, lodged in the Royal Bank or Bank of Scotknay or in any of the Publick Funds, for such Interest as can be obtained for the same, till other*-wife disposed of, in Manner after directed.

XIV. And whereas the Barony and Estate of Strowany which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertfion of Strowan y became forfeited to the Crown by a Decree or Sentence of Forfeiture passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year one thousand six hundred ancFninety, subject to the Debts then owing by the said Alexander Robertfion, and the Estate was afterwards given back to his Family, and, having come into his Possession, new Debts were contracted by him; but he having again committed Treason, and been.

attainted, the Gift was recalled, and the Estate declared efeheat, and, by a Clause in the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, was annexed unalienably to the Crown, and none of the Debts have yet been paid: And whereas the said Alexander Robertfion, late of Strowan, is now dead,.

without having left Issue lawful of his Body, and the Investitures of the said Estate before the Forfeiture flood in favour of Heirs Male be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Robertfion, of the eighty-second Regiment of toot, the nearest Heir Male of the said' Alexander Robertfiny. and his Heirs and Assigns, all and every the Barony of Strowan, and other the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which became forfeited by the Attainder of the said Alexander Robertfion, and which were annexed to the Crown as aforesaid; subject always to, and chargeable with the Payment, to the Creditors of the said deceased Alexander Robertfion, of all the just and onerous Debts due by him, whether contrafted before his Forfeiture or afterwards, with an Accumulation of Interest on the Debts contrafted before the Forfeiture, as at Christmas, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and likewise with the Burden of paying the Debts contrafted by Margaret Robertfion, Sifter to the said deceased Alexander, who some Time possessed the Estate as a Trustee for the Family; the said Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Ro-bertfion, and his foresaids, being bound to relieve the Crown and the Publick of all Claims and Demands whatever at the Instance of these Creditors.

XV. And whereas, before the Attainder, the said Estates of ArJJheal', Kinlochmoydart, Lochgary, and Part of the Estate of Locbiel, were holden of the Dukes of Argyle and Atholy as Superiors, from whom they were acquired by the Public, in virtue of Powers given by the aforesaid Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to John Duke of Argyll, his Heirs and Assigns, the Superiorities aforesaid of the said Lands and Estates of Ardjheal, Kinlochmoy-dart and Part of Lochiel, which were formerly holden of his Predecessor, he or they always paying into the said Court of Exchequer the Sum of two hundred and three Pounds, eleven Shillings, and tive"j*Dce! and fix twelfth Parts of a Penny Sterling, of Principal Money, for Ardjheal; the Sum of one hundred and fifty-two Pounds, five Shillings, and six-pence, and fix twelfth Parts of a Penny Sterling, of Principal Money,

Said Monies, when paid into the Exchequer, how to be disposed of.

His Majesty may grant the Barony of Strowan, kc. forfeited by the Attainder of Alexander Robertson of Strowan, to Eieur. Col. Alexander Robertson j

subject to the

Payment of Hebta with Jmcrcft,

His Majesty may R ant. ther

Superiorities ot certain Estates ro the Duke of Argyle, on Con riition of his

paying certain Si -u-

Sums in{° th®

Exchequer;

fee

Sett

S99

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57.

Money, for Kinlocbmoydart; and the Sum of one thousand two hundred and eighteen Pounds, four Shillings, and five Pence Sterling, of Principal Money, for Locbieb; being the Sums which his Predecessor received as the Value of these Superiorities; and in like Manner, that it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, and the Sup*-his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to John Duke of Atholy his Heirs and Assigns, the riority of Loch-Superiority of the Paid Estate of Lochgary, formerly holden of his Predecessor, he or they always paying f^eof/iiho! into the said Court of Exchequer the Sum of 6ne thousand six hundred and seventy-four Pounds, fifteen Dn a similar Shillings, and fix twelfth Parrs of a Penny Sterling, of Principal Money, for the same, being the Value Condition, which his Predecessor received; these several Sums to be paid at the Term of Whitsunday in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, with Interest for the same, at the Rate of five per Centum per An~ mm from the Term of Martinmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, till the Time of Payment, with a fifth Part more in Name of Penalty in case of Failure; and the Receipts, Discharges, and Acquittances for the same, to be granted in Manner before directed.

XVI. And whereas, for the Relief of certain smaller Vassals, who held their Lands and Heretages of some*

of those attainted Persons, from the Expence and Burden of making up their 'Pities by Precepts from the Chancery, and Charters from the Crown, an Act was passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Vassals of the several Estates which are or may be annexed to Recital of*

the Croton, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth It ear of the Reign of his late Majesty; and for tarry- 2 Geo. nr*.

ing the Purposes of the said Act more eff'edlually into Execution; which, inter alia, empowered the Commis- CaP*

sioners and Trustees for managing the said Estates to receive Resignations, and grant new Charters containing Precepts of Sasine, and also to grant all other Charters, Precepts of dare conjlat, and other Writ- ings whatsoever, necessary or competent for completing the Titles of the aforesaid Vassals, their Heirs and Angular Successors, in their Lands and other Heretages respectively, to be holden Feu or Blench of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same Way and Manner as the said Lands and Heretages were then holden, or might be holden of his Majesty; and which Charters, Precepts of Sasine, and Pre- cepts of clare conjlat, to be granted by such Commissioners and Trustees, were thereby declared to be as valid and effectual to the said Vassals, their Heirs and singular Successors, for completing their Infeft- ments in their Lands and Heretages aforesaid, as if the said Infeftments had proceeded upon Charters*

and Precepts under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in place of the Great Seal, or upon Precepts from the Chancery: And it was further declared, that the Compositions payable by these small Vassals should be applied by the said Commissioners for the same Uses and Purposes as the;

other Rents, Profits, and Casualties of the said annexed Estates; provided always, that it should be competent to the Vassals of the said Estates, their Heirs and Angular Successors, or any of them, if they should think fit, to make up their Titles to their respective Lands by Precepts from the Chancery, or Charters under the Seal, in the same Way and Manner as was competent to other Vassals of the Crown Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Vassals of the Estates of Perth, Cro- Certain VaflaTy many, or Strowan, as have made up their Titles by Special Services and Precepts from the Chancery, or the Eiiate* by Charters ffrom the Crown, since the Forfeiture, and their Successors in the Lands mentioned in such to beCconVideCreci Services, Precepts, or Charters, shall be considered as Crown Vassals to all Intents and Purposes, and as Crown Vaf-shall not now be obliged to hold of the Subject Superiors; without Prejudice, however, to their being fal$« obliged to pay their Feu Duties to those Superiors; but that all others who formerly held their Lands under the Owners of any of the said forfeited Estates, shall still continue as Sub-vassals under those Persons in whose Favour the said Estates are now to be granted; and the said Act of his present Majesty is* hereby repealed, so far as it gives them an Option to hold of the Crown.

XVII. And whereas, in virtue of Powers given by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to exchange the Lands of Fernan and Lixf in the 6 Geo. W*.

County of Perth y for other Lands belonging to the Right Honourable John Earl of Breadalbane, called Pitkel- Cap.

lony, in the said County of Perth, the Lands of Fernan, Part of the annexed Estate of Strowan, and the Lands of Lix, Part of the annexed Estate of Perth, were disponed to the said John Earl of Breadalbane,

in Exchange for certain Parts of the Estate of Pitkellony, in the Parish of Muihil and County of Perth)

which Lands of Pitkellony lie contiguous to, and alinoftfurrounded by, the Estate of Perth -j be it enacted;

by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Excambion shall remain effectual and binding upon all Parties; His Majesty,

and the said Land’s of Pitkellony, as particularly described in the Act aforesaid, with the Tithes and Perti- may grant the -

nents, being now considered as a Part of the Estate of Perth, it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, 8 of, Pit~,

his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone the same to the Person who shall obtain the Grant with the Vfa?*

of the said Estate of Perth, such Person, and his foresaids, always paying to the said Lieutenant Colonel ‘of Pmh,.

Alexander Robertson, and his foresaids, at the Term of kffiitfundav, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

five, the Sum of three thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine Pounds, thirteen Shillings, and Nine-pence

Sterling, being the Sum at which the Lands of Fernan, Part of the Estate of Strowan, were valued at

the Date of the Excambion, with Interest thereof, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum,

from the Term of Martinmas, one thousand seven hundred jind eighty-four, until Payment, with a fifth

Fart more of liquidated Penalty in case of Failure.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That where any of the said Estates now intended to be feftored are held of clause relative Subject Superiors, the several Persons, their Heirs or Assigns, in whose Favour the Grants are to be to those Eftatta j^ade, shall be intitled to receive their first Charters, in virtue of the Dispositions by his Majesty, from the Su

laid Subject Superiors of whom the Lands are respectively held, for Payment of no higher Dues or Casu- p«iors; alties than are usually given upon Entries of Heirs, or than thof&Persons would be obliged to pay if they entering as Heirs to their several Predecessors. t

XIX. And whereas, by the said Act of the twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, and by the Commissioners Th»> Art not tr- Instructions afterwards granted by his Majesty to the said Board of Trustees, Power was given to the the va/w

- 4 said dit* °* Pc,w '

6oq

Leases granted by the Board of Trustees, in pursuance of the Act 25 ClO. U,

Power of Re-demptien competent to Grantees.

Grantee* to hate Kent* and Pro-fits of said Lands for Crops 17S5, and all succeeding Years.

Board of Trustees* to be discontinued from the Term of Martinmas, 17S4.a, Annuities may be granted to Tome of their Officers i

which shall # cease upon thetf Deaths, fee.

Engagement*

come under by the Board, and confirmed by

Royal Warrant to be fulfilled.

Preamble, reciting that a Repository for the Records of Scotland is jriuch wanted.

Act 8 Geo. III.

C. 57. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess.

c said Trustees to grant Feus and Leases of the said Estates, and of Parts and Portions of them, under certain Conditions and Restrictions therein specified: And whereas a Variety of such Feus and Leases have accordingly been granted by the said Board, some of which, particularly of the Leases, may not have been

formally completed, but may yet (land upon Minutes and Resolutions of the Board, though Possession

may have followed, or the Parties may have bona fdercYicd upon such Minutes and Resolutions as binding / be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be understood as affecting the Validity of any such Feus or Leases which have been thus entered into, and are bona fide binding on the Parties, though not regularly completed by formal Deeds, without Prejudice always to any Challenge which the said Grantees, or any of them, may have to any of the said Feus or Leases as unduly made, contrary to the Powers, Regulations, or Conditions, specified in the said A(51 of the twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, or the Commissions or Instructions following thereupon, or where the Conditions may not have been duly implemented.

XX. And provided always, and be it hereby declared, That where any of the said Feu Rights contain Clauses of Redemption, itnpowering the Board of Trustees in any Event to redeem them, the Came Power of Redemption shall be competent to the several Grantees.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said Grantees shall have Right to the Rents and Profits of the said respective Lands and Heritages for Crop one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and all succeeding Years and Crops; but the Arrears of Rent and other Profits due, or which may become due, for the said Lands and Heritages for Crop one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, a; id all Preceedin^s, shall be directed to be called in and levied by the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer, and shall make a Part of the General Fund in their Hands, and who shall likewise grant Discharges and Acquittances for the same, and shall be intitled to lue for Payment ot all Monies directed by this Act to be paid in to them, according to the usual Forms of Law.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Board of Trustees shall be discontinued from and after the Term of Martinmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the whole Commissions to Officers and others employed under the Board are hereby declared to be void and of no Effect from that Period.

XXIII. But in respect that some of these Officers have been long in that Service, and have devoted a

great Part of their Time and Industry for Years past in attending diligently and faithfully to the Duties 1 of their several Stations under the said Board be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said Monies which are to be paid into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland as aforesaid, an annual Sum, not exceeding five hundred and eighty Pounds per Annum in Whole, shall be allowed to the Officers and Servants now employed at Edinburgh under the said Board during their respective Lives, subject to the Distribution of the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the said Court of Exchequer.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the Share to be given to each shall cease and expire apon the Death of the Person receiving it, and shall not be continued to the Survivors or Survivor; and the said Lord Chief Baron, and other Barons of the Exchequer, are hereby authorised and impowered to take the Assistance of such Person or Persons as they judge necessary in executing the Business committed to them, and to make such Person or Persons a reasonable Compensation for his or their Trouble out of the said Fund.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Engagements which have already been come under by the Board, and have been confirmed by Royal Warrant before the passing of this Act, shall be fulfilled and carried into Execution; and the Lord Chief Baron, and other Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, shall issue Warrants for Payment of the same, and of the Expences of passing this Act, and of the aforesaid Sums to rife Officers, out of the first and readied of the said Sums coining into their Hands, and lodged in the said Royal Bank or Bank of Scotland, or in any of the Publick Funds, as aforesaid.

XXVI. And whereas a proper and safe Repository for containing the Records of Scotland is much wanted, and would be of great publick Utility, and for that Purpose a large Building of Stone was be* gun to be erected several Years ago in the new extended Royalty of Edinburgh; but the Money allotted for it being exhausted, the same has not been completed, and it will require a considerable Sum to finilli and fit up the said Building, and to provide a Fund for keeping it in good Condition and Repair: And whereas, by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canalfrom the Frith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrow-ftownness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth; the late John Duke of Bedford, and other Persons therein named, and their Successors and Amgns, were united into a Company and Body Corporate, to make a certain Navigable Cut or Canal between the Firths or Rivers of Forth and Clyde, and a Collateral Cut to the City of GJafgozv; to purchase Land, raise Money, and levy Tolls and Duties for that Purpose: And whereas the Eastern Branch of the said Canal, from the River Forth to a Place called The Stocking Field, and the Collateral Cut from thence to the City of Glasgow, or Neighbourhood thereof, were completed several Years ago, but the Funds contributed by the Subscribers, or raised upon the Credit of their Tolls, have been entirely exhausted. and a considerable Sum of Debt remains due by them, and the Western Branch of the said Canal from its -present Termination to the River Clyde, at or near Dalmuir Burnfoot, cannot be executed without a considerable Aid from the Publick: And whereas the said Navigation, if completed, must at all Times, $>ut particularly in Time of War, be of the greatest Importance to the Trade of Great Britain and

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57; 6or

Ireland, by opening an easy Communication between the East and West Seas:’ Be it therefore enacted garenioftfce by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Chief Baron, and other Barons of the said Court of Exche- p,*6 cenSi'8 quer, shall, out of the Sums coining into their Hands, and lodged as aforesaid, so soon as conveniently Sums towwds may be after paying or retaining what is necessary for answering the several Purposes already mentioned, pay, or cause to be paid, unto the Trustees to be named by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for superintending or overseeing the said Register Office, the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds Sterling; and towards com. to the Company of Proprietors of the said Forth and Clyde Navigation, or their Cashier, the Sum of piling the fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, towards completing the said Works.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sums of fifteen thousand Pounds Sterling, and Fro»wh»t fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, shall be paid as aforesaid, with Interest upon them, from the Term of Time the raid ’

Martinmas, in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and without any Deduction Sun», with whatsoever.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That the said Company of Proprietors of the Proprietortof

Forth and Clyde Navigation shall make no Dividends from the Revenues of the said Canal, till the the raid Navi-whole Debts which they at present owe, or hereafter may contract in carrying on and finishing the *at‘on to. said Undertaking, shall be paid and discharged; and thereafter tire free annual Revenue or Proceeds umilTii arising out of the l olls and other Profits of the Canal shall be regularly applied in Manner after their Debts are mentioned. Paid*

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest already due to the several insert due to Proprietors of the said Navigation upon the Sums subscribed and paid in by them, from the respective the1 Proprietor* Periods when thele Sums were paid, shall be accumulated and added to the Principal as at the Term of hted a^d^dded Martinmas in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the whole Money so to the Principal, accumulated shall fronvthenceforwards be considered as the Stock of the Company; and so soon as the

Debts due by the Company shall be fully paid as before directedj the said Company shall be obliged to-apply the said free annual Produce of the Canal in making regular Dividends to the said accumulated-Stock of the Company, and to the said fifty thousand Pounds, in an equal Proportion, a sufficient Fund being always retained for answering contingent Expences and Repairs; which Dividends for the said* fifty thousand Pounds, shall be paid into the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland*

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Proprietors (halide* The Company liver into the said Court of Exchequer Once every Year, an Abstract from the Company’s Books, (hew- into

ing the precise State of the Company’s Funds and Debts, as well as the gross Revenue of the Canal, and Deductions therefrom, for the preceding Year; which Abstract shall be signed by the proper Of- AMmtt’of ficer, and by a Quorum of the Committee of Managers for the Company resident at Edinburgh or Glaf~ gcw\ and the Lord Chief Baron, and other Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, shall likewise, if state'ot* their they find it proper, cause the Books themselves, or attested Copies thereof, to be produced to them by Funds and the Officer who has the Custody of them, who shall make Oath to the Justice of the same, if required § Debts, fcc-and it shall be in the Power of the said Court to issue every Kind of Process and Compulfitory competent against Accomptants in Exchequer, and Debtors to the King, for compelling the Managers of the said Company to deliver the said annual Abstracts, and Production of the Books when the*

Court shall think it necessary, and likewise to prevent the Payment of Dividends till the Debts are extinguished, and thereafter to obtain a proportionable Payment of Dividends for the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, when the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons, or any Three of them,-shall be intitled to receive and discharge the same.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors of Proprietors of Forth and Clyde Navigation, so soon as they begin to execute the said Western Branch of the Canal, to the Navigation, Borrow and raise Money on the Credit of the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, and to assign their In^cWefter" Right to or Interest in the same, in the Whole or in Part, as they may think proper, to such Person or Branch of the* Persons who shall advance Money on the Security of the same; which Alignments, when intimated Canal, may to the King’s Remembrancer in the said Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, and recorded in his Of- onC°redil?ofCh» fice, shall be held as. complete and effectual Transferences of the Right or Interest so conveyed and said 50,000U in case of Repayment or Extinction of the Debt so contracted, the Discharges and Acquittances for the same shall be recorded in the same Manner.

XXXII. And whereas the Sums to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the several Persons Surplus of the

before mentioned, in consideration of the annexed Estates being restored, may happen not to be ex- Monies to be

haufted by the several Applications already specified be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the IxcHmw^ Balance of Money so to be paid in shall remain under the Care of the said Court of Exchequer in Scot- how to be'ap* W, to be lodged in one or other of the said Publick Banks or Publick Funds, subject to the future Plied* Difoofition of Parliament.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Dividends shall arise from Dividends front me said fifty thousand Pounds before mentioned, the same shall be applied towards making and repairing the raid

the Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland^ to which publick Aid has hitherto been found ne- 50»<poJ. to be cessary to be granted in the annual Votes of Parliament.

Roads, ice. fa the Highlands*

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year Aa*5 Geo. u,

the Reign of his late Majesty, whereby the several Estates already mentioned were annexed ta the c»p. 4r,

rown, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and all and every the said Lands, Lordships, Ba-monies, Tithes, Salmon and other Fishings, and other like Heretages and Estates whatsoever, which Became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of the several Persons herein-before named,*

L

602

Central Saving,

£ubHck Act,

C. 57 - 60. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Sess. 2.

shall from henceforth be difannexed from the Imperial Crown of these Realms, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, as if the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty had never been made; any Thing in the said Ail to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. Saving to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), all such Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands, of, in, to, and out of the Lands and Premises to be granted as aforesaid, as they, every or any of them, had before the passing this Act, or should or might have held or enjoyed, in cate this Act had never been made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially noticed as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whom-(oever.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices or Servants.

"* Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to Act i Geo. I, Act it Car. II, Act 2$ Car. II, " Act to Car. II, Act 8 Geo. I, Act 9 Geo. II, Act 18 Geo. II, and Act 6 Ill, before the passing of " this Act; and who shall, on or before December 25, 1784, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against * Forfeitures. Not to indemnify any Person for any Penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify himself, M Not to exempt Justices ailing without legal Qualification. Persons producing Appointments and Admissions before Dec. 25, 1784, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corporations, &c. may enjoy all Offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all " Penalties and Damages incurred by reason of Omissions. Not to extend to restore Persons to any Office " avoided by Judgement. Persons who shall cause Affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas Term, 1784, M are indemnified and discharged from Penalties. Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties upon " Money given with Clerks, &c. and to have the Indentures stamped within the Times limited, lie. " shall, on Payment of double Duties, on or before Dec. 25, 1784, have the Indentures stamped, &c. and such Indentures shall be valid: And all Persons who have incurred any Penalty by such Omission, shall be acquitted of the same. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the General Issue."

---

CAP. LIX.

An Act for extending, amending, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

CAP. LX.

An Act for raising Money to discharge Debts controlled on Account of the Poor within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and enlarging the present Workhouse of the said Parish; and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer, of the same Parish.

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo quinto GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the SECOND Session of the

SIXTEENTH Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

The Acts of the present Session (26 Geo. III.) are in the Press,

and will be published with all Expedition.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign

of George III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 25 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and his Majesty's Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of his Majesty's European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

5. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States; and for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty), for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Faversham, the Hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, and the several Parishes of Ospringe, Seasalter, and Whitstable, in the County of Kent.

8. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

9. An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting The High Street, and other Places within the Town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

10. An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and certain new Houses of Correction, for the County of Gloucester, and for regulating the same.

11. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

12. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

13. An Act for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in the County of Perth.

14. An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, within the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln.

15. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool.

16. An Act for taking down the present Market House, and certain other Buildings, in the Town of Uxbridge, for the Purpose of widening The High Street, and for paving the Foot-ways, and lighting and cleaning the Streets and other Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for changing the Course of the Road between Mercer's Bridge and High Bridge; and for rebuilding the said Market House.

17. An Act to enable the House of Commons to authorise the Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford, to proceed in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of Controverted Electors, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

18. An Act to impower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of Newgate for the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery of Newgate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King’s Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex.

19. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Publick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

20. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; together with those named in three former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the twenty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, and in the Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament.

21. An Act to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses, within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution.

22. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distillation of Corn Spirits in small Stills, in certain Counties or Districts of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authoring the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences, to Persons living in the Paid Counties or Districts, to distil Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties; and for imputing a Duty on such Licences.

23. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, called The Water-side Division, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching certain Parts of and belonging to the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the County of Kent, within the said Water-side Division of the said Parish, therein mentioned.

24. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as imposes Duties on all Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained; and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same.

25. An Act for allowing further Time for the Importation of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

26. An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham.

27. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk.

28. An Act for opening an easy and commodious Communication from the High Street of Edinburgh, to the Country Southward; and also from the Lawn Market to the new-extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, for that Purpose; for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same; for rebuilding or improving the University; for enlarging the Publick Markets, and Communications thereto; for regulating certain Taxes; for lighting the said City; for providing an additional Supply of Water; for extending the Royalty of the said City; and for levying an additional Sum of Money for Statute Labour in the Middle District of the County of Edinburgh.

29. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain.

31. An Act for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy.

32. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

33. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

34. An Act for better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for erecting a Market-house, and holding a publick Market in the said Vill.

35. An Act for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, or of their Sureties.

36. An Act for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth; and for enlarging the Term, and altering some of the Powers, of an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth: and for depthening, and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire.

37. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge across the River of Ayr, at the Town of Ayr.

38. An Act for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physick, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables, for dying, staining, printing, and painting certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time.

39. An Act for the better preserving and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Cromarty in North Britain.

40. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

41. An Act to repeal Part of an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid; for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein; for inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor; and to enable the Vestrymen of the said Parish to erect a Workhouse thereon; and to purchase Land for a Burial Ground; and also to enable his Majesty to shut up a Lane within the said Parish, called Love Lane.

42. An Act for vesting in Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a Method of extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders, from Pit Coal, throughout his Majesty's Dominions, for a limited Time.

43. An Act to repeal the Duties on Male Servants; and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants.

44. An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects.

45. An Act for reducing the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison, upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience, in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, to the same Periods in each Court; and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers, or others, on account of such Imprisonment.

46. An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases.

47. An Act for transferring the Recent and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

48. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp-duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers; and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale.

50. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

51. An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time.

52. An Act for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

53. An Act for settling an Annuity of nine thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like Annuity payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum in Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands.

54. An Act for better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders.

55. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves or Mittens; and also certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail.

56. An Act for more effectually preventing Deceits and Frauds in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage.

57. An Act to exempt Carriages, carrying the Mail, from paying Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great Britain.

58. An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

59. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

60. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, between Great Britain and Ireland.

61. An Act to authorise the Lord Steward of the Household, the Lord Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty, to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances.

62. An Act to prohibit for a limited time, the Exportation of Hay.

63. An Act for reducing the Allowances for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sark; for repealing the Laws allowing the Use of soul Salt for Manure only; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts; for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from the Isle of Man; for better securing the Duties on Salt; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt.

64. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain.

65. An Act for the further Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

66. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

67. An Act to prohibit the Exportation to foreign Parts, of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

68. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

69. An Act to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; for reviving and continuing the Premiums upon the Importation of Pitch, Tar and Turpentine from East Florida into Great Britain; for allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of Silk Gauzes, and a Drawback upon the Exportation of Raw Silk.

70. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties on Male Servants; and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants.

71. An Act for extending the time limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills.

72. An Act for repealing the Duties on Linens to be printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets and Velverets wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted or dyed; and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets and Velvenets printed, stained, painted or dyed in foreign Parts.

73. An Act to declare that Brewers selling Beer or Ale in less Quantities than a Cask, containing four Gallons and a Half, shall not be intitled to any Allowance out of the Duties of Excise for Waste or Leakage; and for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

74. An Act for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several Acts as relates to the Removal of Tea; for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities; and for better securing the Duties on Candles.

75. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births and Christening of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England.

76. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

77. An Act to amend so much of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further and better Regulations of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Places therein mentioned, as relates to Manufactories of Turpentine; for extending the Provisions of the said Act, so amended, to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar and Turpentine, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England; and for indemnifying the Proprietor of a Turpentine Manufactory in Potter's Fields, in the Borough of Southwark, against the Penalties he may be liable to under the said Act; and for excepting, for a limited time, his said Manufactory from the Provisions herein contained.

78. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen; and for regulating their Trade.

79. An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines; and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty's Letters Patent; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

80. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates and Authorities to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned.

81 .An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco.

82. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Trustees of Turnpike Roads in certain cases, and declaring their Proceedings valid.

83. An Act for further postponing the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

84. An Act to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also for removing Difficulties which may arise for want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament.

85. An Act for paving the Footways in the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks; for better repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places in the said Borough; and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

86. An Act for better watching, lighting and cleansing such Parts of the Precinct of Saint Catherine near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, as are not included in the Provisions of certain Acts passed in the Seventh and Ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

87. An Act extending the Dudley Canal to the Birmingham Canal, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford.

88. An Act for lighting and watching the Village of Clapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, in the County of Surrey.

89. An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, with Water.

90. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

91. An Act for taking down the Market House in the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and rebuilding the same, together with a Session or Court House, in a more convenient Situation; for removing the Shambles or Butcher Row; for better paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the said Borough; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any new Houses or Buildings within the said Borough with Thatch.

92. An Act for draining, preserving and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs in the several Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

93. An Act for the Removal and Rebuilding of the Council Chamber, Guildhall and Gaol of the City of New Sarum; and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City.

94. An Act for repairing, new pewing, seating and erecting Galleries, and making other Alterations and Additions in and to the Parish Church of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

95. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Christ Church otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the City of Bristol; and for widening the Streets adjacent thereto.

96. An Act for amending Two Acts of the Eighth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and such Part of Hog Lane as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

97. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to pull down the Poultry and Wood Street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City for the Purpose of rebuilding the same.

98. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings or Barracks, and Land adjoining thereto, and also of certain Ground contiguous to Tinmouth Castle, in the County of Northumberland, belonging to the Duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other Compensation as shall be a full Consideration for the same; and also to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange.

99. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazely, to make a navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath in the County of Stafford, to Fazely, in the said County; and for confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the said Trent and Mersey, the Oxford and the Coventry, Canal Navigation Companies.

100. An Act for amending and improving the Navigation of the River Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said County; and for continuing and extending the Navigation of the said River Arun, from the said Wharf called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain Bridge, called New Bridge, situate in the Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex.

101. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from The Buck's Head, at Watling Street, to Beckbury, and The New Inn, and from The Birches Brook to the Hand Post in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County of Salop, and for making the same more effectual.

102. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Newcastle under Lyne; and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid.

103. An Act for continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Feversham, at a Place called Bound Gate.

104. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County.

105. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the County of Derby; and also the Road from the North End of the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of Tankersley Park, in the said County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Rotherham aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Pleasley aforesaid.

106. An Act for reviving, continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

107. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Derby to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

108. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington, in the County of Cornwall; and for widening and repairing the Road leading from Bushford to Beal's Mill, in the Parish of Stoke Climsland; and also the Road from Penterscross, in the Parish of Pillaton, to a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming, all in the said County.

109. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Horsham to the Top of Beeding Hill, and from Steyning to the Top of Steyning Hill, in the County of Sussex.

110. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York.

112. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Second and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Post on Haselden's Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath; and from Milkhouse Street, in the same Parish, to Castleden's Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden; and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newenden, in the County of Kent.

113. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester; and from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County; and other Roads therein mentioned.

114. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County.

115. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Gibbet or Lutterworth Hand, on the Watling Street Road, through the Parishes of Churchover, Brownsover, Newhold upon Avon, Rugby and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County, at or near a Public House known by the Sign of The Cock, in the said Parish of Bilton.

116. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Ipswich to South Town; and from the said Road at Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darsham to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk.

117. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from The Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston; and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwell to Brixton Causeway; and from Newington to the East End of Peckham Lane; and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts now in force, as relates to the said Roads; and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid to Witchcross, in the County of Sussex.

118. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor and Montgomery; and for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery.

119. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon.

120. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scott’s Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss in the County of Roxburgh.

121. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Place called Open-wood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby.

122. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and several other Towns and Places, in the County of Glamorgan); and for making, altering, repairing, and widening, certain other Roads within the said County.

123. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint Mary’s to Sutton Wash, in the said County.

124. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from the causeway, in the Parish of Low Layton, to the End of the said Parish of Woodford, next Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads.

125. An Act for amending the Roads from a Place called Piff's Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham, to Elston Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the Road from Cirencester to Gloucester; and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Burford Turnpike Road at a Place called Pewsdon Ash; and from Cheltenham to the Road from Gloucester to London, at or near a House called Kilkenny, and from the Direction Post in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Painswick, and at a House called The Harrow, all in the County of Gloucester.

126. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop; and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge; and from the Garden of Henry Hattat at Awbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle Esquire, at East Tuderley, and from Lockerley Mill Stream to East Dean Gate; and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury.

127. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame, to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Postcombe and Tetsworth, in the said County of Oxford.

128. An Act to enlarge the Term, and explain and amend the Powers, of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottesbach, to the South End of Mill Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act to enable William Lucas Holden to take and use the Surname of Rose.

2. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Wiple.

3. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Hendrick Van Hagen.

4. An Act for inclosing, and leasing or letting, a certain Common, and certain Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Marston Montgomery, in the County of Derby, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor’s Rate, and other Parochial Taxes of the said Parish.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common or Stinted Pastures, Wolds, Ings, Sands, Meadow Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York.

6. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Commons, and waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Norfolk.

7. An Act for naturalizing Simon Tamm.

8. An Act for naturalizing John Andrew De Luc.

9. An Act for naturalizing Thomas Oom, Charles Frederick Bremer, and Daniel Philipp Dobbert.

10. An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Evelyn Viscount Falmouth, and others, and the Guardians of their Issue Male, to make Leases of the Estates in Cornwall devised by the Will of Hugh late Viscount Falmouth deceased, and also to grant Sets and Leases of the Mines therein.

11. An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Somerset, and in the City of London, devised by of Thomas late Earl of Leicester deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, situate in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Arable Fields, and the Down or Common called Colerne Down, within the Parish of Colerne, in the County of Wilts.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Egleston, in the County of Durham.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Heath, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Meriden, in the County of Warwick, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Wash Grounds, Within the Townships of Wykeham and Ruston, in the Manor of Wykeham, in the North Riding of the County of York,

16. An Act to enable William Pemberton Esquire, and his first and other Sons, and their Issue, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Cludde, pursuant to the Will of Edward Cludde Esquire, deceased.

17. An Act for vesting in Trust, for Peter Lord King, and his Heirs, the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of a Messuage, or Dwelling House, in Dover-street, in the County of Middlesex, devised and limited by the Will of Thomas Lord King deceased, and for settling a Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the same Will.

18. An Act for confirming an Exchange agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of Hereford and the Right Honourable Charles Lord Sommers, of certain Estates in the County of Hertford.

19. An Act for confirming a Mortgage made by John Newnham Esquire, of Part of his settled Estates in Sussex, pursuant to a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, and for enabling him to make a further Mortgage of his settled Estates, according to such Decree, and for discharging both Incumbrances with the Produce of his Estates vested in Trustees to be sold.

20. An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement between the Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester, near Winchester, in the County of Southampton, and their Lessee, and Robert Pope Blachford Esquire, for Exchange of certain Grounds in the Parish of Whippingham, in the Isle of Wight, and County of Southampton aforesaid.

21. An Act for vesting two thirty-sixth Shares of the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias Asland, in the County of Lancaster, Part of the settled Estates of Edward Holt Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

22. An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Anthony Wharton Esquire, deceased, situate and being in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein expressed.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Waste, or Common, called Lizard Common, within the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands called Frodington, otherwise Fraddington, otherwise Fratton Common, and South Sea Common and Wastes, in the Guildable Part of the Parish of Portsea, and County of Southampton.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Kinnerley and Mclveruy, in the County of Salop.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Townships of Pickering and Newton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Holbrooke, in the Parish of Duffield, in the County of Derby.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Upper Clatford, in the County of Southampton.

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Waste Land, within the Lordship or Liberty of Osgathorpe, in the County of Leicester.

30. An Act to enable John Simpson (lately called John Bridgman) Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Simpson, pursuant to the Will of William Simpson Esquire, deceased, and also to bear the Arms belonging to the Family of Simpson.

31. An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estate of Heneage Earl of Aylesford, in the County of Kent, for another Estate, of greater Value, in the same County, to be settled in lieu thereof.

32. An Act for vesting a Cottage or Tenement, used as and for a School-home, and other Hereditaments, in or near the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, in Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, in lieu of, or in Compensation for, a Messuage or Tenement and Garden, situate and being in the Town of Bland ford Forum, of greater Value.

33. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates, and such of the Estates of the Right Honourable Sir John Shelley Baronet, deceased, which, upon his Death, descended to his Son Sir John Shelley Baronet, an Infant, as his Heir at Law, in Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned.

34. An Act for better regulating the Charity of John Shaftoe, of Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland, Clerk, deceased.

35. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Henry Hippisley Coxe Esquire, in Somersetshire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant as well Leases of the Coal Mines as other Leases.

36. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Cotes Esquire, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An Act to effectuate a Partition of the Estates of Job Hanmer Esquire, the Reverend Erasmus Warren Clerk, and Sir Thomas Charles Banbury Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex.

38. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Topp Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and the Costs of Suit, pursuant to the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and for discharging Part of the Estates so vested from a perpetual yearly Rent Charge, and for subjecting Part of the said John Topp's devised Estates to the Payment thereof.

39. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Estates of Barnbarroch and Shenchan, lying in the County of Wigtown, and Stewartry of Kircudbright, belonging to Robert Agnew Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting either of those Estates, and for vesting the Remainder in Fee Tail to the same Heirs, and under the same Limitations, as are mentioned in the Deed of Entail thereof, bearing Date the twenty-ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven.

40. An Act for vesting the Estate of Drummodie, and others, lying in the County of Wigtown, in Sir William Maxwell, of Munreith, Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for vesting in the said Sir William Maxwell, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Tail, the Estate of Little Killantrae, and others, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof.

41. An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of the Freehold and of Estates of William Clarke Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will for the Benefit of his Daughter Mary Forbes, and her Issue, in Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned.

42. An Act to enable the Honourable Wilbraham Tollemache, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Building Leases of certain Parts of Lands and Hereditaments in the County Palatine of Chester (devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Lionel late Earl of Dyfart), upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned.

43. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James Walwyn Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in the said James Walwyn, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said James Walwyn, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

44. An Act for Sale of a sufficient Part of the Estates of Hugh Parnell, a Lunatick, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Moss, within the Hamlet or Township of Forton, in the County of Lancaster.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Donnington upon Baine, in the County of Lincoln.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Crofts, and Common Meadows, and for draining and improving certain Common Moors, within the Parish of Wimborne Minster, in the County of Dorset.

48. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving certain Lands, Grounds, Carrs, and Common Pastures, in Woodmansey, Thearne, Weal, and Skidby, all in the Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste, or Common, in the Parish of Sidlesham, in the County of Sussex.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York.

51. An Act for naturalizing William Henry Collignon.

52. An Act for naturalizing Barnard Levi.

53. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Llandegai, in the County of Carnarvon, belonging to the Trustees of the Free School of Beaumaris, in the Right Honourable Richard Lord Penrhyn, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and his Heirs, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned.

54. An Act for vesting a Fee Farm Rent, belonging to Thomas Borrett Esquire, and Martha his Wife, in the County of Bedford, comprized in a Settlement made upon their Marriage, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; and for vesting other Parts of their settled Estates, situate in the County of Kent, for the separate Use of the said Martha Borrett, and to other Uses, the same as in the former Settlements thereof.

55. An Act to enable Elizabeth Osborne, William Symonds, Thomas Symonds Powell, and John Moore Green, their Heirs or Assigns, to convey certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Clehonger, in the County of Hereford, and which are now subject to the Trusts of the Will of the late John Smith Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands in the same County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, upon the Trusts of the said Will of the said John Smith.

56. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Foffont, Swallow-clift, Ebesborne, Wake, Broadchalk, Bowerchalk, Alvedeston, Bishopston, and Fifield, in the County of Wilts.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, or Pasture Grounds, and Common, within the Township of Kilnwick, in the Parish of Kilnwick, in the East Riding of the County of York

58. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Inglis Esquire, with Ann Stewart his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act to enable John Schrieber Esquire, and the Heir of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lateward,

60. An Act for naturalizing Charles Imhoff.

61. An Act for naturalizing Hermann Graumann.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. vicesimo quinto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighteenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; being the second Session of the sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain

CAP. I.

An Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and his Majesty's Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of his Majesty's European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed.

---

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and his Majesty's Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the same, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be imported or brought into any Port, Harbour, or Place, in the Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty begging, from any Place or Country belonging to the United States of America, upon any Pretence whatsoever, except Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, under the Rcttriftions and Regulations herein after mentioned any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the same, no Bread, Flour, or Live Stock, shall be brought or ^ported, from any Place or Country belonging to the said United States of America, into any Port, Har-.°.r Place of the said Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging, except in British-built Ships, which shall actually and bona fide belong to and be wholly owned by British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, and which shall, within the Space of seven Months previous to the Time

[Preamble.]

Reftrtflinnj nr\ the Imp <r ation of Goods into NewfoundhoJ.

No Bread, Flour, or Livestock, to be imported into Newfoundland from the United States of America, except in licensed British-built Ships &c.

aj)V other Persons who may be duly authorised in that Kingdom, respectively, in the Manner and Form herein th Cnment'°nc^ ’ wLich Licences shall continue and be in force for seven Calendar Months from the Day of a u uP?n which they are respectively granted, and no longer, th r. aIways, and be it enacted, That no such Licence shall be granted by virtue of this Act after

c thirtieth pay of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Pj V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Person having the Se Command of any Ship or Vessel to v/hnm such Licence shall be granted shall, upon the Arrival

In j

or Vessel at the Port, Harbour, or Place in the Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent j ? to his Majesty belonging, where he shall discharge Inch Bread, Flour, or Live Stock, deliver up the

licence tc\ ni'lArd'il Upon the

*, and the Pounds; and

Time for granting Licence* limi’ed.

Matter of Vessel to deli.erLiceiice to Custom house Officer at Port of Discharge

Vn,v?f! or 01 ^er proper Officer of the Customs at

who shall give a Conittcife

Newfoundland, is hereby enjoined and required to

6o 4

Coodt Imported contrary to thii Afl, to be forfeited#

Tfow to be divided*

Continuance of this Act.

C. 1 - 3. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

glveaXeruficate (b ttiS Master <tt JterfolT having the Charge Or Command1’ of fijeh Sttp or Vessel, of tus having received the said Licence so indorsed as before directed, and to transmit the lame to the Commissioners of his Majesty *s Customs in England, or Scotland, or to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, respectively, by whom such Licence was granted.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Bread, Flour, or Live Stock* shall be imported or brought from any Place or Country belonging to the said United States of America, into the said Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging, without the Licence by this Act directed \ or if any other Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be imported or brought into the said Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging, from any Place or Country belonging to the said United States of America-, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, all such Bread, Flour, Live Stock, and other Goods, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs in the said Island, and the lame, as well as the pecuniary Penalty inflated by thus Act, may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in any Court of Vice Admiralty which shall have Jurisdiction within the said Island of Newfoundland; and, after deducting the Charges of prosecuting the lame from the grofe Produce thereof, the Remainder shall be given, one third to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, oik: other third to the Governor of the said Island, and the other thud to the Officer or Officers of the Customs who shall seize and prosecute for the same.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in force from the Commencement thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

The Form of the Licence directed by this Acte

By the Commissioners for managing and causing to be levied and collected his Majesty's Customs, Subsidies, and other Duties, in [where].

WHEREAS [Name of the Person], one of his Majesty's Subjects refuting at

[Place where], hath given Notice to us the Commissioners of his Majesty's [Customs in Great Britain, or Revenue in Ireland], that he intends to lade at [some Port of the United

States in America], and import into, f some Part of NewfoundlandJ, in the

[Ship's Name], being a British-built Ship [describing the Tonnage, and what Sort of Vessel], navigated according to Law, whereof [Masters Name] is Master, bound to [where];

and it appearing by the Register of the said Ship the [Ship's Name], whereof

[Master's Name] is Master, that the said Ship the [Ship's Name] was built at

[Place where], and owned by [Owner's Name], residing at [Place where]*

all his Majesty's British Subjects, and that no foreigner, directly or indirectly, hath any Share, Part, or Interest therein:

Now be it known that the said [Person's Name] hath Licence to lade onboard the said

Ship [Ship's Name], at and from any Port or Place belonging to the United States of

America, Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, the Produce of the said United States, and no other Article whatsoever, and to carry the said Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to some Port or Place on the Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging; and on the Arrival of the said Ship at any Port, Harbour, or Place of Discharge in Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging, the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of the said Ship is required and enjoined to deliver up the said Licence to the Collector, or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs there, and to indorse on [he Back thereof, the Marks, Numbers, and Contents of each Package of Bread or Hour, and the Description and Pale of each Sort and Species of Live Stock, on Penalty of one hundred Pounds; and shall there* upon receive a Certificate thereof from the said Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs.

This Licence to continue in force for Calendar Months from the Date hereof*.

Signed by us the at the

one thousand seven hundred and

Licence to import Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, the Produce of the United States of America, into Newfoundland.

this

Day of

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

CAP. III.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

A.D. 178$. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 4 - 11* 605

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

[4l. in the Pound.]

CAP. V.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States; and for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty), for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

States), which said Act was continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of thousand seven hundred and eighty-five: And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Powers given by the said Act were extended to the Trade and Inter-

course between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same might

sj Geo.

*4. Geo. c. 4.

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the (kid Continued until Acts, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of APril 5* *7*6* April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Faversham, the Hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, and the several Parishes of Ospringe, Seasalter, and Whitstable, in the County of Kent.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

CAP. IX.

An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the High Street, and other Places within the Town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

CAP. X.

An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and certain new Houses of Correction, for the County of Gloucester, and for regulating the same.

CAP. XI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 1,500,000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before Jan. j,

1786, in like Manner as is preferred by the Malt Act of this Session, concerning Leans, tfc. The

I 8

" Clauses,

C. 12 - 18. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Clauses, In the said Act relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills, (Exception,) extended to this Act* 44 Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Taxes,^ nor exchanged before April 44 6, 1786. Action not to lie for such Refusal. Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid outtf the next Supplies; and if sufficient Supplies be not granted before July c. 1786, to be charged on the Sinking Fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first Supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said Sum on the Credit of this Act; an Act 5 & 6 Guh & Maria notwithstanding."

CAP. XII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 1,000,000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before Jaru 5, 44 1786, in Manner as by the Malt Act of this Session is prescribecL WV. The Clauses in the said Act re- lating to Loans or Bills, extended to this Act. Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1786. Money so raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary Aid; and if sufficient Supplies be not granted before July e, 1786, to be charged on the Sinking Fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first Supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said Sum on the Credit of this Act; an Act 5 & 6 GuL & Maria notwithstanding."

CAP. XIII.

An Act for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, within the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln.

CAP. XV.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for taking down the present Market House, and certain other Buildings, in the Town of Uxbridge, for the Purpose of widening The High Street, and for paving the Foot-ways, and lighting and cleaning the Streets and other Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for changing the Course of the Road between Mercer's Bridge and High Bridge; and for rebuilding the said Market House.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to enable the House of Commons to authorise the Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford, to proceed in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of Controverted Electors, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to impower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of Newgate for the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery of Newgate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King’s Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex.

Majesty's Court of King's Bench in such County t>r Place: And whereas it hath oftentimes happened that the Gaol of Newgate in Londm hath not been delivered of all the Prisoners in it, nor the Buftnels of a Sof-« fion of Gaol Delivery of the said Gaol of Newgate for the County of Middlesex finally concluded before the Essoign Day of Term, and the Sitting of his Cud Majesty's Court of King’s Bench at Westminster in the said County of Middlesex, by redson whereof divers Prisoners in the said Gaol of Newgate have remained un-« tiled at such SdTton, and have been kept and continued in the said Gaol until the following; Session, to the great Inconvenience of the Publick, to the manifest Hindrance and Delay of Justice, to the Preventionbf speedy and condign Punishment being.inflicted on Offenders, and to the great Increase of the Number of prisoners confined in the said Gaol, from which the most alarming and dangerous Consequences are at Times dreaded and likely to ensue P May it therefore pfeafe your Majesty that it may be enadfod*. and be

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. 607

it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the third Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, when any Session of Session of G«ol Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of the said Gaol of Nnvgate for the said County of Middlesex, shall Delircty of have been begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of any Term, that the same Session shall and may be f°Jot

continued to be holden, and the Business thereof finally concluded, notwithstanding the happening of such to be discontU Essoign Day of any Term, or the Sitting of his Majesty's said Court of King's Bench at tVcJlminJhr, or nued by the elsewhere in the said County of Middlesex \ and that all Trials, Judgements, Proceedings, Acts, Deeds, Sitting of the^ Matters and Things whatsoever, and all Proceedings, Acts, Deeds, Matters and Things, in pursuance of Court of King’* such Judgements had, made, and done at such Session so continued to be holden after the Essoign Day of any Beneb*

Term, or the Sitting of his said Majesty's Coqrt of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere in the said County of Middlesex, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, and deemed, reputed, and taken to be so, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Publick Act.]

[Publick Act.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall and shall be deemed and taken to be a

CAP. XIX.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Publick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

WHEREAS it is highly expedient, for the Publick Service, that an Enquiry should be made respecting the Expences in the different Offices and Departments of his Majesty's Government herein after mentioned, and the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received and taken.

therein, with a View to such Regulations as shall be judged expedient and proper for the Correction of Abuses which may have arilen, and to eftest such Savings as maybe made in each; that is to say. The Offices and Departments under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, the Master General, the Lieutenant General, the Surveyor General, and Officers compoiing the Board of Ordnance, the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, his Majesty's Secre- tary at War, the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland'

respectively, the Commissioners of the Excise in England and Scotland respectively, the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt Seamen, the Commissioners for Taxes, the Commissioners for Stamps, the Commissioners for Salt Duties, the Postmaster General, the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue, the Auditors of the Land Revenue, the Surveyor General of Woods and Forcfls, the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches, and the Commissioners for Hawkers and Pedlars:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, for the Office of the Treasury, for the Office of Paymaster General of to^aVRcttra^ his Majesty's Forces, the Offices of Customs and Excise in England and Scotland respectively, the Offices of Fccj, &c. of Taxes, Stamps, and Salt Duties, the Offices of the Postmaster General, Surveyor General, and Audi- taken in their tors of the Land Revenue, Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests, and also for the Offices for Hackney Dt*

Coaches, and for Hawkers and Pedlars respectively; that the Commissioners for executing the Office of Par|ro^"t% b?-' Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Admiralty, for the Treasurer of the Navy, for the Offices of ^ifljoncri0^-the Navy and Victualling, and for Sick and Hurt Seamen respectively; and the Principal Secretaries of in after named., State for their several Offices, the Matter General of the Ordnance for the Office of Ordnance, his Majesty's Secretary at War for his Office, shall, with all convenient Speed, lay the Returns of the Fees,

Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, usually taken, demanded, or received, by any Clerk or Officer Jdthin any of the before mentioned Offices or Departments respectively, or Copies thereof, together with Copies of the Annual Eftaoli some nts, and also of the Incident Bills for defraying the contingent Expences of the said Offices or Departments, as they respectively flood in the Year one thousand seven hundred and.

*ghty-two, or in such preceding and subsequent Years as they shall judge most convenient, before. Sir

John Dick Baronet, and William Mollcjon Esquire, Comptrollers of foe Army Accounts, together with Names of Com*’

Brands Baring Esquire, who are hereby constituted Commissioners for making the Enquiries intended by missionem

wis Act: And that the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall, and they are hereby required to TheiiDurr,.

take into their ConliJcration all the said Returns, Establishments, and Incident Bills, and shall proceed

thereupon according to such Instructions and Directions as they shall from Time-to Time receive from the King's most Excellent Majesty in Council; and the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, report

and certify their Proceedings, in Writing under the Hands, and Seals of them, or any two of them, to the King in Council, upon each Office or Department, specifying what Officers and Clerks belong to or arc

employed in the same, and what is the Duty, Services, and Attendance required of them, together with the

ses* Gratuities, perquisites, and Emoluments, which the said Officers and-Clerks, or their, Substitutes or.

linden

6o8

emmtflSonen may take Exa-iriinations on Oath i

tnd may fend for Person», Pipers, and Records.

Commissioneia to be (worn.

Their Oath.

Penalty on giving false Evidence.

On Death, &c. of a Commit Roller, his Majesty may appoint a Successor.

Continuance of thii A£*

C. 19, 20. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Under Clerk?, may or ought lawfully to have and take for or in respect of their several Offices and Places; adding, at the same Time, such Observations as shall occur to them, and such Plans, either for Correction and Improvement, or for abolishing or regulating any of the said Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, or for carrying into Execution the general Purposes of this Act, as may appear to them proper to be adopted for the Time to come; and in particular, the said Commissioners shall, in all Cases in which they shall be of Opinion that any P ecs ought to continue to be taken in any of the said Offices or Departments, consider and report whether it will be practicable to appoint a Person to receive and distribute the same, under the Directions of the several Boards or principal Officers, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as shall be hereafter settled.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two of them, and they are hereby impowered, authorised, and required, to examine upon Oath (which Oath they, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to administer) the several Persons employed under the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, the Principal Secretaries of State, the Matter General of the Ordnance, and his Majesty's Secretary at War, and the several Persons in any other of any of the Offices or Departments before mentioned, whom they shall think (it to summon at such Time or limes as shall be fixed, on Application to be made to the Principals of the said Offices for such Purpose, and all other Persons who have had any Dealings or Transactions with the said Offices, or the Representatives of such Persons, whom the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall think fit to examine, touching the Fees, Gratuities, Pefquifitfcs, and Emoluments taken therein, and touching all other Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers vetted in the said Commissioners by this Act; all which Persons are hereby required and directed punctually to attend the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed, and also toob-(erve and execute such Orders and Directions as the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall make or give for the Purposes before mentioned.

IH. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall be, and are hereby impowered to examine into any corrupt and fraudulent Practices, or other Mifcort-dust, as far as relates to the Purposes intended by this Act, committed by any Person or Persons concerned in the Management of any of the Offices or Departments herein before mentioned: And, for the better Execution of this present Act, the said Commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to meet and fit, from Time to Time, in such Place or Places within the Cities of London and Westminster, as they shall find most convenient, with or without Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, for any Person or Persons whatsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings, or Records relating to any of the Offices or Departments herein before mentioned, as shall be necessary for carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners named in this Act, before they enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath, before the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Time being (which he is hereby authorised and required to administer), the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; that is to say;

I A.B. do swear, Tljat, according to the lejl of my Skill and Knowledge, will faithfully, impartially, and

truly, execute the several Powers and Tru/ls veiled in me by an Act for appointing Commissioners to en-

quire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in

the several Publick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the lame; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Bufinefc transacted in the said Offices / according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath before the said Commissioners respectively, as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law now in being, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies by Death or Resignation of any one or more of the said Commissioners, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think proper, to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies: and that every Person so nominated and appointed (having taken the Oath of Office above mentioned) shall be held and considered to be invetted with all the same Powers as are delegated to the Commissioner appointed by this Act, in whose Room such Person is so no-

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XX.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; together with those named in three former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the twenty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, and in the Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 21, 609

CAP. XXI.

An Act to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses, within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distillation of Corn Spirits in small Stills, in certain Counties or Districts of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authoring the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences, to Persons living in the Paid Counties or Districts, to distil Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties; and for imputing a Duty on such Licences.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act to discontinue, for Qe0t ^ 4 \j a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and recited,

for granting and fee urtrig the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for defy eying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits, after the Condemnation thereof \ and for ve/ling in his Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lanas of Ferintofh, in the County of Tnvernef$; and for dj continuing, for a limited Time,

certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies); it was, among other Things, enacted, That it should and might be lawful for the Commissioners of the Excise, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or the major Part of them, notwithstanding the several former Acts and Statutes then subsisting in relation to the distilling and manufacturing Spirits from Corn, and notwith-4 (landing the Provisoes and Regulations in that Act, to authorise and impower such Number of Persons as they should judge proper and expedient, within the Highland Pantiles or Districts of the Counties therein mentioned, to erect, keep, and work Stills, the cubical Contents of which, including the Head, should not exceed twenty Gallons, English Measure, or at the most thirty Gallons, nor in any Case be of less than the first mentioned Size: And whereas it now appears that the Purposes which the said Act was intended to answer, with respect to the Revenue, and the Improvements of Agriculture in the Parishes and Districts aforesaid, have been in a great Measure defeated by the V ariety of Restrictions therein contained, and particularly by the Size of the Stills being too small/ be it therefore enacted by the King’s So much of the most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, recited act, at and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as particularly respects the Highland Counties of Scotland, shall be and the same is hereby Sco?tla^ *r° w repealed, and that no Action for Penalties incurred shall be brought in Terms thereof. peeled. V

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the first Day of December one Licences may thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or as soon as may be in the Course of that Month, and so from be framed an-Year to Year thereafter, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Excise in nuitly, by the Scotland, or the major Part of them, by Licences under their Hands, to authorise Persons, qualified as herein Comm:ffianen after mentioned, within the several Counties of Orkney, Caithness, Sutherland, Rojs, Cromarty, Invernfs, c* E.*c,jC in-.u-Argyle, Bute, Stirling, Clackmannan, Perth, Dumbarton, Aberdeen, Forfar, Kinkardine, Banff, Na'n n, and c*r°|a High- Elgin (excepting those Parts of the Counties of Dumbarton, Stirling, Clackmannan, and Perth, herein land counties, after ddcribed), to erect, keep, and work Stills, the cubical Contents of which respectively (halt not be for divining less <han thirty, nor more than forty Gallons of English Measure, including their respective Heads, and to Cwrn bP,nr* distil and draw oft Spirits from the Barley, Bear, or big, of the Growth of the said Counties, during the Term of one Year and for no longer or shorter Space, from the Date of the Commission or Licence, and to use, fell, and dispose of the Spirits so diddled, subject to the Restrictions and Regulations, and on Payment of a Composition or Licence Duty at the Rate of twenty Shillings Sterling for each English Gallon of the Content of such Still, for the Space aforesaid, and that in Place of the whole Rates and Duties imposed on the distilling of Corn Spirits, and upon the Malt or Grain from which the Spirits are extracted; but declaring that the licensed Distillers shall not be allowed any Drawback or Deduction from the above Duty, on account of their, or either of them, having bought from any entered Maltster any Bart of the Malt to be used by them, and for which the ordinary Duties upon Malt have been paid, or are due.

III. And, for the better ascertaining the Persons to whom such Licences may be granted, the Conditions tinder which they are to be obtained, and the Powers of the Commissioners of Excise, and others, with respect to the granting thereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, within two Months after The Heritors of wie passing of this Act, the Heritors of each Parish, within which such licensed Stills are to be permitted, or «h P«riib to Persons duly authorised to act for them, shall assemble in the Parish Church, previous Notice of the Day ff«/nbieand. and Hour and Purpose of such Meeting being given by Advertisement, signed by the Collector of the Ex-cue of the Bounds, and by one or more of the principal Heritors of the Parish, or their Factors, and per to be affixed on the Church Doors for two Sundays preceding the Day of Meeting *, and shall proceed by a confed. Majority of the Voices, not in point of Number, but according to the Extent of their valued Rents, so that

those

7

itizeoK by

to bctranf-*rnitted to the Com rnifli oner* of Exci/l* at Edinburgh.

Heritors to assemble in the Month of May.

Jf Heritors ne-gltO to transmit Lin?, Commissioner^ to license such Persons as they think proper-

Power o hgrant- f jog Licences iicnted.

610 G. 22. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

those who collectively shall have the greatest Extent of valued Rent, shall be deemed to have the Majority of Voices, to make out a List of the Persons within the said Parish to whom such Licences may most properly be granted; which Lift the Prefes or Clerk of the Meeting shall forthwith transmit to the Commissioners of Excise at Edinburgh, and a Copy thereof to the Collector of Excise within whose Bounds the said Parish lies; and the said Commissioners shall have Power to limit the Licences to be granted, in consequence of the said Lifts, to such Number as they shall judge the particular Circumstances and Population of each Parish or County shall require, provided the Number be not less than two for each Parish, if so many shall be demanded by the Heritors; which being done, the said Commissioners shall without Delay, return the said Lifts, so approved of or rettri&ed, to the different Collectors of Excite, with Orders to give immediate Notice thereof to the Persons to whom Licences are to be granted, and to require them to find Security as herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That, in all succeeding Years, the Heritors of each Parish shall assemble for the Purpose of making out the Lifts as aforesaid, in the first or second Week of May, at the Parish Church, previous Notice being given of the precise Day and Hour of Meeting by Advertisement on the two preceding Sundays as aforesaid; which Lifts shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of Excise, in the Manner before directed, who shall, without Delay, give Notice to the respective Collectors of Excise of the Bounds, to what Extent the Lifts are approved of, and who are to be intitled to Licences, on the first Day of December following, or as soon after as may be in the Course of that Month; and the Collector or Collectors shall in like Manner forthwith give the lame Notice to the Persons who are so receive the Licences: And if, from Neglect or Inattention, no Lift shall be transmitted from the Heritors of any Parish to the said Commissioners, the said Commissioners shall nevertheless give Orders to the Collectors of Excise of the Bounds to issue Licences for the ensuing Year to such Persons as they shall think proper, the Number of which Persons shall not be Ids than two, as before mentioned, if so many are demanded*; and those Persons who held them for the preceding Year shall have the Preference, on paying the former Composition, and complying with the other Regulation herein after mentioned.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby specially provided and declared, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person to erect or work any Still under this Act, within ten English Statute Miles of any Distillery regularly entered according to the Laws of Excise, and provided such entered Distiller has paid yearly, for the two preceding Years, Duties to the Extent of eight hundred Pounds Sterling yearly, and is going on in the same Business; or who, being in that Business, and within the Distance aforesaid, shall require the Suppression of a small Still, and give Obligation, with sufficient Security, that the Duty to be imposed upon the Distillery, carried on by him, her, or them, shall amount to at least the said yearly Sum of eight hundred Pounds Sterling for two Years to come, the Distance to be computed by the usual publick Road, or by any usual Ferry or Passage by Water.

VI. Provided also, That no Person shall be intitled to a Licence under this Atff who shall not, at the Time of his or her Application, produce a Recommendation from the Heritor on whose Property he or she lives, or his Fadior, and a Certificate of his or her being a Person of good Character, and reputed in good Circunrtstances, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons proposed to be given as Security for the Payment of the Duty hereby imposed upon his Licence, and of the further Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, to answer the Payment of such Penalties as he or she may incur.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when the Persons who are to obtain Licences in any particular Parish are thus ascertained, they shall be ob.iged to find Security, to the Satisfaction of the Collector of Excise of the Bounds, that they shall take out their Licences at the Time and in the Manner before directed, and shall make Payment ol one Quarter of the said Licence Duty at the Time when the Licence shall be delivered to them, and of another Quarter of the same at the End of each three Months then after, till the whole twenty Shillings is paid for the Year’s Licence; and in case they, or either of them, fail to give such Security, with at lead one Cautioner bound for him, to the Satisfaction of the Collector as aforesaid, the Person so failing shall no: be intitled to the Licence, but in that Case it shall be in the Power of the said Collector to grant a similar Mccr.ce to any other Person within the same Parish who shall appear to him sufficiently qualified for the Purpose; and who is willing to pay and find Security as aforesaid, the Collector of Excise always preferring those who have been recommended by the Heritors; and that each Licence so to be issued as aforesaid, shall specify the Name and Plage of Udidcnceof the Person who obtains it, the Place at which the Still is to be erected, the Size of such Sti;l, together with an Acknowledgment of the Licence Duty to the above Extent being paid, and Security found for the Penalty, as before directed.

VIII. And whereas the said Privilege and Exemption are hereby granted for the Purpose of promoting Agriculture and Improvement in the said Highland Counties and Districts, and for accommodating the Inhabitants thereof with Spirits drawn from their own Grain at moderate Rates; and it has been com-

puted that a Still of forty Gallons, wrought in the Manner known and practised in those Districts of

x the Country, and during that Part of the Year in which it will commonly be in their Power to work k them, will manufacture into good Spirits two hundred and fifty Bolls, Linhthgenv Measure, of the Barley, A Bear, or Big, of these Counties, and no more, which will produce, at an Average, one thousand fix

hundred and sixty Gallons of pure Spirits, and that the Produce of (mailer Stills wiL be in a fimitar Proportion be it therefore enacted, That when a Licence shall be taken out, and the Composition Duty paid for a Still of forty Gallons, such Duty shall be held to be a Composition for the Duty on Malt to the Extent ot two hundred and fifty Bolls, Lnniihgc'.o Measure, and no more, and for the Duty on the spirits manufactured in such Still to the Extent ot one thou'.and six hundred and sixty Gallons Enzl’jhy and no more; and when a Licence shall be taken out, and the Composition Duty paid, for any Still ot

_ a Idler

[ ized by

CondHpns to be complied with, &c.

IVrfons who are to-oHr^in Li-

mull give

£cc«:llv. Sec.

i.irr»re to for^ t.ifv the Narjie ami RcfidcfiCC* k c.

Computation

thr Qt»J>

nu4« into

Sr tits 't*rly by a Mill Of 40 r.j l nr, ar.il of pro* d rbflcfrom.

fi.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 22. 611

Duty to fee paid for ail Malt and Spirit! exceeding those Qua* cities.

Excise Oftcert nay enter and furtey, See.

No Spirit! to be removed, within the before. mentioned Dif-tria», without* Fermi*

a lesser Size, the like Proportion shall be observed, both as to the Quantity of Malt, and the Quantity of Spirits for which such Duty Audi be held to be a Composition; and that for all Malt which mail be used or made by such Kcensed Distiller, over and above the said Quantity, and for all Spirits which shall be ma-nufa£lured from such Stills, over and above the Quantity aforesaid, there shall be paid the same Duties to which the entered Maltster and Distiller are, by the Laws of Excise, liable,

IX. And, for the more effectually securing to his Majesty's Revenue the Payment of the above mentioned Duties, for all Spirits which the Owners of such Stills shall be able to manufacture beyond the < Quantity corresponding as aforesaid, to the respective Sizes of the Stills,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of Excise shall at all Times have full Liberty to enter into and survey the Malt Barns and Distilleries belonging to such licensed Distiller, and to keep an exact Account of the Malt and Spirits manufactured therein, and to charge with the usual Duty all Malt made or used therein, exceeding the Quantity of two hundred and fifty Bolls in the Year and all Spirits exceeding in Quantity one thousand six hundred and sixty Gallons annually; and that no Spirits shall, from and after the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be allowed to pass or be carried from one Place to another within the Counties or Distri&s aforesaid, to which Counties or Distri&s the Sale of the Spirits to be manufactured in the Stills to be licensed under this Act is hereby expressly restricted, without being accompanied with a Permit from the proper Officer, expressing the Quantity so permitted to pass, and also mentioning that the same is the Produce of a licensed Still; that the Owner or Owners of such licensed Still or Stills mall, in Consideration of the annual Composition paid by him, her, or them, be intitled to demand free Permits, in the Course of the Year for which such Licences are held, for the Quantity of Spirits before expressed as the Produce of a Still containing forty Gallons, and for a proportional Quantity if die Still be or a lesser Size, but for no more, allowing them to pass any where within the said Counties or Districts; and in so far as Permits are demanded for a greater Quantity, they shall only be obtained on Payment of the Duties chargeable by Law on the entered Distillers and Maltsters.

X. And, for the more effectually preventing the Spirits which may be distilled by virtue of this Act,

from interfering with or prejudicing the Trade of the entered Distillers, who carry on their Business subject to the Payment of those Duties which are imposed by the Laws of Excise;* be it enacted, That no Still shall be licensed in the Counties of Dumbarton, Stirling Clackmannan, and Perth, to the East or Right Hand of a Line beginning at the Boat of Baloch, where Loch Lomond runs into the River Leven* and proceeding along the great Military Road from thence by Buckltvie, to the Town of Stirling; and from thence along the great Road called Hillfool7 Road, on the South Side of the Ocbell Hills, till it meets with the great Road from Kinross to Perth, and along the same till it comes to the Bridge of Earn, and along the Water of Earn till its Junction with the River Tay, and along that River, till it joins the German Ocean; and that no Spirits, the Produce of such licensed Stills, shall be allowed to pass, either with or without Permit, into the Southern Parts of the Kingdom, either by Land across the Line above expressed, or by Water Carriage from the Coasts or Ports of any of the Counties mentioned in this Act; and that all Spirits, distilled to the Weft and North of the above Line, the Produce of such licensed Stills, or not produced by Stills entered in the Manner directed by the Laws of Excise, that shall be found passing to or in other Parts of the Kingdom, either with or without Permit, shall be liable to Seizure by the proper Officers, to be difoofed of by them in the same Manner as other Spirits so seized ire directed to be disposed of by the Laws of Excise.

XI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every licensed Distiller having in his Possession or using a Still of larger Dimensions than those for which he has obtained a Licence and paid a Composition, shall be subject to a further Duty of two Pounds Sterling for each Gallon such Still shall contain, over and above the Quantity specified in his Licence; and if such Surplus shall exceed three Gallons English*, he shall forfeit such Still, and all the Utensils thereto belonging, together with his Licence, and be liable to a Penalty of twenty Pounds Sterling; and further, if he shall be convicted of having in his Possession any other Still than that for which he has obtained a Licence, he shall in like Manner forfeit his Licence, and be subject to a Penalty of fifty Pounds Sterling, and such unlicensed Still shall be seized and forfeited; and every licensed Distiller, v\'ho mail be convicted of using any Grain, not the Growth of the Counties above mentioned, or some one of them, shall forfeit five Shillings per Bushel for all such Giain or Malt, and shall in like Manner forfeit his Still and Utensils, and his Licence.

XII. And it is hereby declared, That no licensed Distiller or Distillers shall sell or dispose of any Malt, under any Pretence whatever, nor have in his, her, or their Custody, any Com Spirits other than those of their own Manufacture, unless the same shall have been purchased from an entered or licensed Distiller,

nd accompanied with a regular Permit; and if he, she, or they shall act contrary hereto, he, she, or they shall forfeit their Licence and Utensils, and double the Value of the said Malt and Spirits.

XIII. And whereas the licensed Distiller is intitled by this Act to a free Permit to the Extent of one thousand six hundred and sixty Gallons of Spirits for a Still of forty Gallons, and so in Proportion for one of a lesser Size, being the full Quantity for which the above Composition is meant to be paid ;* it is declared, That no Spirits mail be removed from the Place they arediftiiled at, without a Permit; and that all Spirits carrying from one Place to another, without Permit, shall be seized and forfeited.

XIV. And, in order the more effectually to prevent the Use of Stills of any other Size than those

allowed by the Law's of Excise, or those authorised by this A cl, and the distilling of Corn Spirits by any Persons other than those qualified according to Law, or who shall hold Licences in pursuance of this

Ad,* be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Still shall be made or offered to Direaiooi rel*. Sale for Home Use, without having stamped or engraved thereon the Maker’s Name, and Place of Re- live to the mat* Vql* XIV. Part V. 4 K fidence, b»«of*ui*

No StiUs to b« Kunfcrt it or*

1*1* P*rta ofthl Ctuariet of Dan barton, Stifling, &c.

Spirits, the Pro* duce of licensed Stills removed to the Southern Put! of the Kingdom, liable to Seize*

Penalty on having larger Still* than those compounded for,

or on dispo/iag of any Malt, &c.

No Spirit* to be removed from the Place where distilled, without a Permit.

Stills made cen-tmyv may b« Seized*

612 C. 22 - 24. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

fidence, with its cubical Content expressed by the Number of Gallons, under a Penalty of ten Pounds Sterling on the Maker or Seller of every Still made or sold contrary to this Provision; and also, that as Stills made for the Use of Chymists, Druggists, or Perfumers, shall in the same Manner be marked, w Chymists, Druggijls, or Perfumers Stilly and that no Person shall fell, for Home Use, a Still of the Di-

mensions permitted to be licensed by this Act, except to Persons who polless Licences in pursuance thereof or 00 seeing a Certificate, from the Collector of the Bounds, of their Licence being ordered by the Commissioners of Excise; and further. That if any Still shall be found, on the said first Day of December next, in the Possession of any Person residing within any of the before mentioned Counties or Districts, not having the Name and Place of the Maker, its Contents or Number of Gallons, expressed upon it as herein before directed; or if its Dimensions be of a Kind not allowed by Law to be used in the Distillation of Corn Spirits, not marked as a Druggiffs, Chymist’s, or Perfumer’s Still, such Still shall be liable to Seizure by any Officer or Officers of Excise, who are hereby directed to destroy the fame; and the Materials of all such illegal Stills, so seized and destroyed, shall be sold by or under the Direction of the Collector of the Bounds, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be disposed of in like Manner as the Penalties herein alter mentioned are directed to be disposed of.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the licensed Distiller, on the Expiration of his Licence, unless the same shall be renewed within eight Days after such Expiration, shall be obliged to deposit his Still with ffie Officer of the District, or to dii'pose of it in the View and Presence of the said Officer, to some other Person taking out a Licence, or to the original Maker thereof; and in case of his failing lb to do, or uiing the said Still during the said eight Days, he shall be considered as an illicit Distiller, and be liable, to the same Penalties.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise may withdraw the Licences, or restrict their Number, in all or any of the Counties before mentioned, during the Course' of any Year, upon an Application from the Commissioners of Supply of such County, al-sembled at a Meeting previously advertised and called for the Purpose, by the Convenor of the County, certifying, as the Ground of such Application, that there are probable Grounds for apprehending a Scarcity of Grainy and in case the Licences shall be withdrawn, the licensed Distillers shall be respectively intitled tp a Return or Abatement of a Proportion of the Duty which had been paid for such Licences; and in case a Reitriclion only shall be imposed, such Restriction to be proportionably laid on all the Parishes of the County.

XVII. And. it is hereby further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall and may be sued for before any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace within the County where the Offence shall be committed, whole Sentence shall be subject to Review only by the Justices of the County in their Quarter Sessions, or before the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, but before no other Court; and that the said Penalty and Forfeiture shall be fuea for and recoverable by any of the Officers of Excise, or any of the Expectants of Excise, or any Member of the Kirk Session in the Parish within whidh the Offender lives, or by any licensed Distiller within the same Parish or County; and the one Half of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall go to the Poor of the Parish within which the Offence is committed, and the other Half thereof to the Prolocutor, and of which there shall be no Power of Mitigation; and all Actions for the Recovery thereof shall be commenced within lix Months after such Offence has been, committed.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, called The Water-side Division, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching certain Parts of and belonging to the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the County of Kent, within the said Water-side Division of the said Parish, therein mentioned.

Stilly how, to be

4i(poftrd^f after the Expiration of Licence.

Commissioneri of Excise may withdraw Li-WCCJ, &c.

Penaltlat at>4' lqrfeiwre»

Lnimt&tfoA of

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as imposes Duties on all Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained; and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, In din for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Linens fainted, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; and for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuff's bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on Licences for bleach- ing or dying the same \ land upon the Importation of Stuffs made of or mixed with Cotton, not painted, printed, Jiained, or dyed, in foreign Parts): And whereas so much of the said recited Act as impolcs Duties on all Stuffs made oi Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the

feme, has been found inconvenient be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confem of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 25 - 27. 613

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the pa/Sngof this Act, so Partoftfoere-fnuch and such Part of the said recited Act, as imposes Duties on all Cotton Stuffs made of Cotton and ^ted Actrepej Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed* Ste c71.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Importation of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships, into tire 23 Geo. 3. c. 14. 4 Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines; and of Goods the Produce or Aluiufallure of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia,

from thence into this Kingdom, in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom,

to be taken out, on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Ards for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Art, made in the twenty second Year of his Majesty's Kign, u for allowing the Importation of Goods the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America* it was, among other Things, enacted, That, during such Time as should be allowed by the Definitive Treaty of Peace to the Planters and Inhabitants to withdraw them- selves and their Effects from the Islands of Tobago and Saint Lucia, it should and might be lawful for such Persons to import, directly from thence into this Kingdom, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes,

being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said respective Islands, under certain Restrictions,

Rules, and Regulations, and upon Payment of such Duties as would have been due and payable for ffleh Goods, if they had been imported from any of the British West India Islands in British Ships: And whereas the Time allowed, for the Purposes aforesaid, by the said Definitive Treaty, is limited to the Space of eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratification of the said Treaty: And whereas Doubts may a rife, whether any Ship or Ships, clearing out from the said Island

of Tobago before the Expiration of the said Space of eighteen Months, but not arriving at any Port in this Kingdom until after the same is expired, come within the Meaning and Intention of the said Act, and can be admitted to Entry; for obviating whereof, and for giving further Relief to the Planters, Merchants,

and Inhabitants of the said Island of Tobago,' be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to the Planters, Goedt, tht P^« Merchants, and Inhabitants of the said Island of Tobago, to import directly from thence into this Kingdom 1objtof

any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said Island, may fceimpn.-t-in any Ship or Vessel clearing out from the said Island on or before the thirty-first Day of December one upon* thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon Payment of such Duties as would have been due and i>iym!nt o< feci* payable for such Goods, if they had been imported from any of the British JVefi India Islands in British t ih PU»tatka Ships, under such and the like Restrictions, Rules, and Regulations as are contained in the before Uuiic*. recited Act.

1L Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importer or Oatht0 betake* Importers of such Goods from the said Island of Tobago, shall make Oath, before the Collector or Comp- by the Importer, troller of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of Importation in this Kingdom, that, to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, the Goods so imported are really and bona fide the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said Island, and that the same were actually shipped on or before the said thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and have been directly imported from thence, or touching only at British Islands (which Oath such Collector or Comptroller is hereby impowered to MministerJ; and on Default of such Oath, the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Payment of the like Duties as they would be liable to if imported from any foreign West India lsland.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk.

614 C. 28—-30. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for opening an easy and commodious Communication from the High Street of Edinburgh, to the Country Southward; and also from the Lawn Market to the new-extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, for that Purpose; for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same; for rebuilding or improving the University; for enlarging the Publick Markets, and Communications thereto; for regulating certain Taxes; for lighting the said City; for providing an additional Supply of Water; for extending the Royalty of the said City; and for levying an additional Sum of Money for Statute Labour in the Middle District of the County of Edinburgh.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, in order to raise the necessary Supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto your Majesty the several new Rates and Duties here-

in after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Dfltici stal) be That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, paid for *11 Shop* levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout Great Britain, upon every House, throughout or Other Building, now or hereafter to be erected, any Part of which shall for the Time being be ufea

Grut Britain, w a g^of, publickly kept open for carrying on any Trade, or for selling any Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize, by Retail, and upon every Building or Place used as a Shop only, for the Purposes before mentioned, a yearly Duty according to the several and respective Rates following; (that is to lay,)

From the pearly Kent of 5 ! to SO I.—6 da IA

the Pound:

10 le to 151.— i s. in the Pound:

*5 1. to to I— 11* 6 d. in the Pound x *o L to *5 \a~ i» 9 d. in the Poundi

For every such House, or other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of five Pounds, and under ten Pounds, the yearly Sum of six Pence in the Pound of such Rent or Value;

For every such House, or other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of ten Pounds, and under fifteen Pounds, the yearly Sum of one Shilling in the Pound of such Reut or Value:

For every such House, or other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of fifteen Pounds, and under twenty rounds, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and six Pence in the Pound of such Rent or Value:

For every such House, or other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or V alue of twenty Pounds, and under twenty-five Pounds, the yearly Sum of one Shifting and nine Pence in the Pound of such Rent or Value:

a. l. and up- And for every such House, or other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of twenty-five Pounds wards, 2 ! in and upwards, the yearly Sum of two Shillings in the Pound of such Rent or Value:

the Found.

Which said yearly Rates or Duties shall be artefled and paid in Manner herein after expressed.

The above Du-

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several yearly Duties, so charged as aforesaid, shall be paid «ies to be paid over and above, and in Addition to the respective Duties charged by an Act, made in the fixen Year of his

in Addition to present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights-, and for

6Owe c 18^ granting to his Majestyother Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and by another Act, made in the jo Geo. 3.0.59; nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on all -’ ’ id Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting to his other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Art; and also for so much of an

Art made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present as imposes a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned-, and by another Act, made in the twenty-fourth and 14 Geo. 3. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for c. 3*7 granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof-, and also several Duties on inhabited Houses-, and upon the

Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee; and for repealing the Inland Duties of thereon.

III. And be it further enacted, That the first Assessment of the said Duties so hereby granted as aforesaid, shall be made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and un *«. eighty-five; and afterwards that the Assessment of the said Duties shall be made for one whole Year, from the fifth Day of April in every Year.

; by

Haute haw (t be ifleffed.

A.D. 1785. Anna vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. 615

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Duties by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall be paid D«t*€»tobe pels quarterly on the four following Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say)* The fifth Day of January, the ^airterl/>

hfth Day of April* the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October* in every Year, by equal Portions* ,

the full Payment thereupon to be made on the tenth pay 0i October one thoiifend seven hundred and eighty-five* ,

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties, granted by this Act as aforesakL shall be charged onH it the Oeeu. upon the Inhabitants or Occupiers for the Time being of the Houses, Buildings, or Places hereby charged, or their respective Executors or Administrators, and not on the Landlord or Landlords who shall have let or demised the same, except in the Case herein after mentioned; any Covenant or Agreement made or entered into previous to the passing of this Act, relative to the Payment of any Duties imposed, or to be imposed, on such Houses, Buildings, or Places, or upon such Inhabitants or Occupiers in itfpeft thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any House shall, by reason of having some Part thereof ufod MS a Shop, be liable to any of the Duties so by this Act charged as aforesaid, such House shall be afle/Ied under this Act at the same yearly Rent or Value as the same shall for the Time being be assessed at, for and in respect of the Duties on inhabited Dwelling-houses, by virtue of the said Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty; and where any Building or other Place, not being subject to any of the Duties on inha- ~ bited Dwelling-houses, shall, by reason of the whole or some Part thereof being used as a Shop, be liable to any of the Duties charged by this Act, such Building or Place shall be aflelled to the said Duties under this Act* according to the full yearly Rent or Value of such Building or Place.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that no Warehouse, being a distinct and separate Build- ^Warehouse io ing, and not Part or Parcel of any Shop, Place, or Building, chargeable with any Duty by this Act, but fcp*t«B«ild-employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or for Sale of Goods by ^i*11* Wholesale only, or carrying on some Manufacture, although the same may adjoin to or have an internal c* Communication with such Shop, Place, or Building, shall be charged with any of the Duties hereby granted.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend,; or be construed to extend, to any Shop, House, or Place, where Bread, Flour, Meal, Bran, and Rubbles only are made or fold*

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any House, Building, or Place, liable to any of the Duties

hereby granted, shall be divided into different Apartments amongil several Occupiers, the same shall be assessed as if the same was occupied by one Person or Family only, and the Landlord or Owner of every such House, Building, or Place, shall be assessed as the Occupier, and shall accordingly pay the Duties hereby granted.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Duties charged by this Act as aforesaid, shall be assessed, raised,

levied, collected, and received by Persons to be appointed by the same Authority, and shall be paid into his aflefferf and coi- Majesty's Exchequer for the Purposes in this Act expressed, in such and the like Form and Manneij and lefled, &c. ad with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, cording the Methods, and Directions as are prescribed or appointed for affelling, railing, levying, collecting, receiving, prc*

and paying the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, in and by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses* so Geo. a. c. 31 Windows* and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses* Windows* or Lights; and for raising the oum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties; and by another Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his feid late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enforce the Execution of an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting to his Majesty Cap. 4s; several Rates and Duties upon Houses* Windows, or Lights- and by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his feid late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the Execu- siCews.* 103 tion of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament* intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and 4 Duties upon Houses* Windows* and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses* Windows* or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties \ and by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Beivn of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or a6 Geo. 2,0,171 Lights* in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by an Act made in the thirty-ford Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon 3i Geo. 2,t.sa; Offices and Pensions and upon Houses; and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of five miL "*ns by Annuities and a Lottery* to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates s Geo. 3. c. 8; *nd Duties upon Windows or Lights \ and by the said herein before mentioned Acts made in the sixth, nine*, and the Ash of kenth, and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by any of them, so fer as the same 6,19,104 24 now remain in force, or are not altered by this Act; and all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Geo. 3. Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in force, contained in the said several Acts, or* of them, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Rates and Duties thereby granted,

shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, pi actifed, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain* for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several Duties upon Houses,

Buildings, or Places, by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same and may be for the airelfing, railing, levying, collecting, and charging the Rates and Duties granted by the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, so far as the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Penalties are applicable hereunto, and not altered by this AcE ’;

8 XI. And

nor Bakers

Shops, Sec.

When Houses divided Into. different Apart-menti, the Landlord to pay the Dufiea.

616

C. 30.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

duties tp./t4 into tht Exche* Veri

and to be entered by (be A unitor separate from ali othe;s.

Allowance to Arte Hors for the AlTcffiment.

Commissioners.

Their fifftMcet-'ing. See,

If CrnnnvfTion*

era negle^l to meet at the Times appointed, they may afterwards meet, &c«

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties granted by this Act (the nc-cellary Charges of railing and accounting for the lame excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all such Monies lo paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy% VictuaUinj, and Transport Biiis^ and Oru~ nance Debentures,

XII. And be it further enacted, That for and in Consideration of the extraordinary Care and Pains requr-site in making and adjusting the first Assessment to be made, in carrying this Act into Execution, so far as respects such Buildings and Places as shall be assefied, without Reference to the Assessment of the Duties on inhabited Dwelling-houses, the Assessor or Assessors shall have an Allowance for such first Assessment of three Pence for each House, Building, or Place, aliefled by him or them respectively; to be had and received from the respective Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, who are hereby appointed and directed to pay the same accordingly, and who shall be allowed the same in passing their Accounts.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better Execution of this Act, and for the ordering, railing*, levying, collecting, and paying the Duties hereby granted, the Commissioners authorised or appointed, or who shall be authorised or appointed hereafter for putting in Execution the said herein before mentioned Acts, concerning the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them, shall be Commissioners lor putting in Execution tins present Act, and the Powers therein contained, in all the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within Great Britain \ and the said Commissioners, in order to the speedy Execution of this Act, shall, in their respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns* and Places, for which they are ta shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet for the iirft Time on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and shall in like Manner meet yearly and every Year, at such Days or Times as the said Commissioners for the "l ime being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth Day of April yearly, and shall then divide themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this present Act, for alluding, raising, levying, and collecting the Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner, and under the same Regulations and Directions, as are prescribed by the said before mentioned Acts, or any of them, with respect to the Rates and Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, thereby impoied, except in such Cases in which an Alteration is made by this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, by any Neglect or Default, there shall not have been a Meeting of the said Commissioners, and a due Execution of the several Powers hereby created, within or at the Time or Times, or according to the Manner or Circumstances directed or prescribed in and by this present Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, in all the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, in Great Britain respectively, wherein such Default shall have happened, to meet and execute the said Powers at any other "Time or Times, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary not with standing; and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith, or as loon as may be after the Time or Times at which such

Comm ITbr-eo nor to i«Ct ur-ii! (bey have taken the proptr O.ahs,

Oath of Quali-ion.

Penalty on acting before taking the Oaths.

"Notice to be given in the Frecent* of the

for the Uses in this Act, notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect; and all such Meetings and Acts of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any fueft Omission or Defect as aforesaid.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall presume to act as a Commissionerin the Execution of this Act: (except in administering the Oath of Qualification herein after expressed), until he shall have taken the several Oaths required to qualify him for acting as a Commissioner of the several Duties charged on Houses, and Windows or Lights, by any of the Acts herein before referred to, and also shall have taken the following Oath \ (that is to say,)

I / 5, do swear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office of a Commissioner, according to an 4 A Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of Ring Geokoe the Third, for granting to his Majesty cei'tain Duties on Shops within Great Britain; and will determine upon all Appeals, which shall be brought before me under the said Act, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge.

So help me G ODP

Which Oath any two or more of the Commissioners, in the County, Shire, City, or Place, where the Assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised to administer: And if any Person shall act as a Commissioner of this Act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken such Oaths as aforesaid, he shall, for every Offence, forfeit one hundred Pounds. 1

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be inserted in th^ Precepts to be from Time to Time directed by them to the Inhabitants of the Parishes or Places within their

V-

. wr, tive Diflrids or Divisioos, whom they mall think fit to be Presentors or Assessors under the said before

Appointment of mentioned Acts charging Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them, that such Perfimsare

alto appointed Alleilors of the Duties upon Houses, Buildings, andrPlaccs, within this Act.

XVII. And,

r

’H A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. 617

XVII. And, for the more effectually levying and collecting the Duties imposed by this Act, be it further On Fallow of enacted, That if at any Time there shall be a Neglect to appoint Assessors for the said Duties on Houses, and

Windows or Lights; or if the Assessors appointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them by this Surveyor! or C/a-" ! Act, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, or the inspector fpcftors to do

I or Inspectors appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of any of the said Acts, relative to the Duties thzit jpujjr.

I on Houses, and Windows or Lights, and they are hereby required to do or perform such and the like Ser-

vices as by this Act is required from such Assessors; and the Surveyors or Inspectors. if, on the first Assessment under this Act, they shall perform the Duty of Assessors, shall be intitled to the fume Reward as is hereT ~ - by provided for the Aileftors for the said first Assessment under this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so appointed or to be appointed AHeffor as afore- Assessortotake ' :r said, or any Surveyor or inspector hereby authorised to act as an Assessor, shall, before he presumes to act bc"

'1' in the Execution of the said Office or Employment, take (besides the Oaths required to be taken by Assessors p^tedty fJrV

" 7 by the before mentioned Acts relative to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them) mer Acts!

: i an Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation, in the fol-

7 i lowing Form:

I A.B. do swear, (or affirm, as the Case may reauire), that in the Assessment which, by Authority of an ThaOnb* Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the ‘third, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, fall make upon the Houses, Buildings, and Places, liable to any of the said Duties, within the Dist rift or Par if for which lam appointed an Asseffor, I will rate each at the true annual Paine, according to the best of my ‘Judgement and Skill > and that I will truly and faithfully execute the Trulls repo fed in me by virtue of tree /aid Act:

, 4So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Shire, Stewartrvy City, or Place, where the said Assessment is to be made, are hereby impowered and required to au-roinifter.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed or to be appointed Assessor, or any Sur- Penalty on *<T*-veyor or inspector hereby authorised to act as an Assessor, shall presume to act in the Execution of the said *ns before uk-: r: Office or Employment, before he shall have taken the aforesaid Oath (unless such Person shall be a Quaker,

: and shall have made such Affirmation as aforesaid), he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sma

\~ of twenty Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such Persons so appointed or to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid. Duty of Aflc>-do and shall, before the tenth Day of September, in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and fos* eighty-five, and in all future Years before the twenty-fourth Day of June, estimate and ascertain, according to y the best of their Skill and Judgement, the full and just yearly Rent which every such Building or Place, hereby

r charged with any Duty, within the Limits and Places for which such Allellors are to act, and which is not

: - already chargeJ to the Duty on inhabited Houses, is really and bona fide worth to be let,^ and dq and shall make an Assessment in Writing of the Duty hereby imposed, according to such Estimate or Valuation upon.

:> the Occupier or Occupiers of every such Building or Place, and do and shall, by Writing under their re-

: s: spective Hands, certify the Number of Buildings and Places respectively^ charged by virtue of this Act, which

ft-1- are not already charged to the Duty on inhabited Houses within the Limits of such Places as aforesaid, to-

gether with the Rems estimated and afeettained as aforesaid, for or in respect of the same respectively, and u:.: the Names of the several Occupiers thereof respectively, and the several bums of Money charged on, and

payable by them, for or in respect of the same, by virtue of this Act; and likewise do and shall, on or before lhe tenth Day of September, in the prftcnt Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and in all future Years on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June, in every Year, deliver the Certificates or Assessments, to be made by them respectively as aforesaid, unto the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them.

u-

w

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, to whom such Assessments (half be dfti-vared in pursuance of this Act, or any two of them, shall, within the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Receipt of the same respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, set their Hands to the laic respective Assessments, and to such Surcharge or Surcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean ime, either by the same A fit (Tors, or by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or inspector or Inspectors, as is or are herein after mentioned, testifying their Allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the Persons named in each of such Assessments to be Collectors, or any other two such Persons as they frail think able and responsible, for their respective Divisions and Places for which they shall be so presented, jna frail forthwith deliver, or cauie to be delivered, such Assessments so by them allowed of, unto the revive Persons by them nominated to be Collectors for each Year respectively, who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the Duties hereby aileffed, and to give Acquittances for the fame; for whole Paying unto the Receiver General, now or for the Time being, appointed by his Majesty, or by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or by the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any frrc< or more of them, in the Manner hereby directed, such Money as they Hull be charged with under this Act, the Parish or Place for which they are so employed shall be anhverable.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all privileged and other Places^being extraparochial, and qotr ^fthin the Constablewicks or Precincts of the respective Assessors, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, rhe tatd Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to nominate and ap-?Ptnt two fit Persons, living in or near, the said privileged or other Places as aforesaid, tp Al&fors for tin

a.

Two Commissioneri to figiv the AlTdlmentf,

and to appoint*: Collect OTf.

the

Assefibri and Collectors hov*«-U^.be appointed t ia cxiiapiru*

clxul PUccn.

6i8

Commissioneri to perofe the annual Assessmentt,

and may summon before them PerCon* suspected to be under-iattd;

and may eorrelt the Assessfmenti when found to bt erroneous.

Dpplicatei of AfieJments to U made out#

What thofa Duplicates shall contain.

Sorreyara and

Inspectors to ex* amine the Assessmenti before they are signed by the Commissionerf*

If any Omif-(ion s a re discovered, they shall be Supplied by a Surcharge.

If a Surcharge 16 omitted the tfrft Half Year, it m<*y be made for a Year.

AlTe/torf,

/bail be permitted to inspect Parish Rates.

C. 30. Anno vicesimo quinta Ge or oii III. A.D. 1785.

laid Places $ and to make and return their said Assessments In like Manner as by this Act is appointed in any Parish, Tithing, or Place; and also to appoint two or more Collectors, who are hereby required to collect and pay the same, according to the Rates appointed by this Act for collecting and paying all Sums of Money payable by this Act.

xxiii. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall ftriflly peruse the Certificates or Assessments which by this Act are before directed to be annually delivered to them, and also shall examine the Assessors and Presentors thereof; and if the said Commissioners, or any three of them, within their several Limits or Divisions, shall, at the Time of the Delivery of such Certificates or Assessments, or within ten Days after, have certain Knowledge, or Cause to suspect, that any House, Building, or Place, or any Part thereof, which ought to be charged by this Act, is omitted in such Certificates, or that any such House, Building, or Place, or any Part thereof, is undercharged, or not duly charged according to the Directions of this Act, the said Commissioners or any three or more of them. shall have Power to summon the Person or Persons occupying such House, Building, or Place, to appear before them at a Day and Place to be prefixed, of which three Days Notice at ieaft shall be given; and if any Person or Persons summoned shall neglect to appear, the said Commissioners may proceed to amend such Assessments, and to charge such Occupier with such Rate as shall appear reasonable from the Evidence before them; and moreover, the said Commissioners to whom such Certificates or Assessments shall be delivered, or any three of them, or any other three Commissioners of the respective Counties* Shires, or Stewartries, where such Assessments shall be made, shall haye Power, are are hereby required, by all lawful Ways and Means, to examine and enquire into and concerning the annual Value of any such House. Building, or Place as aforesaid, charged in or by any such Assessment, or which shall have been omitted to be charged therein, suvi thereupon to enlarge, alter, abate, or diminish the said Assessments, so to be delivered to such Commissioners, to the End that such Duty may be set and imposed upon every such House or Tenement, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, after such Perusal and Examination thereof, set their Hands to the said respective Assessments, and to such Surcharge or Surcharges as shall or may have been made thereto in the mean Time, certifying their Allowance of the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, from Time to Time yearly, cause two Duplicates of such Assessments as aforesaid to be made out, delivered, and transmitted, in such and the same Manner, and at like Times, as is directed by the aforesaid Acts relative to

the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them, with respect to the Duplicates of the Assessments therein mentioned.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the said Duplicates to be transmitted to the Receiver General, and to the King’s Remembrancer, the Number of Shops, Buildings, and Places, cx-elusive of those allefied from the Assessment on inhabited Dwelling-houses, shall be inserted, as well as the Amount of the Duties, in order to ascertain the Money which the Receivers General are directed by this Act to pay to the Assessors for the first Year’s Assessment, at three Pence each Shop, Building, or Place, not being assessed from the Assessment on inhabited Dwelling-houses, and for the Information of the proper Officers, who are to allow the same in the Receiver’s Accounts.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Surveyor or Surveyors, and Inspector or Ifl-spectors, appointed or to be appointed under and by virtue of the several Acts relative to the Duties on House, and Windows or Lights, herein before mentioned, or any of them, for the Rates and Duties thereby imposed, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby impowered to inspect, examine, and supervisc the Assessments to be made in or for any such Parish or Place as aforesaid, before the Commissioners shall have figued and allowed the lame, and to alter and amend any such Assessment or Assessments, if he or they shall see just Cause for so doing; and every Person, in whose Custody any such Certificate or Assessment shall be, is hereby required, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Surveyors, or Inspector or Inspectors, as aforesaid, to produce the fame; and if any such Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Infractors, shall, after such AiM-ment or Assessments shall be so respectively made out, signed, and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover, upon his or their Survey, that any House, Building, or Place, or any Part thereof, which should and ought to be charged with the Duties hereby granted, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been under-rated, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or Infractor or Lispectors, shall certify the same in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, by way of Surcharge, to any two or more of the said Commissioners, on or before the sixteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for the first quarterly Payment, which shall be due on the tenth Day of October, in the same Year and thenceforward, and in every future Year, at the same Times they make their Surcharges for the Duties on Houses and Windows under the said Acts hereinbefore mentioned, in order to have such O/niflion or Under-rate redlified in foe laid Af* fellment; and the said Commissioners are thereupon to cause the same to be redlified, and the Duties levied accordingly.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, shall omit to make a Surcharge or Surcharges for the first Half Year, it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or Inspector or Inspectors, to make a Surcharge or Surcharges for the whole Year.

XXVIII. And, for the better Information of the Commissioners appointed to carry this Act into Execution, and the Surveyors and Inlbcdlors, and the Persons to be appointed Afleiforsas aforesaid, with respecto 4 the annual Rent or Value of all Houses, Building*, or Places charged by this Act, and the better to enable them to perform their Duty be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any two of them, and the said Alfellors, Surveyors, and Inspectors, or any one or more of them, or any Person or Persons authored by them, or any of them, shall have Liberty to inspect and to take Copies of, or Extradb from, W

Book

e

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Geor g ii III. C. 30. 619

Book or Books kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or any other Person or PersonSj of or concerning the Rates for the Maintenance of the Poor, or any other publick Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, in any Part of Great Britain within the Limits for which they shall be appointed and if any Person or Persons, in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to permit the said Inspection, or the Copies or Extracts to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said Commissioners with their Books when required so to do, then, and in every such Case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no House, Building, or Place, chargeable by this Act as aforesaid, shall be estimated or rated at any less Value yearly than that at which the same stands legally rated and assessed to the publick Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, or any of them, now subsisting, where such Premises are charged by a Pound Rate, and according to the fall annual Value thereof respectively; and when such Premises as aforesaid are charged by a Pound Rate, according to any proportionate Part of the real annual Value thereof respectively, the same shall not be estimated or rated for the Purposes of this Act at less than the full annual Value upon which such Proportions have been computed and taken as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it farther enacted, That no Occupier or Occupiers of any House, Building, or Place, liable to any Duty charged by this Act in any Parish or Place, shall be charged or afiefled to the Poor’s Rate or Highway Duty for or in respect of any Rates or Duties imposed and made payable by this Act; but such Owners and Occupiers shall continue to be rated and assessed to the Poor’s Rate and Highway Duty, in such Manner as they were fated and afiefled to the said Rates and Highway Duty respectively at the Time of passing this Act, any Thing contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of any of the Rates and Duties granted by this Act by any Occupier or Occupiers of any House, Building, or Place, charged with any Duty by this Act in any Parish or Place, shall not intitle the Person or Persons, so paying such Rates and Duties, to a legal Settlement in such Parish or Place.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively overcharged or over-rated by any Assessment, Charge, or Surcharge, to be made by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, respectively to appeal to the said Commissioners \ and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals; and all such Appeals, in respect to the Assetlment for the first three Quarters under this Act, shall be heard and determined between the tenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the fourth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and all Appeals in respect of any future Assessments, on the Days appointed, and in the Manner directed, in the several Acts herein before mentioned with respect to the Rates and Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, thereby granted.

AXaIII. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not, upon the Hearing of such Appeal, make any Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge or Surcharge made upon any Person determined by such Assessment as aforesaid, or the Surcharge of any such Surveyor or Surveyors, or inspector or Inspectors as aforesaid, but the same shall (land good and remain Part of the Assessment, unless it shall -then appear to the said Commissioners, by Examination of the Circumstances of the Case upon Oath, to be administered by any three or more of them, that such Person hath been over-rated in and by such Assessment or Surcharge j in which cases, the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered, upon every such Appeal, to abate or diminish any such Assessment to be made as aforesaid in such Manner as they shall think proper, and agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and every Person intending to appeal to the said Commissioners shall, and is hereby required to give, at the least, ten Days Notice thereof to any Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or inspector or Inspectors, of the Parish or Place therein such Person is aflbfled, of such Intention to appeal; and such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or inspector or Inspectors, may then and there attend to justify the said Assessment and Surcharge; and such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or inspector or Inspectors, and Appellant, shall have fall and free Liberty to be present during all the Time of hearing such Appeals, and whilst the said Commissioners shall be determining the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Appeals, once heard and determined by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the major Part of them then present on the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing of Appeals, shall be final, except as is herein after directed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or inspector or Inspectors, or the Persons so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon Tweed, Avail apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dtflatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyory or inspector or Inspectors, or Appellant respectively, to require the said Commissioners to state specially, and to sign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign such Case accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or to one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being; and every such Justice and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment, which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal, shall be altered or confirmed: And if such Assessor or Assessors, Suryeyor or Surveyors, inspector or Inspectors, or the Person so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called

Penalty on re* fusing (hem.

House# to be charged as afTcff, ed to publick Taxe*

Occupiers imt Co be 1 barged to thu Poor's Ratet^c for the Duties imj»ofed by this Act.

Payment Rate# not »o *ffcCt Setiicoieot.

Persons over* charged may appeal to the Commissioners.

In whit Cafei the Commission* era mav?bjte the AffclTineats.

Persons intend*

in4 to appeal, so

give 10 D«)S Norire to Assessor, See,

Appeals once determined to be final t

Ex< eption.

Further Appeal alioacc, in hng* la id or to ore J jflice of the King's Beach, «fcc.

and in Sca iind,

620

to ft judge of the Court of Session, ur a Baroo of the Exchequer,

Penalties exceeding aol. where to be recovered*

Penalties not exceeding 10l. to be recoverable before two justicei j

and may be 1e-yied by Dliirefs.

Per fans aggrieted may appeal to the Quarter Sessiona,

Penalty on Fer-fons furommed as Witnesses who ftulintr£,lc& lo at:end.

Jnftireim»y m'* ligate Peuali.es*

Cnoft.Wrt, *nd th*/ Officerif to be aiding io the Execution nfihit A 6b.

J/nniiatioa of

A^ioos*

GsRtrftl Hfue*

C. 3c. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Scotland^ shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Surveyor, or Person dissatisfied, respectively to require the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, to (late specially, and fi^n the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to state and sign such Case accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the Judges of the Court of Session, or of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland; and every such Judge and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed? thereto, according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment, which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal, shall be altered or confirmed: Provided always, That notwithstanding* any such Case, so transmitted to any of the said Justices, Judges, or Barons, the Determination of the said Commissioners shall stand, with respect to the Payments which mall become due precedent to the Opinion certified by any such Justice, Judge, or Barom upon such Case.

XXX. v I. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty or Forfeiture, which shall be incurred under this Act of a greater Sum than twenty Pounds, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, if the Matter shall arise within England or Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed \ or in the Court or Session, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer, if the Matter shall arise ip that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed 5 and one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed doth not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, it shall be recoverable before two or more Justices of the Peace of the County? Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and one Moiety of every such last mentioned Penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the fame; and in case of Nonpayment shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty, and the Exnences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and for Want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the Prison of such County, Shire, Stewartry, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, for such Time, not exceeding six Months, norless than one Month, as such Justices shall think most proper*

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself of themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justices, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded, in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgement of such Justices shall be aiErmtd, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons fhatf be summoned, as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justices of the Peac^ touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as herein before directed as to other Penalties.

XL. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, where they shall see Cause, to mitigate and ieilen any such Penalties as they shall think fit, reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation docs not reduce the Penalties to less than one Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges; any hingcontained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, notwithstanding; and no such Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Constables and Headboroughs* Tithingmen and al! other his Majesty's Officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and aififting* in the Execution of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts or Warrants as shall be to them dueled in that Behalf by the respective hereby appointed, or any three or more of them.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Informations, for any. Offence against this Act, shall be brought within one Year after the Offence committed, and being brought after the Time fa limited, shall be void; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be lued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence £or his or their Defence^ and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pa& for the Defendant

6ai

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31

or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue an Action, of suffer a Nonpros, or shall become nonsuited,' then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cons awarded to him or them Treble Coiti, against such Plaintiff- or Plaintiff’s.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy.

WHEREAS t appears, by the Reports made by the Commissioners appointed to examine, tak*f ‘ and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, that Regulations are necessary for better conr during the Business in the Department of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy 1’ be it thefefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Treasurer of the and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy to apply r* Navy for the Time being, in all Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money for Navy the Treasury hr Services, shall pray that such Sum as he requires may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank M,ncy *s hcfc*A of England on his Account; and shall transmit with each Memorial* a Copy of the Letter or Letters from the Commissioners of the Navy, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt Boards, directing him to apply for such nfod to die* Sum or Sums; in which Letter or Letters the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required and Bank, directed to specify for what particular Service or Services the said Money is wanted; and shall also state the Balances then in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, under each Head of Service respectively; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time ueing, by their Letter from Time to Time, shall direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to iflhe, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, naming such Treasurer for the Time being, the Sum for which such Letter shall be drawn, upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer in favour of the said Treasurer, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a diffident Discharge; and all bums for which Letters of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury shall Be: drawn, shall be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in like Manner as they have been heretofore issued to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy j and all such Monies to be issued tb the »n4 placed *o Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be placed on an Account or Accounts to be raised the Accrue of in the Books of the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England) and to be intituled, The Account tke Treasurer Commissioners of the Treasurer of his Majestys Navy, inferring the Name of such Treasurer for the Time being, for the the Nav/*

Pay Branch, Calaier’s Branch, and the Victualling Branch; and on Receipt of all such Monies at the Exchequer, the Treasurer of the Navy shall immediately certify to the Commissioners of the Navy an Account of the whole Receipt, under the respective Heads of Service, and shall also certify to the Commissioners of the Victualling* *md S.ick and Hurt Boards, the particular Sums received, and applicable to those Services respectively.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Fees whatsoever shall be paid at the Exchequer or No e ra f.^f < Treasury for or by reason of the Transactions aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what hath been usually paid P* <* *1 n*e upon Iinprefts and Accounts hitherto made, according to the former Custom of transacting Business between £xch suer* the Exchequer, Navy Pay Office, and Bank, severally.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and No Manry for cightyifive, no Money for the Service of the Navy shall be issued from his Majesty's Exchequer to the N,v?Scr ic-'8 Treasurer of the Navy, or shall be placed, or directed to be placed in his Hands or Possessioni but the lame

shall be issued and directed to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to be

placed to the Accounts above mentioned, according to the Services for which it is craved and issued. furetottheNa*.

IV. And be it enacted, Th*t the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being, by himself, or the The TreiiWe/ Person or Persons in his Office duly authorised by the said Treasurer, from and after the first Day of July todr^w on the one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall draw upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of Bjnk (gr 9}] England for all Navy Services whatever, and shall specify, in each and every Draft, the Head of Service for N*vy Services, which the same is drawn; and no Draft of the Lid Treasurer, or the Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid> shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, unless *oe fame specifics the Head of Service for which it is drawn, and has been actually paid by the said Governor *nd Company of the Bank of England,

V. Provided always, That the Monies to be issued unto the Governor and Company of the Bank of Bank not to riy England, on Account of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, shall not be paid out of the Bank, unless for Monipsun-Navy Services, and in pursuance of Drafts to be drawn on the Governor and Company of the Bank of *e !sv!or

EngiatuI, and signed by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being, or the Person or Persons Pu|r^nrC <i authorised as aforesaid; in which Drafts shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein proper Drafti, petitioned are to be applied; and which Drafts, so drawn, shall he sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay

such Money to tb«. Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to tl.e Hearer of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, RefigOation, or Removal,' of the present, and OntheDe*»hor V’’city other 'treasurer of his Majesty's Navy hereafter to be appointed, the J’nhniec of Calli for which he Rei,10v»lof a l"‘ at that Time have Credit, on his Account or Accounts as Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, with the nrr.c,ru'r’ ,’e ), 'governor and Company of the Bank, of Errand, shall, at the End of the current Mouth after a Succdlor Ba4"?o»Vi# >*i^lbe>appointed to the said Office, actually veil in such' Successor,' in Trust for the Service of the Navy hi, Sucuffor. under, the respective Heads, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account or Ac-1 4 L 2 counts

62a

Treasurer to

issue his Drafts for all unfiiafied Demands;

and to make up annual Accounts et Navy and VifluaJIing Service!,

to be transmitted to the Auditor of the imprest.

Treasurer to in-Jert, in the art* Dual Account, all Payments made to him in such Year, &c,

Treasurer to keep an Account with the fiaak, dice.

Any Person forging the Name of the Treasurer, £cc. to obtain Money frm the Bank, shall suffer Death as a Felon.

Not to prevent

the Treasurer from issuing Money fopjy Clerks a4 Out-ports,

C. 3T. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

counts of such Successor Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, to be applied to the said Service, ia pursuance of the like Drafts as aforesaid: And the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his Memorials and Requisitions to the Treasury, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, for all Charges and Demands on Account of the Navy Service, which shall be due and remain unsatisfied, although. the lame may have accrued in the Time of any former Treasurer.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Treasurer of the Navy shall and he is hereby required to make up, Or cause to be made up, an annual Account of the Navy and Victualling Services, intituled, The Account of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, to be signed and atteiled by every Treasurer who shall have paid or discharfced arty Part of the said Account; the first Account to end on the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and every succeeding Account to begin on the first Day of January, and to ertdon the thirty-first Day of December in each Year following, and to transmit the fame" (having been previously examined in the Offices of the Commissioners of the Navy, of the Victualling Office, and of the Sick and Hurt, and signed by the Commissioners of the Navy) to the Auditor or Auditors of the Imprest, who shall, and they are hereby directed and required, within three Months after the Receipt thereof, to examine, or cause to be examined, the said annual Accounts, and, if found satisfactory, to present, or cause to be presented, the same to the proper Officer or Officers for Declaration; and when the same is declared, a Quietus or Acquittance, in the usual Form, shall be made out to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, his or their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the Navy shall every Year insert, in the said annual Account, all Payments which shall have been made by him in the Course of such Year and that all Bills, which shall have been drawn by the Commissioners of the Navy or Victualling, shall be sufficient Vouchers to discharge the said Treasurer of any Sums paid by him upon such Bills, whether the Payments directed to be made by the said Bills shall be specified to be upon Account, or otherwise; and that when the said Treasurer of the Navy shall, in the Account of any Year, have taken Credit for any Payments made in pursuance of Imprest Bills, or on Account, no further Bills shall in any subsequent Period be arawn upon the said Treasurer, or any Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, for the Purposes of clearing the said Imprefts, but

the Persons to whom the Payments have been so made on Account, shall be set hfupcr in the Exchequer, and to be made accountable for the same, and the Treasurer of the Navy shall be no longer chargeable or accountable for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued to or directed to be paid to him for the Service of the Navy; and the said Treasurer. observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall not actually receive; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for the Service of the Navy.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being, or the Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, to any Draft, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the reasurer of his Majesty's Navy; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly ard wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument, or Writing in Form of a Draft, made by such Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, or the Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever; every such Person and Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy from bluing to the Pay Clerks at the several Out-ports, such Sums as may be thought necessary by the Navy Board for paying Ships, and carrying on Recalls; and the Pay Clerk at each Port shall, and he is hereby required to make up, at the End of every Month, an Accost of all his Receipts and Payments during that Month, which Account shall be signed by him, the Comptrollers Clerk, and the Ticket Office Clerk, at each Port, and transmit the same, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of each Month, to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, and a Copy thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy; and the Comptroller’s Clerk at every Out-port shall, and he is hereby required to transmit to the Navy Board every Week an Account of the Payments made by the Treasurer’s Clerk at that Port.

[Cn the Death, dec. of every Treasurer, said Ckrks Aciou t* m be made up, &c.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal, of every Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, the Accounts of the Pay Clerks at the several Out-ports shall be immediately made up, and the Balance of Calb, for which he shall at that Time have Credit with each of them, shall, as (oon as a Successor shall be appointed, be carried to the Credit of the Account of such Successor, and an Ac-co int thereof forthwith transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 32 - 35. 623

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

"Persons possessed of Navy or Victualling Bills* dated on of before jfunt IP, 17B3V &>*may catry

ife them to the Treasurer of the Navy’s Office, and exchange them for Certificates; bn Delfvery1whcreof a

the Bank, they shall be intitled to Stock. Similar Provisions relative to Grdnapce ^ebeiihiFes. Persons producing their Certificates at the Bank, fltoll be intitled to 5 fur Ctnti Annuities fat the £unp. Arv nutiies to be deemed personal Estate,- and to be Tax-free#- Ainufitiesto bpoaidopiof a Fund to lx* efta- blished this Session, (&c.; and to be made a Joittt Stock with the AnnuitieseRabltflhe^ py 24, Ge& jv c. 39. 46 Treafarerof the Navy, on Receipt of Navy Bills* to giv*Certi6cate^ fai the same j and fa llkevpiie

it® ? 44 the Treasurer of the Ordnance, on the Receipt of Debentures# Certificates assignabfeuhtil Novsmhr ia,

n| 44 1785, &c. Bills or Debentures, the Property of Infants, may be delivered by their Guardians, EsV'. to

iri^v 44 the said Treasurers. Clause relative to Bills, £5t<s- in Possession of Executors, Trustees, Depositarie$,

ev,: 44 £s*V. The Bank to receive Certificates 5 and for every 100/# therein contained, to give Credit for u 1L 8 s.

dh 44 Stock may be transferred. Monies to be converted into Annuities to be one Joint Stock, apd to be

transferable. Stock may be devised by Will. Bank to continue a Corporation until Redemption of the dr: 44 Annuities. No Fee to be taken for computing Imereft on, or cancelline said, Billst &c. on Penalty of

44 ao L Persons prosecuted for executing this Act, may plead the General i*ssue. V[/'W. post. c. 7f*Jr-

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

"Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 1,000,000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before January 5, 17S6, in Manner as by the Malt Act of this Session is prescribed, ts?c. The Clauses in the said A cl relating of to Loans or Bills, extended to this Act. Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received agaifiin Payment of €i any Taxes nor exchanged before April 6, 1786. Money so raised to be repaid out of the next ‘partia-€< mentary Aid; audit furficient Supplies be not granted before July 5, 1786, to be charged on the Sinking 4< Fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first Supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance w the said Sum on the Credit of this Act \ an Act 5 & 6 GuL is? Marla notwithstanding."

---

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for erecting a Market-house, and holding a publick Market in the said Vill.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, or of their Sureties.

'WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth

[13 Eliz. c. 4.]

(intituled, An Act to make the Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels, of Tellers, Receivers, etcetera, liable to the Payment of their Debts), for the better Security of the Queen’s Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, against such as should have the Receipt and Charge of the Money and Treasure of her Highness, her Heirs and Successors, it was declared and enacted, That all Lands, Tenements, Profits, Commodities, and Hereditaments, which certain Officers of the Crown, Farmers, and Persons therein named, particularly the, Treasurer or Receiver of any Sums of Money impressed, or otherwise, for the Use of the Queen’s Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, then had, or at any Time thereafter should have, within the Time he or they, or any of them, should remain accountable; should, for Payment and Satisfaction unto the Queen’s Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, of his or their Arrearages, at any Time thereafter to be lawfully, according to the Laws of the Realm, adjudged and determined upon his or their Account (all his due and reasonable Petitions being allowed), be liable to the Payment thereof, and be put in Execution for Payment of such Arrearages or Debts, in like and in as large and beneficial a Manner, as if the Person had, the Day he became Officer or Accountant, stood bound by Writing obligatory, having the Effect of a Statute of the Staple, to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors; and reciting, that forasmuch as many Times it might come to pass, that the Queen’s Highness, her Heirs or Successors, might not be conveniently satisfied of the Debt to be determined or due upon any Account as aforesaid, by way of Extent, for that the yearly Value of the Lands extended would not satisfy her Highness, her Heirs or Successors, within the Compass of many Years, so as that great Loss might ensue to her Highness, her Heirs and Successors; for Remedy thereof it was enacted, That if any Treasurer, or other Person Accountant before mentioned, which should, from and after the Feast of Saint Michael then next ensuing, receive or be chargeable with any Money or Treasure of the Queen, her Heirs or Successors, and should, upon the determining of his or their Account, or by reason of any Farm as aforesaid, be found in Arrearages, and should not, within six Months next after his or their

624 C. 35. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Accounts finished, or Debt known, pay all such Sums of Money as he or they should, upon Determination of his or their Account, or upon his or their Debt known, it should be lawful to the Queen’s Highness, her Heirs and Successors, at any Time, and from Time to Time, after the said six Months ended, to make Sale, by her or their Letters under the Great Seal of England, of so much of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of every such Accountant or Debtor, so being found in Arrearages or Debt, as might suffice the Queen, her Heirs or Successors, for Satisfaction, until her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, should be by such Sale fully satisfied and paid off such Arrearages and Debt; and that if any Overplus should be received upon any such Sale, then the same should be paid to the Accountant or Farmer, or his Heirs, by the Officer that should receive the same Money upon any of the said Sales, without further Warrant in that Behalf:

[27 Eliz. c. 3.]

And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the same Queen, after reciting certain Doubts upon the said Act of the thirteenth Year of her Reign, it was declared and enacted, That the said recited Act, in every Part thereof touching the Power thereby given to her Highness, her Heirs and Successors, to make Sale of any the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the same Act limited to be sold, should be expounded and intended, as well in case where the Sale is to be made after the Death of such Accountant or Debtor, as where it is to be made in his or their Life-time; and also as well in case where the Account is made, or the Debt known, within eight Years after the Death of such Accountant or Debtor, as where the same Account is made, or the Debt known, in the Life-time of the same Accountant or Debtor; but it was provided, That after the Death of such Accountant or Debtor, and before any the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, descended unto the Heir of such Accountant or Debtor as Heir, should be sold, a Scire facias should be awarded out of her Majesty's Court of Exchequer unto the Sheriff of the County where any such Lands lie, to garnish the same Heir, to shew Cause why the same Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, should not be put to Sale for Satisfaction of the same Debts or Farms in the said Act mentioned, according the Tenor thereof; whereupon if the Heir should not, within a convenient Time upon a Garnishment or two Nichils returned, shew and prove unto the said Court that the Executors or Administrators of such Accountant or Debtor have sufficient, which ought to answer or be liable for the same Debt or Farm, then, after ten Months next after such two Nichils or Garnishment returned, the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, should be sold by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, and the Money thereof coming disposed according to the said former recited Act: And after various other enacting Clauses, there was a Proviso to prevent Sale of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of any Heir, during the Time of his or her Nonage:

[39 Eliz. c. 7.]

And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, the said recited explanatory Act of the twenty-seventh Year of Queen Elizabeth was repealed, and a new Exposition was made of the said recited Statute of the thirteenth of Elizabeth, with various new Provisions: but the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of Elizabeth being only temporary, and having expired early in the Reign of James the First, the said explanatory Act of the twenty-seventh Year of Elizabeth became revived, and is now in force; And whereas it may tend greatly to facilitate and expedite the Payment of Debts to the Crowd, where the real Estates of its Accountants or Debtors, or of their Sureties, are seized into the King's Hands under Writs of Extent, if a sufficient Part of such Estates was to be sold unto the Provisions of the said recited Acts of the thirteenth and twenty-seventh Years of Queen Elizabeth, but the said Acts have not been lately put in Use, and Inconvenience is likely to arise if the Mode of Sale therein directed should be pursued;' be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Court of Exchequer, on Application of the Attorny General, may order the Estate of any Debtor to his Majesty, &c. to be sold.]

That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and the same Court is hereby authorised, on the Application of his Majesty's Attorney General in a summary Way, by Motion to the same Court, to order that the Right, Title, Estate, and Interest of any Debtor to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Right, Title, Estate, and Interest of the Heirs and Assigns of such Debtor, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which have been, or shall hereafter be extended under and by virtue of any such Writ of Extent or Diem clausit extremum as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to satisfy the Debt for which the same shall have been so extended, shall be sold in such Manner as the said Court shall direct; and that when a Purchaser or Purchasers shall be found, the Conveyance of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so decreed to be sold, shall be made to the Purchaser or Purchasers by his Majesty's Remembrancer in the said Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, under the Direction of the said Court, by a Deed of Bargain and Sale, to be inrolled in the same Court; and that from and after the making of such Conveyance, and the Inrollment thereof as aforesaid, the Bargainee or Bargainees in such Conveyance, and his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, hold, and enjoy the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein comprised, for his and their own respective Use and Benefit, not only against the Extent of the Crown, but also against such Debtor of the Crown, or the Surety or Sureties for such Debtor, and all Persons claiming under such Debtor, or the Surety or Sureties, unless by a Title paramount to, and available in Law against such Extent as aforesaid, and all Monies which shall become payable from any such Purchaser or Purchasers as aforesaid, shall be paid, accounted for, and applied towards Discharge of the Debt due to the Crown, and of all Costs and Expences which shall be incurred by the Crown in enforcing the Payment of such Debt, in such Manner as the said Court of Exchequer shall from Time to Time order and appoint:

[The Surplus, if any, after Payment of Debt and Costs, to be paid to the Persons intitled thereto.]

And if, after payment of the whole Debt to the Crown and of all Costs and Expences incurred in enforcing the Payment thereof, there shall be any Surplus of the Monies arising from any such Sale, the said Surplus shall belong to the same Person or Persons as would be intitled to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments sold, if there had not been a Sale thereof, and shall accordingly be paid to such Person or Persons under the Order and Direction of the said Court of Exchequer, upon Motion or Petition to the said Court, to be made

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 36 - 40. 625

upon such Notice to the Crown, and to be supported by such Affidavits or other Proofs, as to the said Court shall from Time to Time seem just and reasonable.

'II. And whereas, from the Want of the Deeds and Writings relative to the Title of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as the said Court of Exchequer may decree to be sold under this Act, Difficulties may arise in the Execution hereof,' be it therefore further enacted,

[Court of Exchequer may make an Order for the Protection of Title Deeds.]

That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer, from Time to Time, to make such Order touching the Production, Delivery, and Custody of such Title Deeds and Writings as aforesaid, in the same Manner as if a Decree had been made by the said Court for a Sale of the Lands of a Crown Debtor, in Execution of a Trust created for Payment of Debts by such Crown Debtor himself.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth; and for enlarging the Term, and altering some of the Powers, of an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth: and for depthening, and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for rebuilding the Bridge across the River of Ayr, at the Town of Ayr.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physick, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables, for dying, staining, printing, and painting certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time.

[For 14 Years from passing this Act.]

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better preserving and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Cromarty in North Britain.

CAP. XL.

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

[Recital of Acts 22 Geo. 2. c. 27;]

---

intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hatsand in the Woollen, Linen, Fujfiart, Cotton, t.

Iron, Leather, Fur, Hem p, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful, ,7i

*Combinations of Journeymen Dyers, ami Journeymen Hot Prefers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures', and for the better Payment of their Wages; and by another Act, made’RE the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King Georg e the Third, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, ,40*0.3. *.44.

made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, "An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fnflian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur,

Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlastful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers, and Journeymen- Hot ‘ Prefers, and of all Persons employed in the fold several Manufactures, and for the better Payment- of tkeif "Wages:" And by another Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Ac?, made in the fourteenth Fear of his present intituled, c, ,4.

4J An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King GEORGE the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leaner, Fur,

Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen layers and Journeymen Hot Prefers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactores 5 and for the better Payment of their Wage ,’J certain Penalties and Punishments in the said Acts respectively nten-t honed, are i nfiifted upon all Persons who shall reel fltort or false Yam, and on Persons embezzling the Materials:

"fed in the said Manufacturer: A net \vherea6 the good Purposes in the said Laws have been greatly ff uftrated, t horn the Manufacturers of combing Wool* Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, being t unwilling to expose themselves singly to the L06 attending the Resentment of the Spinners and Work-v lY Pr°locuting them for Offences against the said Acts: And whereas this important Branch of the Woollen Manufacture will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unless the Manufacturers are enabled jointly

626 C. 40. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

General Meeting of Manufacturers appointed,

who tre to rhufe a Committee.

Powers of the Committees

* to ifatry mid effectual Execution tfhidi cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament:’

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in tnii present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a general Meeting be held

after the failing of this Act, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day^ Notice of which shall be given in the Northampton, Cambridge Stamford, and Lincoln Newspapers, at least twenty-one Days before the said Meeting, -by the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northampton; at which said General Meeting the said Manufacturers present, by themselves or Proxies appointed by Waiting under the Hands of afiy stich * Manufacturers * such Proxies (if any) being also Manufacturers, shall have* Votes; and having first chosen a Chairman, the said Manufacturers shall elect, nominate, and appoint eighteen Persons from amongst themselves, in the Manner and Proportions following $ videlicet, From the County of Bedford throe\ from the County of Huntingdon three; from the County of NoYthampHm three; from the County of Lcictjh r two; from the County of Rutland two; from the County of Lincoln three, videlicet, one from the Parts of Lindsey, one from the Parts of Holland, and one from the Parts of Kesteven\ and from the Isle of Ely two; which laid eighteen Persons, so to be elected, Avail be a Committee of the fojd'Mariufi&urers for the Time being* and qrttil another Committee shall be chosen and appointed in the Manner herein after provided, and so as often as there shall be Occasion; which Committee are hereby authorised and impowered to nominate and recommend projxn* Persons for the said Counties, and the said Jfeof Ely respectively, to be licensed by the Justices of the Peace of the said Counties* and the said Ijh of Ely respectively, at any of their Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof or it no Adjournment, then by two Justices of ’the Pence for any of the said Counties, and the said IJlt of Ely, to be lnfpcctors fof the Purposes herein after mentioned; an^ the said Committee shall aKo have the Direction of aH Profecdtions of Offenders hgainst this and the said before mentioned Acts, and the Management of the Fund or Funds herein after to be created, and shall have Power to do all other Matters and Things which may be deemed necessary and proper for carrying this Act into Execution, in such Manner as the said Committee of the Manufacturers for the Time being, or the Majority of diem, at a quarterly Meeting to be assembled, Avail judge and think best for the Interest and Advantage of all the said Manutaftuters In the said Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee, or the Majority of them, appoint a CUrk; any quarterly Meeting assembled, and they are hereby amhorised and required, from Time to Time, to ttomiitaxe and woint, by Writing under their Hands, a proper Person or Persons to be their Clerk or "Clerks for the several Counties before mentioned, and the Isle of Ely; which laid Clerk or Clerks shall htteiil the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall, in proper Hooks to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep true and perfect Accounts of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions, 6( the said Committee; and that each and every of the said Manufacturers Aiall and may, at all convenient Times, have Recourse to and peruse and inspect all such Books gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or of any Part' (hereof, paying t\Vo Pence for every tuie hundred Words so to be Copied; and if any such Cletk Aiall refute to permit any such Manufacturer to irffpeft any such Book, or refiife to make Copies or Txtrafts thereqf, at the Rate or Times aforesaid, he Aiall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five, Pounds, to be recovered in such Manner as any other Penalties inHifted by this Act are directed to be recovered.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid a Meeting of the said Committee for the Time being Avail be held four Times in every Year; that is to say, on the Monday before Mtdfummr* day, Ale Monday before Michaelmas-day, the Monday before the Epiphany, and the Monday before EajUr-day, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of each and every of the said Days, in any of the Counties before mentioned, which the said Committee shall think the most convenient Place of transacting the Bu-fitiefs; and the Committee at such quarterly Meetings Aiall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, as Occasion may require; the first of which said quarterly Meetings shall be held on the first of the said Days on which the said quarterly Meetings are herein before appointed, to be held, which shall. first happen after the EledVion of such Committee for the several Counties before mentioned, and the said 1jk of Ely, and at such Place as shall be fixed and agreed upon by such Committee after their Flection; and at such first quarterly Meeting, and every subsequent quarterly Meeting, of such Committee for the Time being, a.Chairman for each of (ucii quartetly Meetings shall be chosen, and the Place at which the then next quarterly Meeting Aiall be held shall be fixed upon and appointed by the Majority of such Conr-miu.ee then assembled, and the Chairman of such Committee is hereby required to cause fourteen Days Notice to be given of the Time and Place of the next following quarterly Meeting of such Committee, in the Northampton, Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln Newspapers; and all Matters or Things that shall come before such Committee lor their Determination ftull be determined by a Majority of Votes of the Members of such Committee there present \ and if there shall be an Equality ot Votes upon any Question which shall come before the said Committee, then the Chairman shall have a Caftwig Vote, by which Vote such Question in Dispute shall be determined.

LV. Provided nevertheless, That in case, at any such quarterly Meetings, there shall not be present aitd be dow »t ^ffembied [even of the Persons constituUng such Committee, then and in such Case it is hereby ceclared, vt\\) NUiun*s, that

to

U\s Duty.

Qnitteib M? et-

lags

Chairman to St choser.

QutftVtu to\se determined by a Majontif.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40, 6 27

that rfo Bufinefe whatsoever shall be done at such Meeting, and the Majority of the Persons then present unleO shall cause fourteen Days Notice to be given in the Northampton, Cambridge, Stamford\ and Lincoln Weekly Wcmbers arQ Newspapers, of the then next ensuing quarterly Meeting. prc cm#

V. Provided also, That if, at any Time after the Expiration of two Years from the passing of this Act, Aficrtwo Yeir*,

the said Committee shall judge it sufficient for the Purposes of this Act to meet half-yearly only, indead of ]j*,f7wrly, quarterly, that then the said Committee shall not afterwards bfc obliged to hold their Meetings oftener than r

twice in every Year, which Meetings shall be holden upon the Monday before Michaelmas-day, and the ay c 0 Monday before Eajicr-day; and the Committee at every such half-yearly Meeting shall be subject to the

like Regulations and Directions, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities, in all Respects, as are in this Act mentioned or contained with respect to the said quarterly Meetings; any 'Piling herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear to any three or more of such Com- Three Commit-mi t tee for the Time being, that, for the more effectual putting any of the Powers granted by this Act into Execution, or for settling or difeuffing any Matters or Things whatsoever relative to the same, a Special Mcetinp"clal Meeting of such Committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall be lawful for the said three or "5* more of the said Committee for the Time being to direct the Clerk to give Notice of such Special Meeting

of the Committee to every Member thereof, setting forth the Place where, and the Time when such Special Meeting shall be appointed to be held; and in case there shall be then present at such Special Meeting seven of the said Committee, it shall be lawful for the said Committee, so present, to proceed in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act to such Committee.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any one or more of the said Committee for the Time Commitbeing shall die, or shall decline Business as a Manufacturer or Manufactures, or shall go to reside in ,fc.Mcntoh*

any County not subject to the Regulations of this Act, or shall wilfully absent himself or themselves from cancies Upon the said quarterly Meetings, for the Space of one Year, or refuse to act, then and in such Case it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Committee for the Time being, at any of their said quarterly Meetings, there being seven of such Committee then present, to chuse another or other proper Person or Persons, being a Manufacturer or Manufacturers of combing Wool, Worded Yarn, or Goods made from Worded, in his or their Place or Places, who shall have the same Power and Authority as if appointed at a General Meeting.

VIIU And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any Time hereafter, it shall appear If Committee to any sixty or more of the Manufacturers of combing Wool, Worded Yarn, or Goods made from "c*!c£*lhcir Worded, within the said Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon^ Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, uty*

and the Isle of Ely, that the said Committee for the ime being neglect to discharge their Duty, to the

Ends. Intents, and Purposes for which such Committee was appointed; and in case such sixty or more of such Manufacturers, so dissatisfied, shall, in Writing under their Hands^ make Complaint thereof to the ‘Y1 Complaint Justices of the Peace for the County of Northampton, in any of the General or Quarter Sessions of the e'eneui Meet*. Peace^ or in any Adjournment thereof, for the aforesaid County, to be held and assembled, then and in ing. such Case it shall be lawful for such Justices, in such Sessions assembled, and they are hereby required (if they shall think proper, alter hearing the Nature of such Complaint) to call and appoint a General Meeting of the Manufacturers of combing Wool, Worded Yarn, and Goods made from Worded, within the aforesaid Counties, and the Isle of Ely, at such Time and Place as such Justices shall think proper, and shall also cause Notice to be given of such General Meeting of such Manufacturers as aforesaid, in the North-amtton, Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln Newspapers, setting forth the Place where, and the Time when, such General Meeting shall be held, the same not being less than twenty-one Days after such Notice given in the said Papers, and which Notice shall be continued in the said Papers until such Meeting shall be held; and it shall be lawful for such Manufacturers, then present at such General Meeting, called and held in Manner aforesaid, to elect, nominate, and appoint a Committee, confiding of the same Number of Persons, and in the like Manner, and under and subject to the like Orders, Regulations, and Directions as is and are herein before laid down and ordered for the Election of the first Committee; and the Persons fi> elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new Committee in Manner aforesaid, shall thereupon be invested Vith the same Powers and Authorities as the former Committee were invested with.

IX. And, for preventing Frauds and Abuses for the future by Persons employed in the said Manu-

factures of combing Wool, Worded Yarn, and Goods made from Worded, and for the more effectual

carrying this Act into Execution/ be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the said to ap-

Counties, and the Isle of Ely respectively, at their next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the P?*?? laid Counties, and the said IfU of Ely respectively, or any Adjournment thereof, after Michbclmai next of Yarn* after the passing of this Act, or in case of no Adjournment, then any two Justices^ shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to licrnfe and appoint such Persons of good Character and Repute, within the aforesaid Counties and the Isle of Ely, as shall be recommended to the said Tudices by the said committee of Manufacturers, in Writing under their Hands, to be Inspectors of Worlred Yarn within the wd Counties and the JJk of Ely.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Manufacturers for the Time being (Rail Committee to *nd may, and they are hereby authorised to station such Inspectors for such Districts in the said Counties, ^al*on *nJp«c-foe *fl* of Ely, as the said Committee shall think proper, and shall and may assign, allow, and pay to so* said Inspectors so appointed, such yearly Salaries as the said Committee shall think proper to be paid foe Fund herein after mentioned to be raised for that and the other Purposes of this Act, and also inall and may remove, dismiss, and displace any of fudrlufpeftors, who- by Sickness, or any other Accident.

628

Jnfye£tor« to use Diligence In Convicting and bringing Offenders to Justices

Their Power,

T>iregions how Wotfted Yarn full be reeled.

Bedfordshire.

Huntingdonshire

Northamptonshire. Leicestershire. Rutlandshire. Lincolnshire.

Me of Ely.

General Regulations for putting nut Wool for spinning,&c.

penalties on f*l&

reeling of

Worited Yarn#

C. 40. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

dent, shall be rendered incapable of serving the said Office, or shall misbehave, or not condu£t himself or themselves to the Satisfaction of such Committee.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspectors for the Time being so appointed, shall severally and respectively, in the several Districts allotted to them determined by the said Committee, use all due Diligence and Industry for the convicting and bringing to Justice all Offenders against this and the said former Acts, and also shall and do from Time to Time, and as often as they shall be thereto required by the said Committee, inspect the several Reels of all and every the Spinners of Worsted Yarn in their several and respective Districts within the said Counties, and the Isle of Ely, and also the Hanks of Worsted Yarn, in order to see that the Directions herein after laid down for reeling such Yarn be complied with; and also shall and do, from Time to Time, when and as they, or any of them, shall detedl any Person or Persons offending against this or the said former Acts, lodge Informations against such Offender or Offenders before any Justice or Justicqs of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, and prosecute such Offender or Offenders to Conviction: And it shall be lawful for every such Inspector, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to inspedi the Yarn in the Custody of any Manufacturer or Putter-out of Wool, or of any Agent or Agents hired or employed by him, or of any Spinner of such Wool or Worsted Yarn, within the said Counties, and the Isle of Ely; and in case any such Person shall refuse to shew and produce the Yarn in his Custody, he (half forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds, nor leffs than five Pounds, if a Manufacturer or Putter-out of Wool, or an Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons hired or employed to put out Wool; and if a Spinner or Spinners, then a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, as such Justice or Justices before whom he, she, or they shall be convicted, shall think proper, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons employed or undertaking to spin or reel Worsted Yarn for Hire in the said Counties, and the Isle of Ely, shall reel, or cause or procure the same to be reeled, either upon a Yard Reel of thirty-six Inches, or a Seven Quarter Reel of Iixty-three Inches, or a Two Yard Reel of seventy-two Inches round; and when such Worsted Yarn shall be so reeled, each and every several Hank or Skain of such Worsted Yarn which shall be so reeled shall consist of or contain such a Number of Raps or Leas, each and every of which Raps or Leas confiding of or containing eighty Threads of such Worited Yarn, as is herein after specified; that is to fey, The Worsted Yam spun in the County of Bedford shall be fix or seven Leas reeled on the Yard Reel, and fix Leas reeled on the Seven Quarter Reel, and fix Leas reeled on the Eight Quarter, or Two Yard Reel, according to the Custom of that County: The Worsted Yarn spun in the County of Huntingdon shall be six or seven Leas reeled upon the Yard Reel, and lix Leas reeled on the Seven Quarter Reel, and fix Leas reeled on the Eight Quarter, or Two Yard Reel, according to the Custom of that County: The Worsted Yarn spun in the County of Northampton shall be fix or seven Leas to the Skain, reeled on the Yard Reel, according to the Custom of that County: 1 he Worsted Yarn spun in the County of Leicester shall be lix

or seven Leas reeled upon the Yard Reel, according to the Cullom of that County: The Worned Yarn spun in the County of Rutland llrall be fix or seven Leas reeled upon the Yard Reel, according to the Custom of that County: The Worsted Yarn spun in the County of Lincoln, shall be seven Leas, reeled upon the Yard Reel, or Two Yard Reel: And the Worsted Yarn spun in the Jjie of Ely shall be seven Leas reeled upon the Yard Reel, and fix Leas reeled on the Seven Quarter Reel, and lix Leas reeled on the Eight Quarter, or Two Yard Reel.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons employed to put out Wool for spinning, shall confine themselves either to six or seven Lead Yarn, but shall by no means put out both from the same Place, nor shall any such Person or Persons take in, or have in his Possession at one or the same Time, the Wool or Yarn belonging to more than one Manufacturer; and that every Person or Persons who shall put out Wool, or take in Yarn, otherwise than as above specified, (h.ul pay forty Shillings, upon Conviction of such Off'ence by the Oath (or, if the Witness be of the People called Qj/akers, solemn Affirmation) of one Witness, which Penalty shall be paid into the Hands of the nearell: inspector, and shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted, for the Benefit of the Persons interested in the Fund herein after directed to be established; and that the said Committee may and shall give Instructions to the Spinners, or Agents employed to put out Wool hr spinning, that every Hank or Skain shall be the Work of one Spinner only; and that if any Person (ha! be suspected of having mixed the Work of two or more Spinners in one Hank, and it shall be madeappeir before one Justice of the Peace, by the Oath (or, if the Inspector is of the People called Quakers, by tie (bleinn Affinnation) of the Inspector, that in his Opinion the suspected Hank or Hanks is or are of such different Degrees of Eineness as will be prejudicial to the said Manufacturers, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Justice to convict the Person who shall have delivered in the said Hank or Hanls of having mixed the same as aforesaid, and such Person for every such Hank, fin.II forfeit the Sum of six Pence; and if a Pound of Yarn, more or lefts, be v/rapt about with a Skain of Yarn, it shall be equal in Goodness, and contain the same Number of Leas as die Hanks in the Pound or (founds are directed to be y and that the Leas be divided in Manner following; that is to say. Three double Leas and a single Lea for the leven Leas, and three double Leas for the lix Lead Yarn: Provided always, that every Spinner to whom any W ool or Yarn shall be put out by any Manufacturer, who shall keep the lame in his or her Custody more than four Months before it is wrought or delivered back to such Manufacturer, or his Agent, shall be deemed guilty of embezzling the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, hired or employed in the combing of Wool, or in the spinning, reding, winding, or weaving of Worsted Yam, or in the preparing or working

629

r

A.D. 1785 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40.

ing up any of the Materials used in the said Manufactures, in the said Counties, or the Isle of Ely, shall reel, or cause to be reeled, or tie up, or cauie to be tied up, any Worffed Yarn, contrary to the Directions before specified and laid down for the reeling and tying up such Yarn, or shall conceal, keep back, embezzle, Jell, or otherwise dispose of any Wool, or other Materials intruded with him, her, or them, to spin, or for other Purposes, and shall of all or any of such itvcral Ohencts be lawfully convicted, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, Division, City, Town, or Place, where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, upon the Oath (or, if the Owner thereof be of the People called Quakers, solemn Affirmation) of the Owner of such Yarn or Wool, or upon the Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid of the Inipedor or Inspectors appointed as aforesaid, or of any one pr more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby i in powered and required to administer), or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with all or any of such Offences, every such Person shall, for each and every such Offence, be subjvct and liable to the same Penalties and Punishments as are severally inflicted by the said former Acts, so far as the said former Acts, or any of them, are unrepealed; all which Penalties shall be recovered, and Punishments inflicted, in the Manner directed by the said Acts, or any of them, and which said Penalties shall be publickly distributed, by the Constable of the Township, Parish, or Place, where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, in the Prtfence and under the Direction of the said Inspector or Inspectors, amongst the Poor of such Township,

Parish, or Place.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Profecufw not subjecting any Prosecutor or Prosecutors of any Offender or Offenders against this, and the said former Acts, ges

to any Charges or Expences of conveying such Offender or Offenders to Prison; but such Charges and Ex- ^onvc>,16

Iiences shall be paid and borne by the Constable or other Officer conveying such Offender or Offenders to la

*rifon, and such Constable or other Officer shall be reimbursed and repaid such Charges and Expences, in like Manner as he is reimbursed and repaid any other Charges or Expences incurred in his said Office.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That no Part or Share of such Penalties or Forfeitures be given to such Of- NoPartofPen*!. fender or Offenders, his, her, or their Family or Families. to be given

to OftdK.ers or

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Agent or Person hired or employed to put out Wool to be spun into Worffed Yarn, shall have in his or her Custody or Possession any Worffed Yarn not reeled accord- g/nTsrcfofin? r» ing to the Directions herein before specified and laid down for the reeling thereof, and shall retufe, or not discovrr Periom let forth and give in Evidence, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, puiity ot taitc Division, City, Town, or Place, Wherein such Agent or Person shall reside, being tncreto required, what rcclinS«

Person or Persons was or were the Keeler or Keelers of such falle or (hurt Yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the lame, so that the Person or Persons who reeled, or earned to be reeled, such faile or short Yarn may be lawfully convicted thereof in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they, so refilling, or not letting forth, or giving in Evidence as afore laid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, upon the Oath of any Person or Person*, before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Parcel of Yarn made up as and for a Pound, so Life and short reeled, which shall be found in his or her Custody; all which Penalties, inflicted by this Act, shall be recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties inflicted by the said former Acts are directed to be recovered, and (bail go, be paid, and applied by every such Person, and in such Manner and Form, to the Poor of the Township or Place, as the Penalties herein before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XVIII. And forasmuch as Doubts have arisen, whether the Goods and Chattels of a Husband, whose Wife shall offend against the said former Acts, are liable to Distreis and bale for raising the Penalties thereby created \ be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing this Act, all such Penalties Goods of Huf-as shall be incurved by any married Woman or married Women shall and may be recovered, levied, and *hoie raised, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Husband or Husbands of such married Woman 1W*'|CS offenri* or Women so offending against this Act, in the Manner directed by the said former Acts, or any of them. aj^j sal|°eD,ft, cri

XIX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That if any Person who shall be so appointed an uPnn the Death Inspector of Worffed Yarn shall happen to die, or shall be removed or displaced from his laid Office, it shall oHnf^aor*, be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the said Counties, or the Isle of Ely rdpcdively, in Quarter Sessions 0lhers to be assembled, or in any Adjournment thereof, to license fume other proper Person or Persons to be an Inspector aPPuimc<* or Inspectors of W orffed Yarn within the said Counties, and the Isle of Ely, upon the Recommendation of the Committee Men, or the Majority of them, redding in such County, or the Isle of Ely, within which the Inspector or Inspectors, so dying, removed, or displaced, shall have acted f which said Person or Persons shall be invested with all the Powers, and subject to the like Removal, and liable to the like Penalties for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, as the Inspector or Inspectors in whole Place or Places he or they shall be appointed tofucceed, was or were inverted with, or subject or liable to.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Inspector or Inspectors, so appointed as aforesaid, shall Punishment of at any Time or Times hereafter take or receive, from any Person or Persons offending against this or the Inspectcn said former Acts, any Sum or Sums ot Money, or any other T hing whatsoever, to lereen from Justice, or k'reer,:ng Of* otherwise to hinder or prevent such Person or Persons, so offending as aforesaid, from being convicted for such Vffom Offence or Offences, and being thereof convicted upon Oath (or, if the Witness be of the People called UC*

Quakers, solemn Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before ar*y one or more Justice or Justices w the Peace of the County, Liberty, Division, City, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be combed (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administerJ, wn, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to commit such Inspector

630

Fund to be established for defraying the Expence of the Execution of this Act.

Drawback on Soap uiird in the Stocking Manufacture in Leicestershire exempt from the Deduction.

Power to repay Manufacturers of Haro-teens in Northamptonshire Fart of the Money paid out of their Drawbacks,

The-Tceafurerj to repay the Charges of this Act out of Monies to be received.

The Rate of 4

in the Shilling may be increased or reduced.

C. 40. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

or Inspectors, To offending, to the House of Correction, or other publick Prison, in the County, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, for the Space of one Month.

XXI. And whereas, by several Acts of Parliament made in the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and several subsequent Acts, the Collectors of the Duties upon Soap, by the said Acts granted, are directed to pay out of the Monies in their Hands, by way of Drawback, unto any Person or Persons who should employ any Quantity of Soap in the making of any Manufacture whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials should be Wool, or in preparing the Wool for the same, the Duties upon the Soap so spent and consumed as a for da id; and to the End that a sufficient Fund may be raised for defraying the Expences in and about obtaining this Act, and for paying the Salaries of the Inspectors, and Clerk or Clerks to be appointed under and by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, as aforesaid, and all other necessary Expences attending the carrying this Act into Execution, under the Direction of the said Committee/ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Collector or Collectors, Supervisor or Supervisors, or other Person or Persons employed in the Collection of the Duties on Soap within the Counties aforesaid, and the said Ijh of Ely, and who by the said Acts are directed j to pay such Drawback of the Duties on Soap to such Manufacturers as aforesaid, and such Collector or Collectors, Supervisor or Supervisors, or other Person or Persons, is and are hereby required from Time to Time to deduct and retain the Sum of four Pence out of every Shilling, to which any Person, being a Matter Manufacturer of combing Wool, Worded Yarn, or Goods made from Worded, redding within the Counties aforesaid, or the Isle of Ely, shall from Time to Time hereafter be entitled, and of which he, she, or they shall demand Payment under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, as and for the Duties of and for all Soap spent, employed, and consumed in the combing of Wool, making of Worded Yarn, or any Kind of Goods made from Worded, or preparing the Wool for the same, in the said Counties, and the Isle of Ely; and such Collector or Collectors, Supervisor or Supervisors, or other Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall severally and respectively pay, or cause to be paid, into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by the said Committee, at their quarterly Meeting (Demand being made thereof), all and every the Sum or Sums of Money by him, them, or any of them, so deducted, retained, had, or received, under and by virtue, and for the Purposes of this ACi, such Treasurer or Treasurers giving Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee, for all Sums so received by him or them.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That the Drawback of the Duties on all Soap which shall be spent, employed, or consumed within the said County of Leicester, in preparing and combing of Wool, and making of Worsted Yarn, used in the Stocking-weaving Manufacture, and in fitting wove Stockings for Sale, shall, upon Oath (or, if the Person be of the People called Quakers, solemn Affirmation) being first made, that the Soap was spent, employed, and consumed in the said Stocking-weaving Manufactory, be entirely exempted from the above mentioned Deduction; which Oath or Affirmation any Justice of the Peace is hereby impowered to administer.

XXIII. Provided also, That the said Committee may and shall repay all Manufacturers of Haroteens that make their own Yarn, within the County of Northampton, whose Rate of spinning does not exceed ten Skains or Hanks in a Pound on the Average, fix Leas to the Hank or Skain on the Yard Reel, Hall of the Money which shall have by them been paid out of their Drawback on Soap the preceding Year, such Manufacturers certifying the same to the said Committee on Oath (or, if the Person be of the People called Quakers, solemn Affirmation), which Oath or Affirmation any Justice of the Peace is hereby impose red to administer; but if a Manufacturer makes any other Sort of Goods besides Haroteens, or any other Sort of Yarn besides that which is used in the manufacturing of Haroteens, he shall be subject to the same Drawback, or Deduction out of his Drawback, as any other Maker of Worded Yarn.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being shall, out of the Money hereafter to be received by him or them in Manner aforesaid, pay the Charges and Expences of obtaining and patting this Act, and the Expences relative thereto, together with Interest for all or any Part of such Expences, the Salaries of the Inspectors and Clerk herein before directed to be appointed, the Expences of all Prosecutions in support of this and the said former Acts, and such other Charges and Expences as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the Support and Encouragement of the said Manufacture, as the said Committee, in Committee assembled, shall, by Writing under their Hands, direct or appoint *, and the said 7Yeafurer or Treasurers is or are also hereby required not to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, to be hereafter received by him or them for the Purposes of this Act, in Manner aforesaid, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Purposes whatsoever, without such Order, Direction or Appointment in Writing, under the Hands of such Committee for the Time being, in Committee assembled; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall lay their Account before the said Committee for Examination whenever they may require the same, and shall return and transmit to such Committee a true and perfect Account of all and every the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have come to his or their Hands, or been paid by him or them, from Time to Time, as often as the said Committee shall require the same.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case, at any Time hereafter, the Monies herein before directed and ordered to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, after Payment of all and every the Charges and Expences herein before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds only, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Committee, by Writing under their Hands, to make Orders for increasing the aforesaid four Pence per Shilling, which the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise are herein before directed to retain in their Hands, to any Sum not exceeding six Pence in the Shilling, as they may think necessary, until the Fund shall

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgir III. C. 40. &31

amount to five hundred Pounds; and from Time to Time, upon like Application, reduce the same to three Pence, two Pence, or one Penny, lb as the Fund in the Treasurer or Treasurers Hands shall not exceed five hundred Pounds, nor be reduced to less than two hundred Pounds, and so as the same shall not exceed the Rate, Proportion, or Sum of six Pence per Shilling, herein before directed to be deducted and retained as aforesaid.*

XXVI. And whereas it is found inconvenient to subject certain Machines, wherein Worded Yarn is c spun by Means of a Water Mill, to the Entrance of an Inspector or Inspectors be it therefore enacted.

That all such Machines shall be exempted from the several Provisions of this Act, and that no Order of any water Mill of the aforesaid Committees shall have Power to extend to the Drawback allowed on Soap used in the wafti- Spinning Ma-ing of Wool to be spun in the Paid Machines: Provided that all Persons possessed of any such Machines, chines not to bt \yho shall also give out Wool to be (bun by Hand, shall cause the Wool intended for spinning by Hand to Jj* to

be waftied in some Place or Places different and distant from that whereat they shall warn the Wool for any the Aft"* ° such Machine, and shall from Time to Time exhibit to the Collectors or Supervisors of his Majesty's Excise, and to the Committee aforesaid, if required, a separate Account of the Wool washed in each Place, and intended for each Purpose herein mentioned, which Account shall be verified upon Oath (or, if the Owner or Owners be of the People called Quakers, solemn Affirmation) of the Owner or Owners, Conductor or Conductars of such Machines, which Oath or Affirmation any Justice of the Peace Is hereby impowered to administer.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such of the Members of the Members of the said Committee as shall be appointed for, or reiide within any of the said Counties respectively, or the said Committee Ifttf Ely, or the Majority of them, and they are hereby respectively authorised and impowered from Time Mch. to Time, whenever they shall judge necessary, to appoint such Number of Persons to be additional Inspec- motors within and for their respective Counties, or the ljle of Ely (the Charges and Expences attending such appoint »ddi- 1

Appointment to be paid and defrayed out of the Money subscribed or to be subscribed, as herein after mentional Inspectioned), and also to make such Regulations, and do such Acts, Matters, and Things, as they shall think ton, and make proper for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution within, and so far only as relates to their respect Regulation* five Counties, or the said Isle of Ely (except the removing of Inspectors to be nominated by the said Committee); and all Rich additional Inspectors so to be appointed (being approved of by the Justices of the Peace for such respective Counties, or the ljle of Ely, but not otherwise), shall have the same Powers and Authorities of acting as Inspectors within such respective Counties, or the Ifu of Ely, for or in respect of which they shall be appointed, as are herein before given to the Inspectors which mall have been nominated by the said Committee in pursuance of this Act 5 and that all such Regulations, Acts, Matters, and Things, so to be made as aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual as if the lame had been made or done by the said Committee, until the next quarterly Meeting of the said Committee, at which quarterly Meeting a Report shall be made of such Regulations, Acts, Matters, and Things, and the said Committee, at such quarterly Meeting, shall, and are hereby required to take such Report into Consideration, and to allow and confirm, or disallow and set aside, or to vary and alter such Report, and the several Regulations, Acts, Matters, and Things, therein mentioned, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner as they shall think proper, any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: Provided that nothing herein contained mail extend, or be construed to extend, to the Appointment of any additional Inspectors, or to any Regulation, Act, Matter, or Thing, to be made by such Members of the said Committee as shall be appointed for any of the said Counties respectively, or the said Isle of Ely, or the Majority of them, in respect to the Management of the private Subscription Fund within any such County, or the Isle of Ely, as herein after mentioned.

XXVIII. And whereas some Persons who are not Manufacturers of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, may have already subscribed, or may hereafter subscribe Money for encouraging the said Manufacture within their respective Counties, or within the said ljle of Ely; be it therefore enacted, That all Money which hath been or shall hereafter be subscribed by any Person or Persons, not Application of being a Manufacturer or Manufacturers as aforesaid, for or towards encouraging the said Manufacture with- Money ftbfcrib* in any of the said Counties, or me said ljle of Ely, shall be paid to such Person as shall be appointed to re- ed b* Persons ceive the same, by such of the Members of the said Committee as shall be appointed for, or reiide within notj£ing Ma* such County, or the said Isle of Ely \ and it shall be lawful for such Members of the said Committee, so aft- nu ureif‘

>ng for, or residing within such County, or the ljle of Ely, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to *pply and dispose of such Money in paying and making proper Salaries or Allowances to any additional Inspectors whom they may think fit to appoint as aforesaid, for such County, or the ljle of Ely, and for encouraging the said Manufacture within such County, or the said Isle of Ely, in such Manner as they shall, from Time to Time, think proper, and to or for no other Ulc or Purpose whatsoever j any Thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And whereas the County of Lincoln consists of three several Parts or Divisions; (videlicet,)

Eiufcy, Holland, and Ke/teven,’ be it therefore enacted, That the several Powers vested iq and by this Justiceifor Act in the Justices of the Peace for the respective Counties^ included in this Act, shall be construed and Southern Di*U taken, as to the said County of Lincoln, and the City and County of the City oft Lincoln, to be vested in fan of Lindsey the Justices of the Peace for the Southern Division of the Parts of Lindsey, within the said County. to*/or Lixv*

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the Conviction to be made out in Manner and Form following; (that is* to%>)

632 C*4°""42. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Form of Con* c BE it remembered, Tint on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

tittion. 4 JL) A. /!>. is convicted before me [or usj of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for [f'caiYinS Offence? and the Place where the same was committed > and

( aljb specifying that it was the first, second, or third Offence, against this Act, as the Case shall bef

Given under my Hand and Seal, [er our Hands and Seals, J the Day and Year aforesaid,*

Person* aggrieved may appeal to the Qiurter Sessions#

Person* appealing to give Security to profc* cute.

Orders (0 be Una!.

Proviso,

Limitation ef Actions,

[General Issue.]

Treble Ccfo*

[Publick Act.]

City of Lincoln to be deemed Part of the County,

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be fairly written on Parchment, and returned to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Division, Town, or Place, where such Conviction shall be made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept among!! the Records of such County, City, Liberty, Division, Town, or Place as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Conviction before him or them,’ in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next General Qiurter Sessions to be held for the County, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, which shall not be held within fourteen Days alter the Caule of Appeal shall arise, giving ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons dkcovering the Offence on which the Conviction was made; and it the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions either confirm or dilannul the Order or Proceedings of the said Justice or Justices, they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the Party aggrieved thereby as they (hnii think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is usual in Cases of Appeal from any Order of the Justices of the Peace to the Sessions, whose Order therein shall be final.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, That the Person or Persons appealing to such Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid shall give Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Li feet, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said Quarter Sessions, in case such Order or Judgement be affirmed; and the Justices in the said Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable, by any YViit of Certiorari^ or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceedings so made or had by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in relation to the Premises, shall be quaftied or vacated for want of Form only.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or A Ton shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pur/uance of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, ami not afterwards, and shall be /overally laid, b/ought, and tried in the County or Place wherein the Caule of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Suit or Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pur/uance of, and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so done, or if any Inch Suit or Action shall be brought alter the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or 1 lace than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or it the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cales at Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the City and County of the City of Lincoln shall, for the Purposes of this Act only, be deemed and taken to be Part of the County of Lincoln, and to be within the Parts of Lindsey, in the said County.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice or as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pieadingAhe fame.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to repeal Part of an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid; for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein; for inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor; and to enable the Vestrymen of the said Parish to erect a Workhouse thereon; and to purchase Land for a Burial Ground; and also to enable his Majesty to shut up a Lane within the said Parish, called Love Lane.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for vesting in Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a Method of extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders, from Pit Coal, throughout his Majesty's Dominions, for a limited Time.

Mineral Actus, a;

[20 Tt\

9

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 633

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to repeal the Duties on Male Servants; and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the ftve- t7 Gw. 3^.39* ral Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing everal Rates and Duties itpon Glass, imposed by qn Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty ether Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof and for the better collecting tloe Duties upon Gluts; and for repealing the everal Rates and Duties charged, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver Plate \ it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July 011c thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, after tfte Rate of twenty-one Shillings per Annum for every Male Servant within Great Britain, who should then have been, or who should afterwards be re- tained or employed in the several Capacities therein del'cribed and enumerated; such yearly Sum to be charged on the Matter or Milirefs of every such Male Servant in Manner therein mentioned; and the said Duty on Male Servants was put under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes: And whereas, in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, another Act was made for amending the said Act: And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-snit Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled An Al fr the better Management ad Coluiion of the Duties upon Mule Servants, granted ai Geo. 3. c. jf, by an Act made in thef:vtntc\n.th Tar cp doe Reign of his present Majesty, the Receipt and Management of the said Duties uj.on Male Servants were transferred from the Cotnmifnoiiers of the Duties on Houses,

Windows, and Lights, to the Comnddioners of xtife for England and Scotland reflectively *, and further Provisions were n»«u.e for 1 ,iM Rearing the said Duties on Male Servants: And whereas, by virtue of an Act made in the twenty-leeo.id Year or his Majesty's Reign, for granting additional Duties on the Produce of n G^eo. 3% c. 66* the fveral Duties under toe Management of the Commissioners of C:jhvis and Excise, an act Jitonal Duty of five Pounds per Centum became charged upon the said Duty on Male Servants, and has been ever fmee collected: Now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, thinking it expedient to repeal the said Duties on Male Servants, mentioned in the said several recited Acts respectively, and to grant unto your Majesty the several new Duties herein after mentioned upon Male and Female Servants, as well for the Purposes for which the said recited Duties on Male Servants were made applicable, as towards raising the Supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, do therefore most humbly beleecli your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au- Duties on Ser thority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-hve, ,aun's> gri, nrla the Duties on Male Servants, granted by the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall ceale, determine, and by the recited be no longer paid or payable. b Arts, ^pealed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect Not to aflfcft the Recovery of Arrears of the said repealed Duties, which, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven the Recovery of hundred and eighty-five, may remain unpaid, or the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture which may have Arrears*

been incurred on or before the same Day.

III. And be it further enacted and declared,

ven hundred and eighty-five, there shall he paL

Kingdom of Great Britain, by every Person who shall retain or employ any Male Servant or Servants, the rTam,< several yearly Sums following j that is to say,

rhat, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand fe- I*Hes to He

For one Male Servant, the Sum of one Pound and five Shillings:

For two Male Servants, and not more, the Sum of one Pound and five Shillings each:

For three, and not more than four Male Servants, the Sum of one Pound and ten Shillings each:

For one or two,

11. 5 j. each: For three or four, il, 101»

For five, and not more than seven Male Servants, the Sum of one Pound and fifteen Shillings each:

For eight, and not more than ten Male Servants, the Sum of two Pounds each:

And for eleven Male Servants, and upwards, the Sum of three Pounds each:

1

And every Male Person, of the Age of twenty-one Years and upwards, never having been married, who (Hall retain or employ any Male Servant or Servants, shall pay the annual Sum of one Pound and five Sniffings for each Male Servant, over and above the Duties herein before mentioned,

turned by unmarried Men ab.vc u Yean

Fivtto seven I. 15 *. each 1 Eight to ten,

21. each:

For eleven and upwards, 3 I. each:

An additional 11. 5 s. for everp Male Servant !* of Age.

IV. And, in order to ascertain what Description of Male Servants shall be within the Duties herein be- t ‘fore granted,’ be it further enacted, That the said Duties granted by this Act shall extend to, and be pay- ,fn^"\t!c" able for, every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed in any of the following Capacities; that is ^m-Cor Chon* to (ay, Maitre d’ Hotel) House-steward, Mailer of the Worse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, the DuUestt.u

Butler, btpai4.

634

Duties to be pain for Fctrale Scry acts:

For one, is. 6d.t

For two, 5 s. each

For three or mme, ios» each;

M Ic PeTfni

u mnarried, above is Years of dge.to pay an additional 2 s. 6 d. for one 5 », each for two Servants j

and ios# each, for three or snore Servants,

Not to extend to Servants employed in Hul-bandry, &c,

Dut'es lor Coachmen, Groom-', &c. let out to hire, by whom u> be. paid.

Duties to be paid for Apprentices employed in any of the Capacities before mentioned.

Exception,

Not to extend to Butlers, See, In ibe Univer-

fitiea j

nor to the Servants of the Royal Family} nor the Royal Hospicak, Sc Cm

One Servant of any Officer under the Rank of a Field Officer, &c. not liable to the Duces*

C. 43. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Butler, Under-butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House-porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Postillion, Stable-boy, and the respective Helpers in the Stables of such Coachman, Groom, or Postillion, Gardener not being a Day Labourer, Park-keeper, Game-keep*r, Huntsman or Whipper-in, Waiters in Taverns, Coffee-houses. Inns, Alehouses, or any other Houses 11-censed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail (other than occasional Waiters), or by whatsoever Name or Names, Male Servants really acting in any of the Laid Capacities thallbc called, or whether fudi Male Servants shall have been, or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business jointly with one or more of the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall also be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Briuuny by every Person who shall retain or employ any Female Servant or Servants, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say.

Every Person who shall retain or employ any one Female Servant, and not more, shall, for such Female Servant, pay annually the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence;

Every Person who mail retain or employ two Female Servants, and not more, shall, for each of them, pay annually the Sum of five Shillings:

Every Person who shall retain or employ three or more Female Servants, shall, for each of them, pay annually the Sum of ten Shillings:

And every Male Person of the Age of twenty-one Years, and upwards, never having been married, who shall retain or employ any one Female Servant, and not more, shall, for such Female Servant, pay annually the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence, over and above the Duty for one Female Servant herein before mentioned:

Servant \

And every Male Person of the Age of twenty-one Years, and upwards, never having been married, wh& shall retain or employ two Female Servants, and not more, shall, for each of them, pay annually the Sum of five Shillings, over and above the Duty of five Shillings each for two Female Servants, herein before mentioned:

And every Male Person of the Age of twenty-one Years, and upwards, never having been married, who shall retain or employ three or more Female Servants, shall, for each of them, pay annually the Sum of ten Shillings, over and above the Duty of ten Shillings each for three or more Female Servants, herein before mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties granted by this Act shall not extend to any Male or Female Servant who shall be retained or employed bona Jide for the Purposes of Husbandry, Farmers, Dairy, or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling (other than Waiters, as aforesaid) by which the Master or Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit.

VII. Provided alto, and be it further enacted, That the Duty hereby granted for every Coachman, Groom, Postillion, or Helper, let out to hire by way of Jobb, shall be paid by the Master or Mistress, for whole Use and in whose Service such Coachman, Groom, Postillion, or Helper, shall be employed respectively; and the Duty hereby granted for every Gardener, retained or employed by any Person or Penons who shall contract for the keeping of any Garden or Gardens, shall be paid by the Person or Persons for whose Use and in whose Garden such Gardener shall be employed.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to exempt any Person or Persons from the Payment of any of the Duties granted by this Act, in respect of any Servant retained or employed in any of the Capacities aforesaid, on account or under Pretence that such Servant is or shall be bound as an Apprentice to such Person or Persons; save and except such Apprentices as are or shall be imposed upon any Master or Mistress, under and by virtue of the Powers given to Magistrates and Parish Officers by any Act of Parliament, so as the Number of such Apprentices, so imposed upon any Master or Mistress, does not exceed two: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to exempt any such Apprentice or Apprentices who is or are employed as Livery Servants.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge with any of the Duties hereby granted, the Butler or Butlers, Manciple, Cook or Cooks, Gardener or Gardeners, or Porter or Porters, of any College or Hall within either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the Universities ot Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, or Saint Andrews, in Scotland\ or of the several Colleges of Westmirj/ler, Eaton, or Wvichester; or the Servants of his Majesty, or any of the Royal Family; or of any Ambassador or foreign Minister residing in the Kingdom of Great Britain,

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with any of the Duties hereby granted, any of the Royal Hospitals of Chnji, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas, in the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or Guy's, or the Foundling Hospital.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend* to charge with the Duty hereby imposed, any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons, under the Rank, or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided he retains no more than one Servant; nor any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry, or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, for any Servant who is actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong 5 nor any Officer in his Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a Master and Commander in actual Employ, for any Servant who is borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong*

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 635

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Officer on Half Pay from his Majesty's Navy, Army, or Marines, who have been disabled by Loss of a Limb, or Wound received in his Majesty's Service, shall be charged for the Duty on Male Servants for one Male Servant onty, under the Authority of Half pay, not this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Airing Commissioners for any District in England) or the

liable to the Du-

Commissioners of Supply in Scotland, on an Appeal made to them by such Officer, and Proof on Oath made that tics for one Ser-he is an Officer on Half Pay? and disabled as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, to make vant* an Abatement of the whole Duty from the Charge against such Officer.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person who shall have living in their Houses two or ClauseJn faroor

more lawful Children or Grand Children, under the Age of fourteen Years, shall, in respe&of every two of Persons by-such lawful Children or Grand Children, be exempted from the Payment of the Duties by this Act^imposed Gran*"

for one Female Servant; that is to say, If any Person, having two such lawful Children or Grand Children, children/ shall have one Female Servant, and not more, he or she shall be wholly exempted from the Duty hereby im- 7/* Mifu>ktrtt-posed; if any Person, having four such lawful Children or Grand Children, shall have two Female Servants, uf.ft ly 25 Gtu

and not more, he or she shall pay for one Female Servant, at the same Rate as if he or she retained only one 3-c* 7°r Female Servant, and no more; and so in Proportion for any greater Number, abating one Female Servant,

and lowering the Rate of Duty in the Manner herein before provided*, for every two such Children or Grand Children.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to Female Serrart* extend, to subject any Mailer or Mistress to the Payment of any of the Duties impolcj by this Act for any above, or undo, Female Servant who shall be retained by him or her, where it shall be made appear, by an Extract from the Register of the Births kept in the Parish, properly authenticated, where such Servant was born, that at the Time of making the Assessment (he shall be under the Age of fourteen Years, or above the Age of sixty Years.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties charged by this Act shall be assessed, raised, levied, col- Duties to be collected, and received by such Persons, and shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in such h ruch and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Dif- fcxci

abilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, unde^such raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the Duties on Houses and Windows or Lights, in and Penalties, &c. by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the are aopoimed several Ratet and Duties upon Houses, U'lndozvs, and Lights \ and for granting to his Majesty other Rates for Jj1*

and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights \ and for raffing the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand *b"

Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties \ and by another Act, made in the twentieth of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enforce the Execution^/an Act of this Sejfnn

Certain Age«, not liable 10 the Duties.

~of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining,

ao Geo *. c,3, and c. 42 ,

amending,

ft! Geo 2. C.10}

*6 Geo. 2. c. 17}

f'’ 4.W/ of Parliament, -intituled,

, and further enforcing the Execution of an /?.-, PJ!_ rrc-.u.,... and for granting to

‘ An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon safe ‘. the Sum of four

‘ his Majesty other Sates and Duties upon Houses, Window^ZX and by an Act.

‘ lions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, Majesty, intituled, Act for the more

ntade in the twenty-hxth Year of the Reign of h ts said "^g^at Britain called Scotland; and by an

iual levying of the Duties upon If mdoivs or Lights, in t ../. intituled. Act for granting to his 31 Geo. 1. c. t%,

Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign ot hvs Lights

Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices aid Pens .» Jg y on the said Rates and Duties;

and for raising the Sum of five Millions n/V:s nreienf Majesty, intituled, An Act for Geo. 3.0 «i

and by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign1 of hiand by an Act made in the

granting to his Majesty several Rates or Duties upon repealing the several Duties upon Houses, 6 Geo. 3.e. 3S;

hxth Year of his present Majesty, intituled - ft* other Duties ut'nHoufs, and Lights-, and

Windows, and Lights-, and for granhngtobis 'fcirt Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the 1,0*0.3.0.59}

another Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his yxc\Qi and for granting to

Duties on all inhabited Houses, impfted by an Aelmade ,n the loft

his Majesty other Duflns upon all inhabited Houses,n Great Bi tain, ami J or, d.

/n amending so much of an Act, made -a Duty upon all Servants retained or cnip

in the twenty-fourth Year of his prefai-, - J{,eral ‘Duties on Inhabited Houses-, and and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu tL eof, j l.j of or in or upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee \ DirecVionc, Penalties, Forfeitures,

ty any of the said Acts; and all the Powers, Author, tics, Rules the Duti’cs on Houses

Uaufes, Matters and hings, now in force, d ay;ng the Rates and Duties thereby granted,

and Windows or Lights, for aileffing, railing, levying, I £xcCUtion, throughout the whole Ring-shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practise , a P anj a,;ng the Duties hereby placed under

doat of Great Britain, for asscfling, raising, levying, anj cssedually, to all Intents

the Management of the said Commissioners for the A, Duties hereby granted, and are not

and Purposes, so far as such Provisions shall be applicable to tlu Uttf duties - y 5 altered by this Act.

Geo. 3.0.38,

tin on Houftrs, ut this ICCU-

V^onamifHoners for executing this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, in all and singular the 4c> ,0 '-onnties. Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, Aa’inj v 01.. XIV, Part V. 4-N within »iw.

636 C. 43. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III.

/ w ji

Yitft Meeting, *c.

Commissionert, on Default of meeting on the Day above mentioned, may meet afterwards, &c.

Oaths to be taken by Commissioner»,

within Great Britain; and such Commissioners for the speedy Execution of this Act, shall, in the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, for which they are or shall be appointed Commissioners, meet for the first Time on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and afterwards shall in like Manner meet yearly and every Year, at such Day or Time as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think proper to appoint, on or before the thirtieth Day of Aprils and shall then divide themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this present Act, for assessing, railing, levying, and colledhng the Duties granted by this Act, in such and the same Manner as is prescribed by the said Acts relative to the said Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them, with respect to the Duties thereby imposed, except so far as an Alteration is made by this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, by any Negligence or Default, there shall not have been a Meeting of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, within or at the Times, or according to the Manner hereby prescribed, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, in the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and Towns, in Great Britain respectively, wherein such Default shall have happened, may and shall meet at any other Time or Times> as soon as may be after the Time or Times so prescribed, in order to execute the Powers of this Act, so as that the said Duties charged by this Act may be duly and effectually assessed, raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, notwithstanding any such Default or Defect as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall prefutne to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except in administering the Oath herein after expressed), until be shall have taken the several Oaths requisite to qualify him for acting as a Commissioner of the several Duties charged on Houses, and Windows or Lights, by any of the Acts herein before referred to, and also shall have taken the following Oath; that is to say,

Hew Oath.

y A.B. do swear. That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office of a Commissioner, according to aQ

Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of King George the Third, to repeal the Duties on Male Servants; and for granting ?mv\Duties on Male and Female Servants; and that I will determine upon all Appeals which shall be brought before me under the said Act, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge.

'So help me GOD.

Penalty on a£-ing before caking the Oath*.

The first Assessment for three Quarters of a Year.

Which Oath any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised to administer; and if any Person shall act as a Commissioner for the Execution of this Act, except as aforesaid, before he shall have taken such Oaths as aforesaid, he shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the first Assessment of the Duties charged by this Act, shall be

made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five;

~ ~ "om the fifth

Duties to be paid quailtrly.

Clause relative to Peru ns *ho kave paid the old Duties in Advance.

F /ffeflors ne-le& thei» Duty, urveyort, &c. wv perform the

and afterwards the Assessment of the Duties charged by this Act shall be made for one Year, from I Day of April in every Year.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties charged by this Act shall be paid at the Times and

in the Proportions following, (that is to say,) quarterly, on the fifth Day of, the fifth Dav of

April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by equal Portions-, the first of the said quarterly Payments to be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who, previously to the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall have already paid the said repealed Duties on Male Servants for any Part of the said three Quarters for which the first Assessment on xVlale Servants under this Act is hereby directed to be made, or their respective Executors or Administrators, shall, after paying the said first Assessment, have a Right to receive back from the Commissioners of Excise, or any Officer or Officers appointed by them, out of any Money which shall have been paid into, or be in their Hands, such a Proportion of the repealed Duties on Male Servants, so already paid to the said Commissioners of Excise or their Officers, as shall be necessary to prevent a double Payment of the said Duties, in respect of such Male Servants, for the said three Quarters on the said first Assessment, or for any Part thereof; for which Purpose the said Commissioners of Excise are hereby required to make such Orders, in respect to the Time and Manner of such Repayment, as to them shall appear best calculated to effectuate the Intention of this Act, and to prevent a Charge of double Duties for Male Servants on any Person: Provided always, That no Person shall be intitled to receive back from the Commissioners of Excise, or their Officers, under the Provision aforesaid, any Sum in respect of such repealed Duties on Male Servants, for any Portion of the said three Quarters, less than a full Quarter of a Year.

XXII. And, for more effectually levying and collecting the said Duties granted by this Act,’ be it further enacted, That if there shall be a Neglect ot Appointment of Assessors of the said Duties on Houses, and

Windows or Lights, or if the Assessors appointed shall neglect what is required of them by this Act, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, or Inspector or Inspectors,

Ojths to be tak'-n y Actffors.

appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the said Acts, relative to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them, to do and perform such and the like Services as, by the said Acts or any of them, are required from such Assessors.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so appointed or to be appoint J Assessor as aforesaid, or any Surveyor or Inspector hereby authorised to act as an Aifeiior, shall, before he presumes to ait in the

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 637

Execution of the said Office or Employment, take (besides the Oaths or Affirmations required to be taken by Assessors by the before mentioned Acts relative to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them) an Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakeri, make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation, in the following Form:

I A.B. do swear, [0/* affirm, as the Case may require], That in the Assessment which I am required to New Oath.

A make by Authority of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of King George the Third, to repeal the

i Duties on Male Servants; and for charging new Duties upon Male and remale Servants; I will aft accord-

ing to the best of my Skill and Knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Shire, Stewartry,

City, or Place, where the Assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised and required to administer; and Penalty on a£U if any Person so appointed, or to be appointed, or hereby authorised to act as Afkllor, shall presume to act »ng before taking in the Execution of the said Office or Employment, before he shall have taken the aforesaid Oath or Affirm- lhc ation, as the Case shall be, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall, in the Pre- Notice to be cepts to be from Time to Time directed by them to the Inhabitants of the Parishes or Places within their w th* respective Districts or Divisions, naming whom they shall think fit to be Assessors under the said Acts relative */ecC.pr| th* to the said Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them, cause Notice to be inferred, that Afl^or?6114 of such Persons are also appointed Assessors of the Duties granted by this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, shall, within Assessjrs to fourteen Days after such their Appointment yearly, give or leave Notice in Writing, to or for every Person *otice Writkeeping any Male or Female Servant liable^ to the Duties granted by this Act, within the Limits of the to^iT* Places for which such Assessors are to act, at his or her Dwelling-house, to prepare or produce, within four- Ljfb of thdr teen Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, separate Lifts in Writing of his or her Male and Scrvantsempioy-Fetnale Servants retained or employed within such Limits, every such Lift to describe the Christian Name ed within their and Surname of each Servant, and the Capacity in which each mall have been retained or employed, and

to contain the greatest Number of Servants, Male and Female, which such Person shall have retained or

employed at any one Time in the Course of the Year ending the fifth Day of April preceding such Notice;

and every such Person shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out the said Lifts, and sign the fame

with his or her own Name, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such Assessor or Assessors, who are hereby required and directed to call for the same: And if any such Person shall neglect or How Assessortt®

refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such Lifts as aforesaid, within the Time before mentioned, then proceed in case

such Assessor or Assessors shall, from the best Information he or they can obtain, make an Assessment upon nesle&

such Person so neglecting or refusing, for and in respect of the Number of Male and Female Servants, V€rfuc*

liable to the Duties granted by this Act, so kept by him or her; and every such Assessment so made upon any such Neglect or Refusal shall be final and conclusive upon the Person thereby charged, who shall not be

at Liberty to appeal therefrom, unlefe such Person shall prove that he or she was not at his or her Dwelling-

house at the Time of the Delivery of such Notice, nor between that Day and the Time limited for delivering

such Lift as aforesaid to the Assessor; or unless such Person shall alledge and prove such other Excuse for not having delivered his or her Lift, as the Commissioners for executing this Act shall in their Judgement think

reasonable and sufficient.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the respective Lifts which shall be delivered, in Lifts to contain the Manner herein before mentioned, by Order of the said Commissioners, on the first Assessment to be

made by virtue of this Act, shall contain the greatest Number of Male and Female Servants as aforesaid, which the Persons from whom such Lifts are herein before required shall respectively have at any Time kept during the Time between the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth Day of July to which they 0nf !^oufand seven hundred and eighty-five. reUtc*

XXVII. And, to the End that no Person may pay for his or her Servants in more Parishes or Districts than one within the same Year/ be it further enacted, That if any Person, having been assessed under this Commissioner*, Act in one Parish or District for his or her Servants within the same, shall be again assessed in another Parish on Application, or District, for or in respect of such Servants, or any of them; in every such Case, the Commissioners for to *rant Relie* the Execution of this Act, within such latter Parish or District, or the Majority of the said Commissioners ^avc been* tffc/r present, at any Application for the Purpose, may and are hereby required to alter any Assessment of such in different ~ Eerson so assessed twice, on Proof given before them that such Person has paid the said Duties, for or in re- PUcc» for the spect of such Servants, in another Place, and in what Place specifically, or hath been assessed for the fame; kmcSemuti. which Proof shall be made, as to the Fast of Payment, by producing a Receipt signed by the Collector to Whom the same Payment shall have been made, or, in Default thereof, by other reasonable Evidence to the Ya?^?on Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or the Majority of them, before whom

u" ^v^ence ft*aH be offered; and the aforesaid Proof, as to the Fast of the Party having been assessed else- 1

where, shall be made iulike Manner, either by producing a Copy or Certificate of the Assessment signed by two or more Commissioners of the District for which such Assessment shall have been made (which Copy or Certificate the Clerk then attending the said Commissioners shall deliver gratis to the Party requiring the fame), or, in Default of such Copy or Certificate, then such Proof shall be made by other Evidence, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present, or the Majority of them.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be called upon by virtue CUufcrelative t# of this Act to give such Lifts as aforesaid, shall, when he or she shall give in such lifts, at the same Time fo"s«trJt«iPny

*N 2 make different Pa-

riJbcit

638 43.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

In case the Lists delivered to the Assessors shall be found deficient, they may fur-charge the same.

Assessors to deliver their Assessments to the Commissioners within three Months after their Appointment. Commissioners to sign the same, and appoint Collectors, See

Surveyor* tinder the before mentioned Acts may inspeA the Lists before they are signed, and amend them#

If Surveyors discover any Oimf-hens after the Lists or signcJ, they are to certify the Prne to the Commissioners, See,

Penalty on neglecting to deliver Lists and Declarations.

Matters to be doubly rated (or those Servant* they omit tn 1 heir Lpis.

One Half < f which Surcharge to be allowed (he Afletfor or Surveyor making the same.

Inhabitant Houserolfers to deliver Lists ©t L'-d^rr who keep Servant?#

make a Declaration, signed by him or her, of the Number of Servants respectively he or she shall mean to pay for at every other Place, specifying the particular Parishes or Parish, or Districts or District, wherein he or she shall mean to pay for such other Servants respectively, so as that every fuel* Lift or Declaration shall contain the whole Number of Servants retained by such Master or Mistress within the Kingdom of Great Britain, in order to their being charged according to the several Rates nreferibed by this Act* in Proportion to the greatest Number retained in the Whole; and the said Assessors mall enter the List or Declaration last mentioned at the End of their several Assessments, and deliver the said Lift or Declaration to the Surveyor for each Parish or District, in order that he may transmit the Particulars thereof to the Commissioners for managing the Affairs of Taxes.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That such Assessors as aforesaid shall not be bound by such Lifts as shall be delivered to them respectively, in pursuance of this Act; but shall be at Liberty, if they shall find, upon due Examination, that any Servant or Servants is or are omitted in such Lifts, to Surcharge the same, and make a true Aildlment upon every Person keeping such Servants within their respective Districts, of the real Number of Servants retained or employed by each such Person, distinguishing every such Servant in Manner herein before directed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That such Assessors as aforesaid shall, from Time to Time, make and ddiver in Writing their Assessments of the said Duties granted by this Act, within the Limits for which they are respectively to act as aforesaid, unto the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any two or more of them, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Time of their being appointed Assessors; and the said Commissioners, to whom such Assessments shall be so delivered, or any two of them, shall, within the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Receipt of the same rclpcc-threly, or as (bon after as conveniently may be, set their Hands to the said respective Assessments, and to such Surcharge or Surcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean Time, either by the lame Assessors, or by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or Inspector or Inspectors as aforesaid, tcflitying their Allowance or the fame; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the Persons, named or presented in each of such Assessments, to be Collectors, or any other two such Persons as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any two or more of them, shall think able and responsible for the respective Divisions and Places for which Collectors shall be so presented; and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered^ such Assessments, lo by the said Commissioners allowed of, unto the respective Persons by them nominated to be Collectors, who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the Duties £6 and led, and to give Acquittances for the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Surveyor and Surveyors, and inspeCior and Inspectors, [appointed and to be appointed under and by virtue of the said several Acts relative to the Duties oil Houses, and Windows or Lights, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and authorised to inspect and examine any Lilt or Lifts to be made out and ligned by any such Person retaining or employing any such Male or Female Servant or Servants aforesaid, or any Assessment or Assessments for any Parish or Place, before the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall have signed and allowed the fame, and to alter and amend kny such Lilt or Lifts, or Assessment or Assessments, if he or they shall see just Cause for so doing; and every Person in whose Custody any such Lifts or Assessments shall be, shallr and he is hereby required, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Surveyors, or Inspector or Inspectors, as aforesaid, to produce the lame: And if any such Surveyor or Surveyors, or Inspector or Inspector$r shall, after any such List or Lists, and Assessment or Assessments, shall be so respectively made out and signed and allowed as aforesaid, find and discover, upon his or their Survey or Examination, that any Person who ought to be charged with the Duties granted by this Act, or any of them, shall have been omitted to be enarged therewith, or shall have been under* rated, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or Inspector or inspectors, shall certify the lame in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, according to the Directions aforesaid, by way of Surcharge, to any two or more of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Ahf, in order to have such (/million or Under-rate rectified in the said Assessments; and fuclv Commissioners are thereupon to cauie the lame to be rectified, and the Duties levied accordingly.

XXXII. And whereas some Persons, liable to the Duties granted by this Act, may neglect to deliver such Lifts and Declarations as are herein before required,’ be it further enacted, That where any Person liable, under the Directions herein before contained, to deliver such Lifts or Declaration as aforesaid to the Assessors, shall rduic or neglect, within the Time herein before prescribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such Lift or Lilts, or Declaration, to such Aflefibr or Assessors, he or she so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such Oirence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXIII. And, to the End that Persons keeping Servants liable to the Duties granted by this Act; or any of them, may deliver, or cauie to be delivered, to the Aflellbr or Aliellers, true Lilts and Declarations of their respective Servants,’ be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any AflelTor, or Surveyor, or Inipecftor, shall make a Surcharge upon any Person for or in respect of his or her Serv^n.!f or Servants, omitted to be inforted in any such Lift or Declaration as aforesaid, such Surcharge shall be made alter the Rate of Double the Duty of the Servant lb omitted; and the Aflclfor or Surveyor !® making such Surcharge shall be, and he L hereby iraiiled to, and shall have and receive for his’ own Lie, one Moiety or the r>um charged t>y every Surcharge which shall be justly made upon any such List or Declaration

c AXXIV. And whereas iXTicuIties may sometimes arise in discovering Ledgers or Inmates in any

House, liable to pay the Dutie> granted by this Act;’ be it therefore enacted, That the Inhabitant House-

holdef of any Houfo, in which there shall be any Lodger or Inmate, keeping any Servant or Servants

liable to the said Duties# granted by this Act, or any of them, shall. within a Week after a Requisition, by

J Notice

containing the Names of the Parlies; on Penalty of lo I.

Persons overrated may appeal to the Commissioners.

Appellant to deliver, on Oaih, a Li(t of the greatest Number of Servants employ ed>, &c*.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 639

Notice in Writing left at any such House, from or by any Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector of the said Duties on Servants, deliver to, or leave for, such Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector, a List, in Writing, of every Lodger or Inmate in such House, who shall, at the Time of delivering or leaving such Notice, retain or employ any Servant liable to the said Duties granted by this Act, or any of them, or shall have retained or employed any such Servant or Servants, from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, on the first Assessment under this Act; and from the fifth Day of April in each preceding Year, on every future Assessment; which Lift shall express the Christian and Surname of every such Lodger or Inmate, and also of every such Servant or Servants, to the best of the Knowledge or information of such Inhabitant House-holder: And if any Inhabitant Householder shall refuse or neglect to deliver any such Lift as last herein before mentioned, or shall wilfully omit or misrepresent any Description which ought to be contained therein, he or she so offending thall, for every Offence, forfeit ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively overcharged or over-rated by any Asse Aments, Charge, or Surcharge to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively to appeal to the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals, except where it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her List or Lists, or Declaration, in Manner aforesaid, and shall not assign sufficient Cause, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, in Manner for such Oiniflion herein before mentioned, provided that, at the Time of hearing the same Appeal, a List or Lists shall be produced, by or on the Part of the Appellant, upon his or her Oath, of the greatest Number of Servants, liable to the aforesaid Duties granted by this Act, of such Appellant, within the District or Limits of the Place where such Appeal shall be made, kept by him or her at any Time between the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-fiv£, with respect to the Space of Time which shall have elapsed between the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; or with respect to any future Year, the greatest Number of " such Servants which shall have been so kept by him or her within the Year preceding the fifth Day of April in every such Year, with such Description and Explanation, and also such-Lift or Declaration as to other Districts, as is hereinbefore required; and all such Appeals shall be heard and determined, for the first Assessment, on such Days as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any two or more of them, shall appoint, and afterwards on the Days to be appointed, and in the Manner directed by the several Acts herein before mentioned with respect to the Duties on Houses and Windows or Lights.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any of them, shall not, upon the hearing any Appeal, make any Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge or Surcharge made upon any Person by such Assessment as aforesaid, or the Surcharge of any such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, but the same shall (land good and remain Part of the annual Assessment, unless >t shall then appear to the said Commissioners, by Examination upon Oath, that such Person is over-rated in and by such Alicssments or Surcharge; and every Person intending to appeal to the said Commissioners shall, and is hereby required to givoat the least ten Days Notice thereof to the said Surveyor, or to one or more of the AUellors of the Parish or Place wherein such Person is rated, of such Intention to appeal; and such Surveyor or Inspector and AflLflors may then and there attend to justify the said Assessment and Surcharge; and such Surveyor, Inspector, and Aliessor, and Appellant, shall have full and free Liberty to be present during all the Time of.hearing such respective Appeals, and the Determination of the said Commissioners on the fame: And the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered upon every such Appeal, although they shall confirm the Surcharge of such Assessors, or Surveyor or Inspector, upon Application of such Appellant as aforesaid, to remit and strike off the Penalty herein before directed to be paid to such Affeilor, Surveyor, or Inspector, surcharging such Lift, if they shall be of Opinion that there was any Doubt whether the Servant so Uncharged was rateable within the Meaning of this Act, and was wilfully omitted by such Appellant out of such List or Lists, or Declaration as aforesaid*

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, on such Examination on the Hearing of such Appeal, it shall appear to the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, that such Surcharge was faUUy and vexatiously made; then, and in Inch Case, such Surveyor, or Aliessor or Inspector, so fur-ehai^ing, shall forfeit and incur such Penalties and Punishment as in and by the (hid Acts relative to the Dunes on Houses, and Windows or Lights, are directed to be inflicted on Surveyors, orlnfpcftors or AlleJlors, for Neglect of Duty.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Appeals, once heartl and determined by the said Com-nfiluoners of this Act, or any two or more of them, or the major Part of them then present, on the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing, of Appeals, shall be final, except as herein after excepted.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if either the said Surveyor or Inspector, or the Person so

appealing, in that Part of Great Britain cailed England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon Tweed, shall apprehend tn of this

rosy be lawk - r_____7 _ .__________, __v__________

Commissioners for the Execution of this Act to state specially, and lign the Case upon which the CUieflion aroic, together wuh their Determination thereupon x and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of

them

Comnoi/Honcrr not to make an f Abatement in the Charge, &c* unless it shall appear, on Oath, that the Appellant is overrated*

Ten Days Notice to be given of Appeal.

Cojn mi dinners, in certain Cales, may remit the Penalty belorc directed to be paid to the Ak fe/Tor, &c.

Penalty on Surveyors, &c. tup making a faJJe Surcharge.

Determination of Commission* eri to be final j except, &c.

Persons distatiffied may, in England, appeji to <;ne of toe Judges, &c.

640*

ar\4 ill Scotland, to a Judge, See.

[Proviso.]

Monies arising from this Act to be paid into the Exchequer, and entered separate from all others. Application thereof.

Penalties exceeding 20). where to be recovered.

Penalties not exceeding aol. recoverable before two Justicei;

and may be levied by Distress.

640 C. 43. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

them then present, are hereby required to state and sign such Case accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the Justices of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or to one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being; and every such Justice and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Caie so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment which shall have been the Cause of the Appeal shall be altered or confirmed: And if either the said Surveyor or Inspector, or the Person so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Surveyor, or Person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, to state specially, and sign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to state and sign such Case accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the judges of the Court of Session, or of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland; and every such Judge and iaron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal, shall be altered or confirmed.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any such Case so transmitted to any of the said Justices, Judges, or Barons, the Determination of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall iland, with respect to the Payments which shall become due precedent to the Opinion certified by any such Justice, Judge, or Baron, upon such Case.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties granted by this Act, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and all Monies so paid into the said Receipt under this Act, shall be appropriated in Manner following; (that is to say). The annual Sum of fifty-one thousand Pounds, Part of the Duties arising by this Act, mail be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, as is directed by the said recited Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, in respect to the Duties on Male Servants thereby granted; and the Remainder of the Duties granted by this Act, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures).

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty or Forfeiture which shall be incurred under this Abtof a greater Sum than twenty Pounds, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, if the Matter shall arise within England or Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed[\ or in the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, if the Matter shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdom, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform and lue for the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That, in all Cases where the Penalty by this Act imposed doth not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, it shall be recoverable before two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and one Moiety or every such last mentioned Penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the fame; and in case of Nonpayment shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justicesj and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty, and the Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and for Want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the Prison of such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, for such Time, not exceeding six Months, nor less than one Month, as such Justices shall Jhinlc most proper.

---

[Constables, &c. to be aiding in executing this Act.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Constables and Headboroughs, Tithingmen, and other his Majesty's Officers, shall and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the Execution of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts or Warrants as shall be to them directed in that Behalf by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed, or any three or more of therm

[Limitation of Actions.]

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, or Informations, for any Offence against this Act, shall be brought within one Year after the Offence committed, and being brought after the Time so limited, shall be void; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained,

[General Issue.]

such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited,

[Treble Costs.]

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 44, 45. 641

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects.

'WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that the making or effecting Insurances on Ships or Vessels, and on Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects in Blank, and without specifying therein the Name or Names of any Person or Persons for whose Use and Benefit, or on whole Account, such Insurances are made or effected, hath been, in many Respects, mischievous, and productive of great Inconveniencies;' for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[No Policy of Insurance on Ships or Goods to be made without inserting the Names of the Persons interested, &c.]

That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall live or reside in Great Britain, to make, or cause to be made, any Policy or Policies of Assurance upon his, her, or their Interest in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or on any Goods, Merchandizes, Effects, or other Property, without inserting in such Policy or Policies, his, her, or their own Name or Names, as the Person or Persons interested therein, or the Name or Names of the Person or Persons who shall effect the same, as the Agent or Agents of the Person or Persons so really interested therein, or for whose Use or Benefit, or on whose Account, such Policy or Policies is or are so made or underwrote; and that it shall not be lawful, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for any Person or Persons who shall not live or reside in Great Britain, to make, or cause to be made, any Policy or Policies of Assurance upon his, her, or their Interest in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or on any Goods, Merchandizes, Effects, or other Property, without inserting in such Policy or Policies the Name or Names of the Agent or Agents of the Person or Persons so really interested therein, or for whose Use or Benefit, or on whose Account, the same is or are so made or underwrote;

[Policies made contrary, void.]

and that every Policy or Policies of Assurance, made or underwrote contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for reducing the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison, upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience, in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, to the same Periods in each Court; and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers, or others, on account of such Imprisonment.

'WHEREAS by various Acts of Parliament now in force, and made to establish or regulate Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts, particularly in the City of London, the County of Middlesex, the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Tower Hamlets, and within the Town and Borough of Southwark, there is no uniform Time limited for the Duration of the Imprisonment of the Defendant or Debtor, against whom an Execution, Process of Contempt, or Precept in the Nature of an Execution, is issued for Nonpayment of such Debts and Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, as determined by the Order or Orders of such Courts such Debtor or Defendant is ordered or directed to pay, but such Debtors or Defendants are by such Acts of Parliament to be committed to Prison, there to remain for an indefinite Length of Time, until he, she, or they shall perform the Order of the Court or Commissioners in that Behalf, so that it frequently happens that a poor Person who is not of Ability to pay a Debt of or under forty Shillings, is imprisoned for many Months, and sometimes for Years, without a Possibility of being discharged: And whereas it often happens that poor Persons who are committed to Prison by virtue of, and in pursuance of the said Acts of Parliament, for a trifling Debt, are kept in Custody, after they have been enabled to pay and discharge such Debt, for Gaol Fees, notwithstanding it does not appear by the Table of Fees in such Acts of Parliament, that any Gaol Fees whatever are to be taken or paid For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Debtors committed to Prison by Court of Conscience in London, Middlesex, &c. for a Debt of 20s. under, not to confined more than 20 Days, and not exceeding 40s. for more than 40 Days.]

That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Person or Persons whomsoever, being a Debtor or Defendant, and who have been, or shall be committed, to any Gaol or Prison, by Order of any Court, or Commissioners authorised by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, to constitute or regulate any Court or Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts, in the City of London, in the County of Middlesex, and Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, where the Debt does not exceed twenty Shillings, shall be kept or continued in Custody on any Pretence whatsoever, more than twenty Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison; and where the Debt does not amount to, or exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, more than forty Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment as aforesaid; and all Gaolers, Keepers, or Turnkeys, are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

[Such Prisoners to be discharged without paying Gaol Fees.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Time shall expire for which such Person or Persons respectively shall have been committed or sent to any Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons shall immediately be discharged and set at Liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of such Gaol or Prison, or others, by way of Gaol Fees, or Discharge Fees, or otherwise, on any

642 C. 45,46. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Pretence whatsoever;

[Penalty on Gaolers, &c. demanding Fees.]

and every Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey, of any such Gaol or Prison, or others, demanding, taking, or receiving any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so to be committed to his Custody as aforesaid, or keeping or detaining any such Person or Persons Prisoner or Prisoners, after the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be committed as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

[Two Justices may determine Offences against this Act.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any two Justices of the Peace where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act; which said two Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed, to summon the Party accused and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confession of the Party, to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture as in and by this Act is directed,

[Penalties may be levied by Distress,]

and to award and issue out their Warrant under their Hand and Seal for levying the said Penalty of five Pounds so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in four Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any):

[or the Offender committed.]

and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of two Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

[Application of Forfeitures.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act (the necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deduced) shall be divided and distributed, one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence was committed, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

[Complaints of Offences to be made within two Months.]

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to be convicted before any Justices of the Peace for any Offence committed against this Act, unless Complaint or Information shall be made or exhibited against such Person or Persons within two Calendar Months after such Offence committed.

[Process not to issue against both Body and Goods of the same Party.]

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Court of Commissioners to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons, where the Party intitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decree, shall, at the same Time, have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person or Persons.

[Qualification of Commissioners for executing the aforesaid Acts.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the several Acts herein before mentioned, unless such Person shall be a Householder within the District, City, Liberty, or Place, for which he shall act, and shall be possessed of a Real Estate of the annual Value of twenty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of five hundred Pounds:

[Penalty on acting not being qualified.]

And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the said Acts, such Person so acting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full of Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, 6r otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the said Acts; provided such Action or Suit be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed.

[Publick Act.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases.

[24 Geo. 3. c. 56.]

'WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders; and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners tn certain cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas the said Act does not extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; but it is expedient that his Majesty be impowered, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to appoint certain Places, as well out of his Majesty's Dominions as within the same, to which Criminals, when condemned to Transportation in that Part of the Kingdom, may be conveyed; and that other Regulations be made for the more effectual Transportation of such Offenders there:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons convicted of transportable Crimes in Scotland, may be transported,]

That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, when any Person or Persons shall be lawfully convicted, before any Court competent for the Trial of Crimes in Scotland, of any Offence for which the Punishment of Transportation or Banishment beyond Seas may be inflicted, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to order and adjudge, that such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall be transported beyond the Seas, in like Manner as now is in Use; and, in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty,

A.D 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 46. 643

[to such Places as his Majesty, in Council, shall appoint.]

by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to declare and appoint to what Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, either within his Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere out of his Majesty's Dominions, such Offenders shall be conveyed or transported; and such Court is hereby authorised and impowered to adjudge the Services of such Offenders, and to order them to be transferred to the Use of any Person or Persons, and his or their Assigns, who shall contract for the due Performance of such Transportation:

[If his Majesty should extend his Mercy to any Offender capitally convicted, the Court may order him to be Transported.]

---

And when his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be pleased to extend Mercy to any Offender or Offenders, who hath or lave been, or shall be under Sentence of Death, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, upon Condition of Transportation to any Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond Seas, either for Term of Life, or any Number of Years, and such Intention of Mercy shall be signified by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, it shall be lawful for any Court, having proper Authority, to allow such Offender or Offenders the Benefit of a conditional Pardon, and (except in Cases where such Offender or Offenders shall be authorised by his Majesty to transport himself, herself, or themselves) to order the Transfer of such Offender or Offenders to any Person or Persons who shall contract for the due Performance of such Transportation, and his or their Assigns, for such and the same Term of Years for which any such Offender or Offenders shall have hren ordered to be transported, or for such Term of Life or Years as shall be specified in such Condition of Transportation as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or their A Signs, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have a Property in the Services of such Offender or Offenders for such Terms respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons so confracting as aforesaid, to whom any Offender shall be delivered in order to be transported, or any other Person or Persons lawfully authorised, may, in such Manner as they shall think fit, carry and secure the said Offenders in and through any County of Great Britain, towards the Sea Port or Place from whence they are to be transported; and if any Person or Persons shall refeue such Offenders, or any of them, or assist them, or any of them, in making their Escape from such Person or Persons as shall have them in their Custody, as aforesaid, he, she. or they shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Law of England.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offender or Offenders, who shall be so ordered by such Court as aforesaid, to be transported beyond the Seas, or who shall agree to transport himself or herself on certain Conditions, either for Life or any Number of Y'ears, to any such Place or Places,

Part or Parts, as shall be appointed by his Majesty in Manner aforesaid, shall be afterwards at large within any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland', without some lawful Caule, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender or Offenders shall have been ordered to be transported beyond the Seas, or shall have so agreed to transport himself or herself as aforesaid, every such Offender being at large as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Law of England and such Offender or Offenders, being so found at large within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may and shall be tried there before any Court of competent Jurisdiction for the Trial of the original Offence: And whoever shall discover and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders, so being at large as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Reward of twenty Pounds for every such Offender fo convi£fed: Provided nevertheless, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may pardon and dispense with such Transportation, and allow of the Return of any such Offender to the Kingdom of Great Britain.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time, by an Order in Writing, to be notified by one of his Principal Secretaries of State, or for any two or more of the Lords of Judiciary in Scotland, who shall be authorised by his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, to direct the Removal of any Male Offender or Offenders who now is or are, or hereafter shall be under Sentence of Death, but reprieved during his Majesty^ Plea-fare, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who, having been examined by an experienced Surgeon or Apothecary, shall appear to be free from any puttid or infectious Distemper, and fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prison in which such Offender or Offenders shall be confined, to such Place of Confinement within Great Britain, either at Land, or on board any Ship or Vessel in the River Thames, or any navigable or other River, or within the Limits of any Port of Great Britain, as his Majesty, or others legally authorised as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time appoint; and every Offender, who shall be so removed, shall continue in the said Place of Confinement, or be removed to or confined in any other such Place or Places as aforesaid, as his Majesty, or any others duly authorised as aforesaid, from Time to Time shall appoint, until such Offender shall be transported according to Law, or W the Expiration of the Term of inch Transportation, or otherwise, shall be intitled to his Liberty, or until such Offender be returned to the Gaol or Prison from which he shall have been so removed; and the Sheriff, Magistrate, or Gaoler, having the Custody of any Offender, whose Removal shall be ordered in Manner aforesaid, shall, with arl convenient Speed, after the Receipt of the Notification of any such Order, convey, or cause to be conveyed, every such Offender to the Place appointed, and there deliver him, together with a Certificate, containing his Christian Name, Surname, and Age, and also the Offence for Certificate/ which, and the Court in which he was convicted, and the Purport of his or her Sentence, to the Overseer or Overseers of the said Place to which such Offender is so sent, who shall give a proper Receipt, in Writing, to the Sheriff, Magistrate, or Gaoler, for his Exoneration.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fees and Expences attending such Removal, Expences of shall be paid in the same Manner as has been praTifed in Scotland in the Case of Transportation beyond Kcmoval

Oeas. 1 to be paid.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Removal of any Offender under this Owfcer* to Act, the Overseer who shall have the Custody of him shall, during the Term of such Custody, have the (ame" rhom such Pri"

Vot.XIV.PmV. 40

Persons contracting to transport Offenders, may carry them through any County to the Sea-port.

Penalty on refuting them, &c.

If any Person ordered for Transportation, dec. shall be found at large in Great Britain or Ireland, before the Expiration of his Term, he /hill suffer Death. Person* di(covering and pro-fccating such Offender*, in-tilled 10 a Reward of 201.

Hi* Mateffr impowered to order, or (0 authorise two Lord of J officiary to or* der, the Removal of Male Prk-loner* under Sentence of Death, See. from any Gaol in Scotland to any other in Great Britain, die,

Gaoler to deliver Offender* according to such Order*,

644

the same Power# over them w Gaolers, fcc.

Time of Imprisonment to be deemed Part of the Term of Transportation. Overseers may inflict moderate Punishment for Misbehaviour, &c.

If Offenderi cannot conveniently be transported, two Judges may order them to be transported to any other Place ppoint^d, &c.

Cfonder* returning before the Expiration of their Term, tv fuller Deaths

20 I. Reward

for prosecuting such Offenderi.

Limitation of Aflioni.

Continuance of this Act.

*© Geo. sue. to.

C. 46, 47. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Powers over him as are incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaoler, and in like Manner be answerable for any Escape of such Offender: and also, during such Custody, shall feed and clothe such Offender, and shall keep him to Labour at such Places, and under such Directions, Limitations, and Restrictions, as his Majesty, or others duly authorised as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, by any Order to be directed to such Overseer or Overseers for their Instruction, appoint.

VII. And it is hereby declared, That the Time during which any Offender shall have continued in Gaol under Sentence of Transportation, or, being removed under the Provisions aforesaid, shall continue confined by virtue of this Act, shall be taken and reckoned in Discharge, or Part Discharge or Satisfaction of the Term of his Transportation: And if, during such Confinement under this Act, he shall be guilty of any disorderly Conduct, it shall be lawful for the Overseer or Overseers, having the Custody of him, to inflfft, or cause inflict such moderate Punishment or Correction as may be inflicted by Law on Persons committed to a House of Correction; and if any such Offender shall break from, or unlawfully escape from the Custody of such Overseer or Overseers; or if any Person shall refeue, or attempt to refeue, or assist in refeuing, any such Offender from such Custody; or shall convey, or cause to be conveyed, any Disguise, Instrument, or Arms, to such Offender, every such Offence shall be punishable in the same Manner as if such Offender had been confined in a Gaol or Prison, in the Custody of the Sheriff, Magistrate, or Gaoler, for the Crime of which such Offender shall have been convicted.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any Offender, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, hath already been ordered to be transported to any Part beyond the Seas, or if any Order shall at any Time hereafter be made for the Transportation of any such Offender, and such Order cannot be conveniently executed with respect to the Place in such Order mentioned, it shall be lawful for any two or more of the Judges of the Court of Justiciary to order that such Offender shall be transported to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, which shall have been appointed by his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council as aforesaid, for the Transportation of such Offenders, in such and the like Manner, and for the same Term of Years, as such Offender is or shall be liable to be transported to the Place mentioned in the original Sentence or Order for his or her Transportation; and such Order shall be considered as made at the same Time, and shall be as effectual for every Intent and Purpose, and shall have all the same Consequences in every Respect, as the original Order for the Transportation of such Offender; and such Offender shall be transferred, conveyed, and made over, to any Person who will contract for the Performance of such Transportation, and to his or their Assigns, in like Manner as if such Offender had been transported to the Place mentioned in the original Order of Transportation; and such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have a Property in the Service 01 the said Offender, for the Remainder of the Term for which the Offender was originally ordered to be transported; and in case such Offender so ordered for Transportation, shall be afterwards at large within any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender shall have been ordered to be transported, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully con* vifted, shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, and shall be tried before such Judges, and in such Manner, and the same Evidence made use of for his or her Conviction, as shall be directed by the Laws now in being, or hereafter to be made, for the Trial of other Offenders found at large within this Kingdom before the Expiration of the Term for which they were ordered to be transported; and whoever shall discover and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender, so being at large within this Kingdom as aforesaid, shall be intitled to a Reward of twenty Pounds for every such Offender so convicted.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, to be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County and Place where the Fact was committed, and shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the I act committed, and not otherwise.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provisions of this Act, so far as the same extend to authorise the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, shall continue to be in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for transferring the Recent and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned*, and for raising the Sum of one Million, by way of Lottery^ to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties > it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, there shall be raised and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Cala/h with four Wheels, Chafe-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages then were, or thereafter might be called or known, that should be kept by or for any Person for his or her own Vkr or to be let out to Hire (except such Coaches and other Carriages as then were, or thereafter might be licensed

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47. 64.5

by the Commissioners for the Duties arising by Hackney Coaches), the yearly Sum of four Pounds; and for an4 upon every Calash, Chaise, and Chair, with two Wheels, or by what Name soever such Carriages then were, or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses, that should be kept by or for any Person or Persons for his or their own Use, or to be let out to Hire, the yearly Sum of forty Shillings, which laid several Rates and Duties should be paid by the Person or Persons keeping such Carriages; and the said Rates and Duties were put under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectiveUi \ in which Act there was a Clause, exempting publick Stage Coaches from the said Duty of four Pounds: And whereas, by an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties on Coaches, and other Carriages 16 Geo. 3.054, therein mentioned; and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leafs, Bonds, and other Deeds\ and upon Cards, Dice, and Newspapers; and for raising the Sum of two Millions by Annuities, and a Lottery to be at* tended with Annuities \ an additional Duty of twenty Shillings a Year was imposed upon every Four-wheeled Carriage, liable to the Duty of four Pounds by the said Act of the twentieth Year of his late Majesty; which before-mentioned Act of the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty, also imposed the yearly Duty of five Pounds for and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with four Wheels, Chaise-ma-rine, Chaise with four Wheels, and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages then were, or thereafter might be called or known, that should be kept by or for any Person or Persons as publick Stage Coaches (except such Coaches and other Carriages as then were, or thereafter might be licensed by the Commissioners for the Duties arising by Hackney Coaches), to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the same, who were to be under the like Rules, Directions, and Penalties, as Persons keeping Coaches for their own Use, or to let out for Hire, were by the said Act of the twentieth of George the Second: And whereas, by virtue of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain; and of two other Acts, one made in si Gct.i.c 171 the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty, and the other in the twenty-second Year of his present anda* Gw. 3. Majesty, three several additional Duties of five Pounds per Centum became charged upon the Produce and c*

Amount of the said Duties, so laid by the said recited Acts of the twentieth Year of George the Second, and sixteenth Year of his present Majesty: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, there was charged an additional Duty of twenty Shillings a Year for and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with four Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages then were or thereafter might be called or known, that should be kept by or for any Person for his pr her own Use, or to be let out to^ Hire, or that should be kept by or for any Person or Persons as publick Stage Coaches (except such Coaches and other Carriages as then were, or thereafter might be licensed by the Commissioners for the Duties arising by Hackney Coaches); and also for and upon every Calash, Chaise, and Chair with two Wheels, or by what Name soever such Carriages then were or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses, that should be kept by or for any Person or Persons for his, her, or their o.vn Use: And it was further enacted, That the said several additional Duties therein-before granted should be moreover subject to the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum and five Pounds per Centum on the Produce thereof respectively, in the same Manner as the additional Duties of five Pounds per Centum and five Pounds per Centum were granted by the said recited Acts of the nineteenth Year and the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty: And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other *3 Geo. y c. 66, such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, it was enacted, That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, here should be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following,

(that is to say,) That every Person who should keep any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, with three or four Wheels (except such Carriages as then were charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise), should yield and pay annually four Shillings for every such Wag-;on, Wain, or other such Carriage as aforesaid, which mould be expressed in a Licence for that Purpose; and that every Person who should keep any Cart or other Carriage with two Wheels (except such Carriages as were then charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise), should field and pay annually two Shillings for every such Cart or other Carriage, which should be expressed in a Licence for that Purpose; and the said Duties were placed under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners of Stamps: And whereas by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Her ft Geo. 3. c. 31; ufd in draining certain Carriages, in rfpeft whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable, it was enacted,

That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there hould be paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, amongst other Duties, the Duties following i (that is to say,) Every Person who should keep and use any ^orfe, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin,

Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriage was then or thereafter might be called or known, for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, then was payable by any Statute then in force, should yield and pay annually for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, the Sum of ten Shillings; and for levying the said Duty cn florfes it was enacted, That the same should be under the Government, Care, and Management of the ^omtrtilfioners of Stamps, in Manner therein mentioned: in which said Act is contained a Proviso, exempting from the said Duty Cettain Horses therein particularly described: And whereas it is expedient that

646

The Dutiei n CaTritgct granted by the recited Acti If* pealed.

New Dntitf*

fox every Coxb, Landau, or other Four-vrbected

Cvrtege, (?xcept Hackney Coaches) f 1. per Annum:

For every Ca-la(h, Chaise, or Other ICarxl age wi?htwoor three Wheelt.31. 1 os* per Annum. Provisions in the recited AOs which place the Duties under the Management of I Commissioners of Excise and of Stamps, repealed*

scot to remove from Commissioners of Stamps the Licences granted to Horse Dealer*, dee* Licences for keeping Waggons not necessary.

Not to act*e& the Recovery of Arrears or of Forfeitures.

Duties on Carriages, the Du. ties on Waggons, &c. and on Horses, shall be a tie fled, &c. by such Persons, and in like Manner, ss the Duties on Houses and Windows, gr <nted by %o Geo. 2. c. 3 j

20 Geo. 2. c. 42;

at Geo. a. c.ie;

C. 47. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

the said Duties on Carriages, now dr heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of the Excise, granted by the said several and recited Acte* should be repealed be it further enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and* Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That* from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eightyrfive, the said Duties* imposed by the said several and recited Acts, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for and in lieu of the said Duties there shall be charged and paid finto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the respective Duties following* (that is

lofeysJ

For and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with four Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chatfe with, four Wheels, and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called’ or known, that shall be kept by or for any Person for his or her own Use, or to be let out to Hire (except such. Coaches and other Carriages as now are or hereafter may be licensed by the Commissioners fartne Duties on Hackney Coaches), the yearly Sum of seven Pounds

For and upon every Calash, Chaise, or Chair with two or three Wheels* or by what Name soever fed* Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, to be drawn by, one or more Horses, that shall be kepjt determined by or for any Person or Persons for his or their own Use* or to be let out to Hire* the yearly Sum of three rounds and ten Shillings*

III. And whereas it is apprehended* that the said recited Duties on Carriages and Horses may.be more conveniently and eftbStuaiiy collected under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of c Taxes, than under the Management of the said Comnmlioners of Excise and Stamps respectively. ;* be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the several Powers, Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Provisions by the said recited Acts of the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the sixteenth, nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty, or any of them, given, prescribed, and made, for ascertaining, paying, collecting, and securing the said recited Duties on Carriages, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise j and also, that from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-live, the several Powers, Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Provisions, by the said recited Acts of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty, or either of them, given* prescribed, and made, for ascertaining, paying, collecting, and securing the said recited Duties on Waggons, Wains, and other such Carriages not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Coramif-iioners of Excise; and also on Horses kept for the Purpose ot riding, or in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable, or for limiting the Time or Manner of paying the same, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in r$f}>eiSt thereof, shall cease and determine.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to remove from the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps the Licences granted by them to any Person or Persons exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, nor to remove the Management of the Duties charged on the Owners of Horses entered to start or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July onethou-fend seven hundred and eighty-five, so much of the said recited Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, charging Duties upon Waggons, and other Carriages therein mentioned, as requires the said Duties to be expressed in a Licence for keeping such Waggons and Carriages, shall be no longer in force, but from thenceforth the same Duties shall be payable as if they had been granted without requiring the Form of any such Licence.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein before contained shall be construed to affect the Recovery of any Arrears which may, on the said fifth Day of July, or tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, respectively, remain unpaid of any of the said Duties, the Receipt and Management of which are transferred by this Act, or the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture which may have been incurred on or before the same Days.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the Duties hereby imiposed on Carriages, heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and also the said Duties on Waggons, Wains, and other inch Carriages, and on Horses, charged by the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be alidied, raised, levied, collected, and received, by such Persons, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with fucti Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, railing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, in and by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repeal! w the several Rates and Duties upon Hoifes, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Ploufs, Windows, or Lights,; and for raifng the Sum of four millions Jour hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties; and by another Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enforce the Execution of an Act of this Sejfwn of Parliament, for granting to his ALyejty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windoiusj or Lights j and by an Act, made in the twenty-hril Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for explaining^ amending,} and further enforcing the Execution of an Aid passed in the

A.D. 1785. Anno viocfinio quintd Georgii III. c. 47. 647

toft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the federal Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, £ and' Lights; and/or granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses> Windows, or Lights;

Britain called Scotland; and by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his laid late Majesty, intituled,

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions; and upon Houses; 31 Geo. and upon, Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of five millions by Annuities, and a Lottery\ to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and by an Act, made in the feeond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights*, % Geo. 3. c. 8) and by an Act, made in the sixth Year "of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several 6 Geo. 3. c. 3*j‘ Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties -upon ffoufesy IVtri-dows, and Lights; and by another Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled An 29 C«>.3.c,$p* Act for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in theloft Session of Parliament; and for granting to his Majfy other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

as imposes a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and by another Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing. *4 Geo. 3,?. jg*'

the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof; and a so several Duties on inhabited Houses; and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee; and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excif thereon; or in or by any of the said TAfts; and all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in force, contained in the said Acts* relative to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, for assessing, railing, levying, and paying the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for assessing, railing, levying, collecting, and^ paying the said Duties hereby placed under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same are or may be for aileiling, railing, levying, collecting, and charging the Rates and Duties granted by the said Acts on Houses and \Vindows, and on inhabited Houses, so far as the said Powers, Rules, Authorities, and Penalties are applicable thereunto, and not altered by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties, heretofore under the Management of the Com- The trfiufore*' missioners of Stamps, the Management of which is hereby directed to be transferred, shall be paid into his ^ties 10 Majesty's Exchequer for, and applied to, the same Uses and Purposes as were directed by the Acts by which [he forme"Aat#. the same Duties were granted.

IX. And whereas the Duties on Coaches, and other Carriages, granted by the before recited Act of the R«lt»l of the L twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, were charged with the Pay- £[*£[*£!! of c ment of certain Annuities established by the said Act, and afterwards, by an Act of the twenty-fifth Year Duiiet. c of the Reign of his said late Majesty, made a Part of the Sinking Fund; and the Duties granted by the said recited Acts of the sixteenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also the several additional Duties of five Pounds per Centum by the said Act of the nineteenth, and five Pounds per Centum by the said Act of the twenty-first, with five Pounds per Centum, and ten Pounds per Centum,

granted by the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, were re- ipeftively made a Part or Parts of the Funds, granted for Payment of Annuities established by sundry Acts of Parliament, passed in the said sixteenth, nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his laid present Majesty;* be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July Put new* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, out of the Monies which shall arise and be paid into the Receipt D*mc»to of his Majesty's Exchequer of the said yearly Duties of seven Pounds, and of three Pounds ten Shillings, J*ied ,n she 1 on the respective Coaches, and other Carriages, granted by this Act, the Sum of twenty-two thousand two Maoncf* hundred forty-six Pounds, being One fourth Part of the annual Sum of eighty-eight thousand nine hundred tighty-foiu Pounds, shall, quarterly, on the tenth Day of October, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day; of April, and the filth Day of July, in every Year, be carried to the Sinking Fund; the Sum of five thousand four hundred twenty-two Pounds, and five Shillings, being One fourth Patt of the annual Sum of twenty-one thousand six hundred and eighty-nine Pounds, shall, quarterly, on the tenth Day of October,.

&e fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, and fifth Day of July, in every Year, be carried to the Fund for Payment of the Annuities established by the afore-recited Act of the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; the Sum of one thousand three hundred seventy-seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence, being One fourth Part of the Sum of five thousand five hundred and eleven Pounds fourteen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, shall, quarterly, on the tenth Day of October, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of Abril, and the fifth Day of July, in every Year, be carried to the Fund for Payment of the Annuities established by the said recited Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; the Sum of one thousand three hundred hrty-seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and one Penny, being

One fourth Part of the Sum of five thousand four hundred and thirty-one Pounds twelve Shillings and four Pence per Annum, shall, quarterly, on the tenth Day of October, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day 4>WZ, and the fifth Day of July, in every Year, be carried to the Sinking Fund; and the Sum of seven thousand three hundred twenty-lix Pounds eight Shillings and nine Pence, being One fourth of twenty-nine thousand three hundred and five Pounds, and fifteen Shillings per Annum, shall, quarterly, on the tenth Day of October, tha filth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, and the fifth Day, of July, in every

Year,

p*

fin*.--

64.8

How to proceed in case of aDcfi. cicncj of Duties.

Surplus to be tekrved for the Disposition of Par Uiment.

Commissionm of the aforementioned Duties on Houset, Sec, to put this Act in Execution.

Fir (I Meetings Ac*

Commissionert, on Default of meeting on the Day above mentioned, rosy meet afterwards, &c.

Oaths to be taken by Commissioner*.

New Oath.

Penalty on jug before taking the Oaths.

The first Assess-xnent w hen to be made*

C. 47. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Year, be carried to the Fund granted for Payment of the Annuities established by the said recited Act of the twenty-leccmd Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and shall be itfued, paid, and applied, according to the Directions, and for the several Utes and Purposes to which the same Funds are respectively appropriated by the afore-recited Acts; which several annual Sums afore-mentioned, are the proportional Sums that have been applied out of the Duties repealed by this Act, according to a Statement made thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That if, on any of the said Quarter Days, the Produce of the said Duties on Coaches and other Carriages hereby granted shall not be sufficient to answer the above Sums to be carried to the respective Funds as. above directed, such Produce shall be carried to the several Funds aforesaid, in the Order in which the same are herein directed, so far as the said Produce in such Quarter will extend, and the Deficiency shall be supplied out of the Produce of the next, or any future Quarter $ and in case there shall be a Surplus remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Monies arising by the said Duties, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Charges hereby made on the same, such Surplus shall, from Time to Time, be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, levying, collecting, and paying the said recited Duties on Coaches, Carriages, and Horses, the Commissioners authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed for putting in Execution the said Acts relative to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, and inhabited Houses, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, in all and Angular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain j and such Commissioners for the speedy Execution of this Act, shall, in the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, for which they are or shall be appointed Commissioners, meet for the first Time on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for the Purpose of railing, levying, and collecting the Duty on Carriages, now or heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for the Purpose of raising, levying, and collecting the Puties on Waggons, Wains, and other such Carriages, and on Horses: and afterwards shall, in like Manner, meet yearly and every Year, at such Day or Time as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think proper to appoint, on or before the thirtieth Day of April; and shall then divide themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this present Act, for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting the said recited Duties on Carriages and Horses, in such and the same Manner as is prescribed by the said Acts relative to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, and inhabited Houses, or any of them, with respect to the Duties thereby imposed, except so far as any Alteration is made by this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, by any Negligence or Default, there shall not have been a Meeting of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, within or at the Times, or according to the Manner hereby prescribed, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, in the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and Towns, in Great Britain respectively, wherein such Default shall have happened, may and shall meet at any other Time or Times as soon as may be after the Time or Times so prescribed, in order to execute the Powers of this Act, so as that the said recited Duties on Carriages and Horses may be duly and effectually assessed, raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, notwithstanding any such Default or Deleft as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except in administering the Oath of Qualification herein after expressed), until he shall have taken the several Oaths requisite to qualify him for acting as a Commissioner of the several Duties charged on Houses, Windows or Lights, and inhabited Houses, by any of the Acts herein before referred to, and also shall have taken the following Oath; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office of a Commissioner, according to an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, transferring the

Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps respectively% to the Com?ni])io7ters for the Affairs of Taxes; and a Jo for making further Provisions in ref peel to the said Duties so transferred; and will determine, without Favour or Afteftion, upon all Appeals which shall be brought before me, under the said Act, according to the belt of my Skill

and Knowledge*

So help me GOD.

Which Oath any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Place, where the Assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised to administer; and if any Person shall act as a Commissioner of this Act (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken such Oaths as aforesaid, he shall, for every Offence, forfeit one hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the first Assessment under this Act, of the said recited Duties on Carriages, now or heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, shall be made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and of the said recited Duties on Waggons, Wains, and other such Carriages, and on Horses, for Half a Year, from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and afterwards the Affdfinent of the said

e

649

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C47.

said recited Duties on Carriages and Horses shall be made for one Year, from the fifth Day of April in every Year.

XV\ And be it farther enacted, That the said recited Duties on Carriages and Horses, so to be assessed tinder this Act, (haff be paid at the Times, and in the Manner following; (that is to fav), quarterly, on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October in every Year, by equal Portions; the hrft of the said Payments to be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-live, for the Duties on Carriages, now or heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; and on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, for the Duties on Waggons, Warns, and other Inch Carriages, and on Horses.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who, previously to the said fifth Day of July, or tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall have already paid the aforesaid Duties on Carriages and Horses, or any of them, for any Part of the said three Quarters or Half Year, for which the hrft AlVellments under this Act are hereby directed to be made, or their respective Executors or Administrators, shall, after paying the said firit Afllifinents, have a Right to receive back from the Commissioners of Excise, or Commissioners of Stamps, for the Duties now or heretofore under their Management reflectively, or any Officer or Officers appointed by them, out of any Monies which shall have been paid into or be in their Hands, such a Proportion of the Duties so already paid to the said Commissioners of Excise or Stamps respectively, as shall be necessary to prevent a double Payment of the said Duties for the said three Quarters or Half Year on the said first Assessments, or for any Part thereof; for which Purpose the said Commissioners of Excise and Stamps respectively are hereby required to make such Orders, in respect to the Time and Manner of such Repayments, as to them shall appear belt calculated to effectuate the Intention of this Act, and to prevent a double Charge.

XVII. And, for more effectually levying and collecting the said recited Duties on Carriages and Horses under this Act,’ be it further enacted, That if at any Time there shall be a Neglect of Appointment of Afleliors for the said Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights; or if at any Time the Affeilors appointed shall neglect what is required of them by this Act, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, or the Inspector or infp -dtor~, appointed or to be appointed under Authority of the said Acts, relative to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lignts, or on inhabited Houses, or any of them, and they are hereby authorised and required to c > and perform such and the like Services as, by the said Acts, or any of them, are required from such AliefTois.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every tferson, so appointed or to be appointed Assessor as aforesaid, or any Surveyor or Inspector hereby authorised to act as an Alienor, shall, before he presumes to act in the Execution of the said Office or Employment, take (betides the xJathsor Affirmations required to be taken by Assess'ors, by the before-mentioned Acts, relative to the I Juries on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them) an Oath, or, being one of the People called Shakers, make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation, in the following Form:

I A.B. do swear, [or affirm, as the Case may require], That in making the Assessment, which by Authority of an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, I will charge all Persons according to the belt of my Skill and Knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation, any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised and required to administer j and if any Person so appointed or to be appointed, or hereby authorised to act as Alb!for, fluff presume to act in the Execution of the said Office or Employment, before he (h ill have taken the aforesaid Oath or Affirmation, as the Case shall be, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall, in the Precepts to be from Time to Time directed by them to the Inhabitants of the Paruhes or Places, within their respective Districts or Divisions, naming whom they shall think fit to be AlVessors under the said Acts, relative to the said Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them, cause Notice to be inserted, that kch Persons are also appointed Ailcflors of the said recited Duties upon Carriages and Horses.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such Persons to be appointed A lid Hors as aforesaid shall, within fourteen Days after such their Appointment yearly, give or leave Notice in Writing to or for every Person keeping any Carriage or Horse liable to the said recited Duties on Carriages and Horses, or any of them, Within the Limits of the Places for which such Afleliors are to act, at his or her Dwelling-house, to prepare and produce, within the Space of fourteen Days next ensuing tue Day of giving such Notice, one List in Writing of Carriages, liable to the said recited Duties thereon, or any of them, kept by such Person within such Limits; the said Lilt to cieferibe the greatest Numoer of such Carriages which such Person shall have kept at any one Time in the Course of the Year, ending on the fifth Day of April preceding such Notice, <*od to express the Denomination of each Carriage, and its Number of Wheels, distinguishing which are kept for private Use, and which for Hire, and which are used as publick Stage Coaches; and another List in Writing of the Number of Horses liable to the said Duties on Horses, kept and used by him and her within ffich Limits; every such written Lift to contain the greatest Number by nim or her kept and used in the VQurfe of the Year, ending on such preceding hfth Day of April as aforesaid 5 and every such Person shall,

aftcc

Duties to be paid; quarterly.

Clause relate to Persons who have paid the olj< Du ics iq Advance.

If Assessors

glett their Duty*, Surveyors, &c. 4 may perform the same.

Oaths to be taken by Assesson*

New Oath*.

Penalty on acting before taking? the OaOu

Notice to be given in the Precepts of the Appointment of AlIcH'ors.

AsseiTor* to givd Notice in Writ* ing to Person keeping Carriages, &c. to produce Lids of the Number kept by thetn^ within their Diilri&dj &c*>

650

Bov Assessor to proceed, in case Cuch LiHs are not dcliicicd.

Lirti to contain the great eft Number of Car-ri-grs and fiorfei k« pt during »he Time to whivh they relate.

Commissionerff on Application, to grant Relief to Persons *bo hate been assess*-ed in Afferent Places for the fame Carriages or Horse*.

Clause relative to Personi *ho pay for Carriages, &c.in oif-/treat Parities*

In case the Xifli delivered to the AfT IT rs shall be found deficient, they may fur-charge the fame*

Afoflor* to de-

Jivertheir Aflcff-ynents to the Commissioners within three Months after their Appointment.

to sign the famCi and appoint 4Coikitors, &c.

C. 47. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

after such Notice so given or left, make out the salt! Lifts, or one of them, as the Case may require, accordingly, and ligii the same with his or her own Hand, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered to such Afidlbr or Afliflors at any Time after the Expiration of fourteen Days from the said Notice being given, when he or they shall call for the fame; And if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to make out, lign, and deliver such Lifts, or either of them, within the Time before mentioned, then such Assessor or Anchors shall, from the bed Information he or they can obtain, make an Aftelfnent upon such Person, so refilling or neglecting, for or in respect of the Number of Carriages and Horses, liable to the said recited Duties, or any of them, so kept by him or her, distinguishing them in Manner aforesaid; and every such Assessment io made, upon any such Neglect or Refusal, shall be final and conclusive upon the Person thereby charged, who shall not be at Liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such Person shall prove that he or she was not at his or her Dwelling-house at the Time of the Delivery of such Notice, nor between that Day and the Time limited for delivering such Lifts as aforesaid to the Ailcflbr, or unless such Person shall allcdgeand prove such other txcufe for not having delivered his or her Lifts or Lift, as the Commissioners for executing this Act shall, in their Judgement, think reafotubleand diffident.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Lifts, which shall be delivered in Manner herein before mentioned, by Order of the said Commissioners upon the first Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, shall contain the greatest Number of such Carriages and Horses as aforesaid, which the Persons from whom such Lifts aie herein before required, shall respectively have at any Time kept and used, between the fifth Day of 'juy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

XXII. And, to the End that no Person may pay the said recited Duties for the same Carriages or Horses in more Parishes or Districts than one, within the same Year,’ be it further enacted, That it any Person, having been a He fled under this Act in one Parish or District, for his or her Carriages or Horses within the same, shall again aftested in another Parish or District, for or in respect of the same Carriages or Horses, or any of them, in every such Case, the Commissioners for this Act within such latter Parish or District, or the Majority of the said Commissioners present, on any Application for the Purpose, may and are hereby requited to alter any Assessment of such Person so afielfed twice, on Proof given before them that such Person hath paid the said Duties for or in respect of the same Carriages or Hories in another Place, and in what Place specifically, or hath been a lie ft id for the lame; which Proof shall be made, as to the Eadt of Payment, by producing a Receipt ligned by the Collector to whom the same Payment shall have been made, or, in Default thereof, by other reasonable Evidence, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, or the Majority of them before whom such Evidence shall be offered; and the aforesaid Proof, as to the Fadl of the Party having been afleiied elsewhere, shall be made in like Manner, either by producing a Copy or Certificate of the Assessment, ligned by two or more Commissioners of the District fxnr which such Assessment shall have been made, which Copy or Certificate the Clerk then attending the said Commissioners shall deliver gratis to the Party requiring the same, or, in Default of such Copy or Certificate. then such Proof shall be made by other Evidence to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present, or the Majority of them.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be called upon by virtue of this Act to give such Lifts or Lift as aforesaid, shall, when he or she shall give in such Lists of Lift, at the same Time return a List, or make a Declaration signed by him or her, of the Number of such Carriages and Horses as aforesaid respectively he or she shall mean to pay for at every other Place, specifying the particular Parish or Parishes, or District or Distncts, wherein he or she shall mean to pay for such other Carriages and Horses respectively; and the said Aitdfors shall enter the Lift or Declaration last mentioned at the End of their several Assessments, and deliver them to the Surveyor for each Parish or District, in order that he may transmit the Particulars thereof to the Commissioners for managing the Affairs fn Taxes.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Assessors as aforesaid shall hot be bound by such Lifts as shall be delivered to them respectively in pursuance of this Act, but shall be at Liberty, if they shall find, upon due Examination, that any Carriage or Carriages, or Horse or Horses, is or are omitted in such Lifts, to surcharge the same, and make a true A fill fine nr, upon every Person keeping such Carriages or Horses within their respective Districts, of the real Number of Carriages or Horses kept by each such Person, distinguishing every such Carriage and Horse in Manner herein before directed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such AileiTors as aforesaid shall, from Time to Time, make and deliver in Writing their Assessments of the said Duties on Coaches, Carriages, and Horses, within the Limits for which they are respectively to act as aforesaid, unto the said Commissioners for this Act, or any two or more of them, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Time of their being so appointed Assessors; and the said Commissioners, to whom such Assessments shall be so delivered, or any two of them, shall, within the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Receipt of the same respectively^ or as (bon after as conveniently may be, set their Hands to the said respective Assessments, and to such Surcharge or Surcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean Time, either by the same Assessors, or by such Surveyor or Surveyors, Inibector or Inspectors, as herein after is or are mentioned, testifying their Allowance of the fume; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the i erlons named or presented in each of such AffdTments to be Collectors, or any other two such Persons as the said Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, shall think able and responsible for the respective Divisions and Places for which Collectors shall be so presented; and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Assessments, so by the said Commissioners allowed of, unto the respective Persons by them nominated to be Collectors, who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the Duties so assessed, and to give Acquittances for the

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47. 651

Survivors

the before mentioned Al\ rruy the Liflt bcfoie they are finned, and

ers, &c.

Penalty on ne-

glcoing to de-r Lier Lift? and DecUratfan*.

same; for whose paying unto the Receiver General, now or for the Time being, appointed by his Majesty, or by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of tham, in the Manner hereby directed, such Money as they the said Collectors shall be charged with under this Act, the Parish or Place for which they are io' employed shall be answerable.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Surveyor or Inspector, appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of the said several Acts relative to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, shall be, and he is hereby impowered and authorised to insped and examine any List or Lists to be made out and signed by any such Person keeping such Carriages or Horses as aforesaid, or any Assessment or Assessments for any Parish or Place, bcfoie the Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act shall have signed r and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such List or Lists, and Assessment or Afteftinems, if he *mead the*, or they shall see just Cause for so doing; and every Pufon, in whose Custody any such Lifts or AikiVmems shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to produce the fame: And if any such Surveyor or Inspector flull, after any such List or Lists, and Assess- If Surveyors <jtf. ment or Assessments, shall be so respectively made out, signed, and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover, cav«r any Omif. upon his Survey or Examination, that any Person who ought to be charged with the said recited Duties f,!’n9 aftfir ,hc on Carriages and Horses, or any of them, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have the*ut been under-rated, such Surveyor or Inspector shall certify the same in Writing under his Hand, together th^he r*°met* with an Account of every Carriage and Horse omitted, and its proper Description according to the Di- the CommiflicA-redions aforesaid, by way of Surcharge, to any two or more of the said Commissioners for putting i#

Execution this Act, in order to have such Omission or Under-rate rectified in the said Assessment 5 and such Commissioners are thereupon to cause the same to be redified, and the Duties levied accordingly.

XXVII. And whereas some Persons, liable to the said recited Duties on Carriages and Horses, may neglect to deliver such Lifts and Declarations as are herein before required ft be it further enacted, That where any Person liable, under the Directions herein before contained, to deliver such Lifts or Declarations as aforesaid to the AffciTor or Afllflors, shall refuse or neglect, within the Time herein before preferred, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such Lift or Declaration to such Assessor or Assessors, he or she so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXVIII. And, to the End that any Persons keeping any Carriages or Horles liable to the aforesaid Person* to be '

1 Duties, or any of them, may deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Assessor or Assefiors, true Lifts <*oubly rated for and Declarations of their respective Carriages and Horses ft be it further enacted, That in all Cases ^"lages, where any Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector shall make a Surcharge upon any Person for or in respect of L flT.

any Carriage or Horse ortiitted to be inserted in any such Lift or Declaration as aforesaid, such Surcharge One Half of* (had be made after the Rate of double the Duty for every Carriage or Horse so omitted; and the Assessor, which Surcharge Surveyor, or Inf pedor, so making such Surcharge, shall be, and is hereby intitled to, and shall have to be flowed the and receive for his own Use, one Moiety of the Sum charged by every Surcharge which shall be justly made upon any such Lift or Declaration.

XXIX. And whereas Difficulties may sometimes arise in discovering Lodgers or Inmates in any House liable to pay the said recited Duties on Carriages and Ilorfesft be it therefore further enacted.

That the Inhabitant Householder of any House, in which there shall be any Lodger or Inmate keeping any inhalant

Carriage or Hor fcliable to the said Duties, shall, within a Week after a Requisition by Notice in Hourchtlden t*

Writing left at any such House from dr by any Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector of the said Duties on deliver Lists of

Carriages and Horses, deliver to, or leave for such Aflbflbr, a List in Writing of every Lodger or Inmate

in such House who shall, at the Time of delivering or leaving such Lift, keep any Carriage or Horse liable c*,rl*e,«

to the said Duties, or shall have kept any such Carriage or Horse from the tenth Day of October one thou-

fanji seven hundred and eighty four, on the first Assessment under this Act, and from the fifth Day of April\x\

ach preceding Year, on every future Assessment; which Lift shall express the Christian and Surname of containing the *very such Lodger or Inmate, and shall contain an Account of every such Carriage, with such Description 0,.lhe as is herein before required, and of every Horse liable to the said Duty, to the best of the Knowledge and aT,e^, c# Information of such Inhabitant Householder: And if any Inhabitant Householder shall refuse to deliver °n Penalty*( any such Lift, as herein before mentioned, or shall wilfully omit, or misrepresent, any Description which 10 lm ought to be contained therein, he or she so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit ten Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or them- pPrfon| selves respectively over-charged or over-rated by any Assessment, Charge, or Surcharge, to be made by rated rray appeti virtue or in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively, to appeal to the to the Com-(aid Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any two or more missionm* of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals, except where it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her List or Lists, or Declaration in Manner aforesaid, and shall not assign sufficient Cause to the Satisfaction of the

Assessor or Surveyor making the same.

mull uc piuuuieu, uy or on uic r<ui ui w iaj ui x>ui«ucr

Carriages and Horses, within the District or Limits of the Places where such Appeal shall be made,

subjciSt to the said recited Duties, as shall have been kept by him or her, at any Time between the tenth r

Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth Day of July one thousand seven &-Ci kepi t>, him,

hundred and eighty-five, with respect to she Space of Time which shall have elapsed between the said Jvnth Day of Octoberone thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the said fifth Day of Juone chousand seven hundred and eighty-five t or with respect to any future Year, the greatest Number of such Car-VouXIV. J?atV. 4P riages

*6^5 2 C. 47. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

tiagesand Horses which shall have been so kept by him or her within the Year preceding the fifth Day of April in every such Year, with such Description and Explanation, and also such Lift or Declaration as to other Distribts as is herein before required; and all such Appeals shall be heard and determined on the Days to be appointed, and in the Manner directed by the several Acts herein before mentioned, with respect to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners,^ or any of them, shall not, upon the XbaterTcnt'in^ bearing any Appeal, make any Abatement or Defalcation, in the Charge or Surcharge made upon any the Charge, tee. Person by such Assessment as aforesaid, or the Surcharge of any such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid,

Commissioners

vniefs, See.

Ten Days Notice of Appeal.

Commi flB oners, in certaiQ Cafer, may remit the penalty, fltc.

Penalty on Sur-icyori, See,

Detevmmfltion mf Commission' «rs to be-final j except. See.

Persons difla-fisfied may, in

but the same, shall Hand good, and remain Part of the annual Assessment, unless it shall then appear to the said Commissioners, by Examination upon Oath, that such Person is over-rated, in and by such Assessment or Surcharge; and every Person intending to appeal to the said Commissioners shall, and is hereby required to give at the least ten Days Notice thereof to the said Surveyor, or to one or more of the Afieftors of the Parish or Place wherein such Person is rated, of such Intention to appeal, and such Surveyor and Assessors may then and there attend, to justify the said Assessment and Surcharge; and such Surveyor and Assessors, and Appellant, shall have full Power and free Liberty to be present during all the Time of hearing such respective Appeals, and of the said Commissioners determining the fame: And the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered, upon every such Appeal, although they shall confirm the Surcharge of such Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector, upon Application of such Appellant as aforesaid, to remit and strike off the Penalty herein before directed to be paid to such Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector surcharging such Lift, if they shall be of Opinion that there was any Doubt whether the Carriage or Horse so surcharged was rateable within the Meaning of this Act, and was not omitted by fuel) Appellant out of such List or Lists, or Declaration as aforesaid, with any Intention to defraud the Revenue.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, on such Examination on the hearing of such Appeal, it shall appear to the said Commissioners that such Surcharge was falsely and vexatiously made, then, and in such Case, such Surveyor, Assessor, or Inspector so surcharging, shall forfeit and incur such Penalties and Punishments as in and by the said Acts relative to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, are directed to be inflicted on Surveyors, Inspectors, or Assessors, for Neglebi of Duty.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Appeals once heard and determined by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the major Part of them then present, on the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing of Appeals, shall be final (except as herein after excepted).

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if either the said Surveyor or Inspector, or the Person so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon Tweed, shall apprehend

England, appeal the ^termination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this laaJu *c’ c# Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Surveyor or Inspector, or Person respectively, to require the said Commissioners to (late specially, and iign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign such Case accordingly, and cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the Justices of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or to one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being; and every such justice and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment, which shall have been the Cause of the Appeal, shall be altered or confirmed; And if either the said Surveyor, or the Person so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Surveyor or Person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, to state specially and sign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon; which Case the said Commissioners are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the Judges of the Court of Session, or of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland; and every such Judge and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which Opinion lo certified, the Assessment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal, shall be altered or confirmed.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any such Case so transmitted to any of the said Justices, Judges, or Barons, the Determination of the said Commissioners shall (land with respect to the Payments which shall become due precedent to the Opinion certified by any such Justice, Judge, or Baron, upon such Case.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty or Forfeiture which shall be incurred under 101. v»here this Act of a greater Sum than twenty Pounds, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record

at Westminster, if the Matter shall arise within England or Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; or in the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, if the Matter shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdoms; by Atiionof Debt, Bill, Plaint, or.Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform and lue for the same.

ftnalties wcecd-

to be recovered.

or

'll

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47,48. 653

XXXVII. And whereas it frequently happens, that Persons occupying Farms who keep Horses for AJl Horses uiW t the Purposes of Husbandry only, and nevertheless ride one of such Horles to or from Market, or Church, w

or other Place of publick Wonhip, but do not use them for the Purpose of riding on any other Oc- coachelDic.

casion. and Doubts have arisen whether such Horses were subject to the Duty imposed by the before subjectotbe recited Act of the last Session of Parliament ;* be it therefore enacted, That the Assessments which are Duty, to be made under the Authority of this Act, shall be made for all Horses whatsoever belonging to any Per-fen within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall, on any Occasion, be used for the Purpose of riding, or in drawing any Carriage now or hereafter subject to any Excise Duty.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That upon any Appeal to the acting Commissioners in England, or the Occupier*of

[ Commissioners of Supply in Scotland, from the Assessment so made for such Horse, and on Proof, on Oath, Land>in certain

made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Horse, for which any Person occupying a ^cds’t^ pj*-

Farm, not worth more than one hundred and fifty Pounds a Year to be let, shall have been so assessed, has for one Horse/

been only used for the Purpose of riding to and from Market, or Church, or other Place of publick Worship, and to no other Place, or for no other Purpose of riding, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to make an Abatement of the whole Duty from the Charge against the Person to whom such Horse mall belong.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed Penalties not e*.

doth not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, it shall be recoverable before two or more Justices of the ceeding 20l. re-

Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein foe before

Offence shall be committed, on Proof of foe Offence, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or two Justices>

, Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and one Moiety of such last mentioned Penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to foe Informer or Informers prosecuting for the fime; and in case of Nonpayment, shall be levied by Distress and and may be le-Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and v»cd by Distrcfi. the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty, and foe Expences of the Distress and Sale,

shall be rendered to the Owner; and for want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the Prison of such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, for such Time, not exceeding six Months, nor less than one Month, as such Justices shall think most proper.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Constables and Headboroughs, Tithingmen, and other his Constable*, &<*.

Majesty's Officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the to be aiding in*

Execation of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts or Warrants as shall be to them directed in «utin$ this that Behalf by foe respective Commissioners hereby appointed, or any of them.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, or Informations, for any Offence against this Limitation of, Act, shall be brought within one Year after foe Offence committed; and being brought after the Time so Aaion*. limited shall be void: And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be feed, molested, or

Prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, latter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give the Central IOue. Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon foe Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble Coflf,:

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp-duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned ;* and do most humbly bcleech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in fois present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after foe fifth Day Duties to be paid of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, Majesty* throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say, j All Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker in Great Britain, shall annually take out a Licence for that Purpose in Manner herein after prescribed:

Where foe Person using or exercising foe Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker as aforesaid, shall reside Within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, or within the Distance of the Bills of Mortality, or within the Borough of Southwark in foe County of Surrey, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of ten Pounds:

And where foe Person using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker as aforesaid, shall reside in any other Part of Great Britain, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of five Pounds.

Westminster,&c. 101. per Ana, And in My other Part of Great Britain, £ U

654

Duties to be under the Management of Commissioneri of Stamps.

Penalty on Pawnbrokers acting as such without a proper Licence.

Two Commissioners may grant Licences.

Licence! to be renewed annu* aUjr.

Who shall fee deemed Pawnbrokers*

Not to extend to Persons wholend Money at or under 5 per Cent.

Not to keep more than one Shop by virtue of one Licence.

Persons in Partnership need take out only one Licence. Stamps may be altered.

Penalty on counterfeiting

Stamps, See,

Provisions of former A relating to Stamp-duties to be ap-pked in Execu-this

C. 48. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said Duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary; and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said Duties as shall be requisite in that Behalf; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution, with relation to the said Rates and Duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Person whatsoever required by this Act to be licensed, shall, unless he or she be licensed in Manner herein after prescribed, receive or take, by way of Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Goods or Chattels for the Repayment of Money lent thereon in Great Britain, upon Pain to forfeit for every Offence the Sum of fifty rounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences to such Persons who shall apply for the lame, to use or exercise the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker as aforesaid, in any City, Town, or other Place within Great Britain, for the Space of one Year, to commence from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that Day; and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence: And all and every Person and persons who shall take out such Licence for using or exercising the said Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, shall take out another Licence for another Year, ten Days at lead before the Expiration of that Year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or she shall continue to use and jexcrcife the said Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker; and shall in like Manner renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for the Stamps on such Licence, folong as he or she shall continue to use or exercise the Trade or Business of a pawnbroker.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall receive or take, by way of Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Goods or Chattels for the Repayment of Money lent thereon, shall respectively be deemed Pawnbrokers within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall take out a Licence for the same accordingly.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person or Persons who shall lend Money upon Pawn or Pledge at or under the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, without taking any further or greater Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Pawnbroker, or other Person receiving or taking by way of Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, any Goods or Chattels for the Repayment of Money lent thereon, licensed or to be licensed by Authority of this Act, shall, by virtue of one Licence, keep more than one House, Shop, or other Place, for taking in Goods or Chattels to pawn; but for each and every House, Shop, or other Place, which any Person shall keep for the Purposes aforesaid, a separate and distinct Licence shall be taken out and paid for by such Pawnbroker or other Person.

VIII. Provided always, That Persons in Partnership, and carrying on the Trade and Bufine/s of a Pawnbroker in one House, Shop, or Tenement only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence, in any one Year, for the carrying on such Trade or Business.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Stamps as the Commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are, by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, directed to be altered or renewed.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or iMark, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or 11 fed in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or either of them; or shall counterfeit or rciemole the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with a counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeit; or if any Person shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Hens or Successors, of any of the said Duties; then every such Person lb offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Eeion, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Diihibution of Penalties, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, wall1 be in full Force and Effect with relation to the Duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said Rates and Duties hereby impoied, according

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 48, 49. 655

to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and reflectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

All. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons for penalties how tt Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's be revered. Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called England^ the Dominion of Pi'll It'S) or the Town of Benvick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, BiH, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and wherein the Plaintiff, if he or she shall recover any Penalty or Penalties, shall recover the same for his or her own Ule, with Double Costs of Suit.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein before Duties tobepiid granted, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General, for the Time being, imotheEx-of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account cbc8ucr-

of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper aredirested to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the same Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in and entered fe-which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as afore- paratefrom ait said, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or other Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Mon^y, so paid into the said Receipt of Ex- Howto beta-chequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such Other-Charges plied, and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, psifluallingy and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures).

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Defendants Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in may plead the

Surfuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons General Hue, tall or may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, for his, her, or their Defence j and if upon the 1 Vial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or and have Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or T»eble Costs. them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the neediary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have

freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several Rates and Duties upon Licences to be taken out, in Manner herein after mentioned, by every Person carrying on the Trade of a Coachmaker; we do hereby

most Excellent ;7

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after Every Coach the filth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every Coachmaker within the Kingdom maker ,n Great of Great Britain shall yearly take out a Licence in Manner herein after mentioned, and shall pay for the same to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Person who now doth, or at any Time hereafter shall, carry on the Trade of

Coachmaker within Great Britain, shall build, make, construct, or fell any Coach, Chaise, Berlin, -

Landau, Chariot, Culafh with four Wheels, Chaise-marine with four Wheels, or Caravan, or by what tak^-n out such. Name soever such Carnages now are or hereafter may be called or known; or any Calash, Chaiie, and 1-ICCJ5Ce*

Chair, with two Wheels, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, or other Carriage heretofore made subject to any Duty of Excise, until he or she shall have taken out such Licence as above directed, for which Licence he or she Avail, immediately upon taking out thereof,

pay down for the same the said Sum of twenty Shillings: And if any such Licences shall be taken out ______

Whin the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, then such Licences shall be granted under tile irc to lc Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or of such ou(* a,d Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and the Duties for the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or at such other Place, and J to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall appoint; but if such Licences shall be taken out in any Part of England or IVaks not within the said Limits, or in the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, such Licences shall, in such Case, be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collators and Supervifers of Excise within their respective Collections and Distriits, and the Duties shall be

2 paid

Britain to take out a 20 s. Licence annually.

No Coach, &c. to be made, until »heMaker h«:

Where Licences taken Duiief

656

and where in Scotland*

Licences to be renewed annually.

Penalty on making any Coach, &c. without taking out aLicence, and renewing the same yearly.

Perron* in Partnership need not take out more than one Licence for one House, &c.

Executors, Sec, may acte under Licences of deceased Persons.

A Duty of eo s* to be paid for every four-wheeled Carriage made for Sale;

and 10 *. for every two* wheeled one.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commi/Twners of Excilein England and Scotland respectively.

Coachmaker?, every six Weeks, to deliver an Account, on Oarh, of all C31 riages made and fold. At what Place* such Accounts shall be delivered*

G. 49. ' Anno viee&nao qukrta Georgii III. A.D. 1785,

paid for the same to the Collectors of Excise within whose Collection such Licences shall be granted respectively; and if such Licences shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, or of such Perfort or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and the Duties for the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, or at such other Place, and to inch Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall appoint; but if such Licence* shall be taken out in any other Part in $cti~ land, without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Exc.so within their respective Collections and Districts, and the several Duties for the same shall be paid to the Collector of Excise witmn whose Collection such Licences shall be so granted; and such respective Commissioners of Excile, and the Persons so to be appointed by then) respectively, and also alt such Collectors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant aril deliver such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the same, upon their Payment of the Duties herein before mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall take out any such Licence' as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence, ten Days at lead before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after taking out the first Licence, before he, she, or they shall presume to make, build, construct, or fell, any of the Carriages before mentioned; and in the same Manner to renew every such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the like Sum for each and every new or renewed Licence as is by this Act required for the first Licence, in Manner, and at the Places and Times herein before mentioned; and if any such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, presume or offer to make, build, construct, or fell any of the Carriages herein before mentioned, without first taking out such Licence, and renewing the same yearly, in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall reflectively forfeit and lose the Sum often Pounds for each Offence.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Persons in Partnership, and carrying on their Trade and Business in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence in any one Year for carrying on such Trade; and no one Licence, which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorise or impower any Person or Persons, to whom the same shall be granted, to make, build, construct, or fell any of the Carriages herein before mentioned, in any other House or Place than the Houses or Places where he, she, or they did make, build, or construct the said Carriages at the Time of granting such Licence.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any Person so licensed, it shall be lawful for the Executors or Administrators, or for the Wife or Child of such deceased Person, to carry on the said Trade of making, building, constructing, or selling such Carriages as aforesaid, at the same Place where such deceased Person, by virtue of such Licence, carried on such Trade, during the Residue of the Term for which such Licence was granted to such deceased Person, without taking out a new Licence during the Red-due of the said Term.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Coachmaker within the Kingdom of Great Britain shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of twenty Shillings for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calam with four Wheels, Chaile-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known; and the Sum of ten Shillings for every Calalh, Chaise, and Chair with two Wheels, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, which he, she, or they shall make, build, or construct for Sale*

VII. And, for better collecting, railing, levying, and securing the Duties by this Act imposed upon < Licences, and upon Carriages newly built, made, or constructed, as aforesaid/ be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as are charged upon such Licences, and upon Carriages newly built, made, construct-ed, and fold in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in England for the Time being; and such of the said Duties as are charged upon such Licences, and upon Carriages newly built, made, or constructed, and fold in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; who are hereby respectively impowered to appoint proper Officers for charging, collecting, and receiving the same.

Vlil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Coachmaker shall, once in six Weeks, deliver a true Account in Writing of the Number and Kinds of such Carriages as aforesaid, which he or she shall have made, built, or constructed, and fold, within six Weeks, and of the Days on which each Carriage respectively was delivered or sent out of his or her Shop or Warehouse; and such Coachmaker, or his or her Chief Workman or Manager, shall make Oath (or, being a Quaker, Affirmation) to the Truth of such Account, according to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief: And if such Carriage or Carriages shall be made within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excile in London, then such Accounts, Oaths, or Affirmations, shall be delivered to, and administered by such Officer or Officers as the Commissioners of Excile in England shall appoint, at the said Chief Office of Excile in London; and such Coachmaker shall then and there pay and dear oft'all the Duties due for such Carriages as aforesaid; and if such Carriage or Carriages shall be made within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then such Accounts, Oaths, or Affirmations, shall be delivered to, and administered by such Officer or Officers as the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall appoint, at the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh; and such Coachmaker shall then and there pay to such Officer all the Duties due for such Carriages as aforesaid; and if such Carriage or Carriages shall be made at any other Place in Great Britain^ then such Accounts, Oaths, or Affirmations, shall be delivered to,

and

e

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49, 50; 657

and ndministereci by the Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the District within which such Carriage or Carriages shall be made,* and such Coach maker shall then and there pay to such Collector all the Duties due for such Carriages as aforesaid: And in case any Coachmaker shall neglect to deliver in such Account, or to verify the lame upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, or to pay down aii the Duties due for such Carriages as aforesaid; every Coachmaker so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty. Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prosecutions for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for Offences committed against this Act, thail and may be heard, adjudged, and determined, either by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at fVeJi~ minder, or in the Cdtut of Exchequer in Scotland, if such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred there, or

Penalty on Do* full.

Penalties how to be recortred.

Prosecutions within the Limits of the Ex— cife Office in London, to be determined by three Commissioners, See. and in all other Parts of Great Britain, shall be determined by two neighbouring Justices. Panies aggrieved? may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

in such Manner and Form as hereafter is directed; that is to say, All Prosecutions for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for Offences committed against this Act within the Limits or Juri I diction of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall and may be heard, adjudged, and determined, by any three or more of the Commissioners of Fixcise in England, for the Time being; and in case of Appeal from the Judgement of the said Commissioners (and not otherwise), shall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by the Commissioners for Appeals for the Time being, or the major Part of them, whole Judgement thereiq shall be final, and not liable to be removed by Certart into any of the Courts at Westminster \ and all Prosecutions for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for Offences committed withm all or any other the Counties, Cilies, Stewartries, Shires, Towns, or Places, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall and may be heard, adjudged, and determined, by any two or more of the Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed; and if either the Informers or Defendants shall think themselves aggrieved by the Judgement given by such Justices, it shall and may be lawful for every such Informer or Defendant to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place, where the Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred, who are hereby authorised and required to hear, adjudge, and determine the same, and whose Judgement therein shall be final, and not liable to be removed by Certiorari into any of the Courts at Westminster 5, and the said Commissioners for Excile, and Commissioners for Appeals (in case of Appeals), apd all Justices of the Peace aforesaid respectively, are hereby authorised and required, upon Complaint or Information, upon Oath, exhibited and brought before them respectively as aforesaid, of the Commission of any Offence against this Act (which Oath the said Commissioners and Justices of the Peace respectively are hereby authorised to administer), to summon the Party or Parties accused, and upon the Appearance pr Contempt of any Person or Persons so summoned, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Person or Persons so summoned, or by the Oath of one pr more crediole Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath they the said Commissioners and Justices respectively have hereby Power to administer), to give Judgement or Sentence thereupon, and to award and issue out Warrants, under their Hands respectively, for the levying of such Penalties or Forfeitures upon the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, and to cause Sale to be made of such Goods and Chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen Days, rendering to such Person or Persons the Overplus (if any be); and for Want of fufneient Distress, to imprison the Party or Parties offending till Satisfaction be made.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising from the Duties by this Act granted upon Licences, and upon Carriages newly made, built, or constructed, as aforesaid (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted), shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart from all other Duties; and shall be

appropriated and applied to the same TJfes and Purposes as the Duties on Coaches and other Carriages, granted by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, are applicable unto.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Filing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Month* next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be ‘laid-in the proper County 5 and the Defendant or Defendants, -in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Hide, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pais for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then lueh Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. L.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-. jdtuled. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issue d with respect to the kill- 24 Geo. 3. c. 43,.

r I 'L ^ Ail inn «rfr I intf I f D /> A and r Oai tfn J 3

Upon Convtc*-tton of Parties accused, Commissioners, may illueout Warrants of Dif* trefi, &c.

Duties to be paid into th.c Exchequer. Application thereof,

Limitation of Action*.

General Iflut*.

[Treble Costs.]

tn<*

t ,0 rf Game, it was enacted, That, from and after the first Day of ne thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there should be i levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Britain, unto and for the L ie of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following;

658 C. 5o. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

c (that is to say,) That every Person in Great Britain, qualified with respect to Property to kill Game, should, previous to their (hooting at, killing, or destroying any Game, deliver in a Paper or Account in Writing, containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Person, if inE inland, with the Clerk of the Peace of the County; and, if in Scotland, with the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of the County where such Person should reside, and annually take out a Certificate thereof; that upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate itlued'to any Inch Person should be ingrossed, written, or printed, there should be charged a Stamp-duty of two Pounds two Shillings: That every Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper, granted to any Person by any Lord or Lady of a Manor in England, should be registered with the Clerk of the Peace of the County *, and every such Deputation, by any Proprietor of Land in Scotland, should be registered in the Sheriff or Stewart Court Books of the County in which the said Manor or Lands should be, and the Gamekeeper so appointed should annually take out a Certificate thereof; that upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate, issued to any Person under any Deputation or Appointment of Gamekeeper, should be ingrossed, written, or printed, there should be charged a Stamp-duty of ten Shillings and six Pence: And whereas the Payment of the said Rates and Duties has been greatiy evaded; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, dunking it will be for the Advantage of the Publick to repeal the present Rates and Duties, and to grant unto your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, to be applied to the Uses and Purposes unto which the said Rates and Duties granted by the above mentioned Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are now applicable; do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and ttpcaled. by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the Rates and Duties granted by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for grant! g to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates fined u ith respect to the killing of Game, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Duties shall be

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of July one paid to his Ma- thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the jesty, m. Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; (that is to say,)

No Person to deft roy Game, until be has delivered an Account of hit Name, See. and taken out a Certificate ,* for which he shall pay annually a Stamp-duty of a I is* Deputation* of Game-keepers to be registered, &c.

a Cert 16cate whereof shall be taken out annu ally, charged with a 10 a. 6 d.

That every Person in Great Britain, tvho shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or Destruction of Game (not acting as a Gamekeeper under or by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment duly registered), shall previously deliver in a Paper or Account in Writing, containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Person, to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or to the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place where such Person shall reside, and annually take out a Certificate thereof:

That upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to any such Person shall be ingroiled, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Scamp-duty of two Pounds two Shillings:

That every Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper, granted to any Person by any Lord or Lady of a Manor in England, or the Dominion of Wales, shall be registered with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place; and every such Deputation or Appointment, by any Proprietor of Land in Scotland, shall be registered with the Sheriff' or Stewart Clerk of the County, Stewartry, or Place in which the said Manor or Lands respectively lie, and the Gamekeeper so appointed shall annually take out a Certificate thereof:

That upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to any Person under any Deputation or Appointment of Gamekeeper, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of ten Shillings and six Pence.

Sump.

The Duty to be nder the Management of the Commissionersol Stamp-duties.

f. very Per fan shall be ant.ually jut.tied to a Certificate

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levying* collecting, and paying the said Duty herein before granted, the lame shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as shall be necessary, and to cause such new Stamps to be provided to denote the said Duty as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to repair, renew, and Jter the same from Time to Time as there mail be Occasion, and do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with celadon to the said Duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning staniped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every Person delivering into the Office of the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for the County, Riding, or Place, or if in Scotland, into the Office of the Sheriff* or Stewart Clerk of the County, Shire, Stewartry, or Place where he shall reside, a Paper or Account in Writing, containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Person; and every Gamekeeper, to whom any such Deputation or Appointment shall be granted as aforesaid, registering the Cune in Manner aforesaid, and reflectively

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 659

lively requiring a Certificate thereon, shall be annually intitled thereunto; and such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, and such Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, shall thereupon issue a Certificate, (temped as herein before is directed, to the Effetft or Form following $ that is to say,

I A.B. Clerk of the Peace for the County of C. [or, as the Case may happen to he]. Deputy Clerk of the Form efOertt.

A Peace; or, if in Scotland, I A\ B. Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of the County of C. do hereby declare, That *cate#

E. F. hath this Day delivered into my Office a Paper, Writing or Account, containing his Name and Place of Abode [or, as the Case may happen to be], hath this Day registered a Deputation, whereby he is appointed a Gamekeeper by for the Manor or Lands of which I do

hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with rfpsft to the killing of Game and for granting other Duties in iicii thereof.y

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or the said Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, after he shall have signed such Certificate, shall forthwith issue the same, (Vamped as herein before is directed, to the Person or Persons respectively requiring the same in Manner aforesaid: and shall, previous to the Delivery thereof, be intitled to demana and receive of and from such Person the Sum of one Shilling for his own T rouble in that Behalf: And in case any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or.any Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, shall neglect or refuse to issue to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, so delivering in such Paper or Account in Writing, or registering such Deputation as aforesaid, a Certificate properly marked and stamped as herein before is directed, every such Clerk of the Peace, or Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, and moreover be liable to pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duty payable on such Certificate.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Certificate issued by the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, pursuant to this Act, shall bear Date on the Day of the Month on which the same shall be issued, and shall endure and remain in force from thence until the first Day of July next following the Date thereof, and no longer; and if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, shall issue any Certificate to any Person otherwise than above directed, he mall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds,

trary^to this Act, shall forfeit

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates which shall have issued on or after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, in pursuance of the said herein before recited Act, shall endure and remain in full Force for and during the Time for "which the same were granted, and until the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if any Person or Persons shall use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or De-struction of any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, or Growle, commonly called Red Game, or any other Game whatsoever, without having obtained such Certificate, in such Manner as herein before is directed, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if any Perfoq to whom any Deputation or Appointment of a Game-keeper shall have been, or at any Time thereafter shall be, granted by any Lord or Lady of a Manor in England, or the Dominion of (Vales, or by any Proprietor of Land in Scotland, shall, for the Space of twenty Days next after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or for the Space of twenty Days next after such Deputation or Appointment shall thereafter be first granted, neglect

refuse to register the same, and take out a Certificate thereon, in the Manner herein before directed, every such Person, not having obtained some Certificate as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained

shall make it necessary for any of the Royal Family to take out any such Certificate as aforesaid, or shall reltiain any Person or Persons appointed or deputed by them, or any of them, from the ufmgany Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or Destruction of Game within the Forcfts, Chaccs, Parks, Warrens, or 0t vt to them respectively belonging or appertaining.

-XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the Peace, or their Depu-or the Sheriff or Stewart Clerks in their respective Counties, Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, or Places, shall, on or before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or (boner, if thereunto required by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp-duties, transmit to the Head Office of Stamps In London, a corrcbt Lift, in alphabetical Order, of the Certificates by them issued between the twenty-pith Day of March in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the first Day of October, Y fame Year and shall also, in every subsequent Year, on or before the first Day of Aiigvjl, in each such Yearj whenever they shall be thereunto required by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp-duties, make and transmit to the Head Office of Stamps in London^ correct Lilts, in alphabetical Order, of the Cer-Vot. XIV. Part V. Q. tiheates

Clerk tf the

PfiCC, &C tt sign and deliver Certificate!.

Defaulters her* in shall forfeit 10 I. for each Offence.

Certificate! when to be dated and issued.

Clerk of the Peace, dec. who shall issue any Certificate con-201,

Certificates issued after Feb. 28, 1785, to continue in force until July 1, 1786.

Every Person who, after July

1, 1785* Ml

(hoot at, or kill, any-Game, without a Certificate, shall forfeit 10 I,

Penalty on Gamekeepers neglecting to r* gifter, lee.

Not to ettend to the Royal Family, 5cc.

Clerks of the Pe<*cc, Ac, tf transmit an* anally to the Sramp-rfEce correff Lists of Certificate! granted by them;

666

<*nPe»any of sot*

Lifts to be kept at the Office, nd may be In* felled.

Lifts to be infest* cdUNtwfpapert.

Tn cast of any new Apfwonf-xnent of aGacne-keeper, &c. the former Certificate to be void.

Ci 50. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

tificates lo issued by them, distinguishing the Duties paid on each respective Certificate so issued; and on the Delivery thereof, the Receiver General of the Stamp-duties shall pay to every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or to every such Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, for the making out and writing any such Lift, after the Rate of one Halfpenny for the Name of every such Person to whom such Certificate Dull have been issued, and which shall be inserted in such Lift 5 and in case any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or any Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, shall neglect or re fife to make out such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall not insert in such Lift a full, true, and perfect Account, as herein before directed, of all the Persons the same ought to contain, then, and in every such Case, every such Clerk of the Peace, or hrs Deputy, and Sheriff or Stewart Cleric, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said several Lifts, upon such Trans-million thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at the said Head Office of Stamps in, and shall and may, within the Office Hours, be resorted to and inspected by any Person whati'oever, on Payment of one Shilling, and no more.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Sump-duties shall, once or oftener in every Year, as soon as conveniently may be after the said Lifts shall have been so transmitted to them as aforesaid, cause the same to be inserted in the Newspapers circulating in each respective County, or in sech publick Newspaper as to them shall Item most proper.

XIV. And whereas Deputations or Appointments of Gamekeepers, granted as before, may be revoked,’ be it therefore enacted, That if any Lord or Lady of a Manor in England or, or Proprietor of Land in Scotland, shall make any new Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper for any Manor or Lands is the Room of the Person already appointed, and to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid hath been issued, and shall register such new Deputation or Appointment with the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, in which the Manor or Lands shall be situate, and shall obtain a new Certificate thereon, the first Certificate granted (halt be, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void; and the Person acting under the same, after Notice to him given of such new and other Certificate, shall be liable to the Penalties prescribed by this Act, in the same Manner as if no Certificate had been granted to such Person.

XV. And, in order to prevent the evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted, and to facilitate the Detedion of Offenders against this Act, by compelling the Production of the said Certificates to Per-

Any Person i» fens authorised to demand Inipedion of the same:’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority -aforesaid, That n^fofe ifanY Person or Persons shall be found using any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or De-

,"h® strudion of Game, by any other Pert'on who hath obtained a Certificate in the Manner herein before directed, it shall and may be lawful for such other Person, producing such Certificate, to demand and requite from the Person so using such Dog, Gun, Net. or other Engine as aforesaid, to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose as herein Defore is directed; and every such Person shall, upon such Demand and Requisition as aforesaid, produce such Certificate to the Person so demanding the same, and permit the same to be inspected accordingly; and if any such Person shall wilfully refuse to produce and shew p. a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, or, not having produced and shewn fact) Certificate, shall refiifc,

Abo*, fcc. on Demand thereof, to give in his Christian and Surname, and the Place of his Residence, or shall give in

LII forfeit jo I. any false or fictitious Name or Place of Residence, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Certificate hereby directed to be issued by the Clerks of the Peace, ortneir Deputies, in the respective Counties, Ridings, or Places in Eng-

..»m* land, or by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerks of the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, or Places in Scotland, shall

Timt jVriii'bued not authorise or enable any Person to use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, or other

b; Uw, &c. Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine for the taking or Destruction of Game, at any Time or Times,

or in any Manner prohibited by any Law now in being; nor (hill give to any Person any Right to use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer^ Setting Dog, Spaniel, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine for the taking or Destruction of Game, unless such Person shall be duly qualified so to do, under and by virtue of the Laws now in being made for the Preservation of the Game, but shall be liable to the same Penalties in all or any of foe said Laws contained, as if this Act had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Certificate, obtained under any Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Case whatsoever, where the Person having such Certificate shall have used or shall use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Set-

w - ting Dog, Spaniel, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine for the taking or Destruction of Giroe cut ot tte Game, out of or beyond the PrecinCb or Limits of the Manor or Lands for or in rdpea of which such Deputation or Appointment was given and made.

XVIII. And whereas there are several Cities and Towns that are Counties of themselves, and have no

Clerks of the Peace to ifiuc the Certificates herein before directed;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person residing in such Cities and Towns that are Counties, shall and msy deliver in the Paper or Account in Writing, herein before directed, to the Office of the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, of any County? Riding, or Place adjoining to such City or Town, who is hereby directed and required to issue his Certificate to the Person applying for the lame, as is herein before directed, in the same Manner as if the Person so requiring such Certificate resided in the County of such Clerk of the Peace; nd upon NegkCt or Refusal to issue such Certificate as aforesaid, such Clerk of tfic Peace shall be liable to me same Penalties as if he had refused or neglected to issue such Certificate to any Person applying for the same, resident in the County of such Clerk of the Peace.

to produce kit C Ttificate tiken retimed by any au b( rifed Pet-Jba To to do,

or to tell hit

Certificates not to authorise any Person to kill Game at any

Certifteitft obtained nodes Deputations not to be |wn in E*i 4ence for k;,ing

Manor, &c.

CHufi rebtWeto those Countie* that haie no Clerks of lb* Peace*

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50.

XIX. And be it farther ena&ttTby the Authority afbm&id, That tf any Person Qiall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp* or Mark, directed or allowed to fre used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall Counterfeit or resemble the Im-

Seihonof the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said uties, or shall utter. Vend, or felL, any Vellum, Purchiuent, or Paper, with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Marker Stamp to be counterfeit; or if any Person shall fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be uied by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties -y every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall lather Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benent of Clergy.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforeGud, That all Powers, Proyifwns* Articles, Clauses, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament-relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be ia full Force and Effect with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raiding, levying, collecting, and securing the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the &me had Teveraily and respectively been hereby enabled with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties, imposed

§6r

Persons counfrr-feitine Stamp* to fuifcr Death as FeJom.

on

any Person or i'ersons for Ounces committed against this Act, may be filed for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called

the Dominion of I Vais, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wheeein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager -of Law, or more than one imparlance, Iliad be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff, if he or she shall recover any Penalty or Penalties, shall recover the lame for his or her own Use, with Coils of Suit.

XXII. Provided always, That, from and after the said first Day of July one thouseod seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Cotytly, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein any Offence or Offences against (his Act shall be committed; and such jumetor Justices is and are hereby required, upon Information or Complaint to hinvor them made, tofutnenon the Party or Parties accused, and jjfo foe Witnesses on either Side, to appear before him or them; and upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in Default of his, her, or their Appearance according to such Summons, to proceed to hear and determine the Matter in a fumtriary Way, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Ceasession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by this A £1 is directed; and to award and issue out his Warrants under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any, and where sufficient Goods of such Offender cannot be found to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of six Months, unless such Penalty fhsdl be (boner paid and satisfied;, ®nd if such Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Juffiee,

‘Pena

Pro v I Cons of former AUc Relating to Stamp-duties, to be in force in eie-cuticgtliu A At

Penalfiei how to be recovered and applied.

appeal to the Justices.

Place, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and

Jeter mine the lame; and in case the Judgement of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such ustices to award the Person or Persons to pay Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to themselves shall seem meet.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any of he Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Profecytor, or of the Person or Persons accused,4nd mail neglect or refute to appear, at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by inch Means as is herein *fore directed as to other Penalties.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made oqt in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis;

that is to say:

R®' remembered. That on the ~ at in the County of

Day of

in the Year of our Lord

Any JufiSce©f

the County, in til Qfleocca against this Act where the Penalty doch not exceed 201*

W4j fa an man tve Partita before him, and deier-mtoe in a summary Wiy. Penaltiet may bft levied by DistteCi#

nr the Offender

cooDuniUed.

Persons afgrler-cd may appeal io the Quarter Scf* fionst upon giving proper Security.

Persons fom-moned as Wit* neflef, and not n^fearini, to forfeit toU

How Justices to proceed for Con* vi&ioQ of Of* feoderc

Form of CA* fiction-

662

Justices may mi* tigite Penalties.

No Offender against this Act to be imprisoned more than three Months.

Duties to be p)id to the Re* ceiver General of the Stamp-i Uriel, and by him paid into the Exchequer.

Auditor to pro* ▼ide a Book for entering the Duties frpirate from all others.

Application

thereof.

Defendants may plead the General Issue,

[Treble Costs.]

and recover

*c Geo. 3. c. 51

C. 50, 51; Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

thereby and therewith take, kill, and destroy, a Hare, or other Game (as the Case may be), [here Jet forth the Fa ft for which the Information was laidJ, without having the Certificate required by Law for that 1 Purpose; whereupon the said E.F. after being duly summoned to answer the Laid Charge, appeared before 4 me, and having neard the Charge contained in the said Information, declared be was not guilty of the said Offence; (or, as the Case may happen to he), did not appear before me pursuant to the said Summons, (or 4 did neglect and refuse to make any Defence against the said Charge, but the lame being fully proved upon the Oath of G. II. a credible Witness, (or, as the Cajc may happen to be), acknowledged and voluntarily confefied the same to be true; and it manifellly appearing to me that he the said E.F. is guilty of the said Offence charged upon him in the said Information; I do therefore hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he, the said E.F. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful

Money of Great Britain, for the Offences aforesaid, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided,

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, where be or they shall ice Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he or they shall think fit, reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers; as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigated Penalty, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to leis than a Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such Conviction shall be removeable by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any Person or Persons whatsoever to a longer Imprisonment than three Calendar Months, for Nonpayment of any Fine or Penalty to be imposed under the Authority of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separatq and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deduded) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the same Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever j and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raiftnga certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any, Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdicthall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LI.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, find on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof-, and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by ail Persons letting Horses to Hire, for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses let to Hire for the Purposes of travelling Post, and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof); it was enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; (that is to say,) That every Postmatfor, Innkeeper, or other Person in Great Britain, who should let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or being a Person usually letting Horses to Hire, should let to Hire for a Day, or any less Period of Time, any Horse for drawing any Coach or other Carriage, uled in travelling Post or otherwise, for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite for the

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 6 6$

Time being, then was made payable by any Statute then in force, should yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose; that for and in respect of every Horse hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling Post in Great Britain, there should be charged a Duty of one Penny for every Mile such Horse should be hired to travel Post; and that for and in respect of every Horse hired for a Day, or any less Period of Time for drawing on a Post or other publick Road, any Coach or other Carriage, used in travelling Post, or otherwise, in respect whereof any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excile for the Time being, then was made payable by any Statute then in force, there should be charged, if the Distance should be then ascertained.

the Sum ot one Penny per Mile \ and if the Distance should not then be ascertained, there should be charged the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence for and in respect of each Horse so hired; such Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons by whom such Horse should be so hired: That every Person who should keep any Coach or other Carriage, by what Name soever the same then was called, to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in the Kingdom of Great Britain, should yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

the Sum of five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose; and that every Coach or other Carriage, by what c Name soever called or known, to be employed as publick Stage Coaches, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in the Kingdom of Great Britain, should be, and the same were thereby charged with a Duty of one Halfpenny for every Mile such Carriage should travel, to be paid t by the Owner or Owners thereof respectively: And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon 13 Geo. ^. c. 63, Stage Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned), it was enacted, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, through-out the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon every Coach or other Machine, to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpose of c conveying Passengers for Hire to and from one Place to another in the Kingdom of Great Britain, an act-g optional Duty of one Halfpenny for every Mile such Carriages should travel, to be paid by the Owners c, And where, is the Payment of the said Rates and Duties have been greatly evaded; we, your Majesty's most dutFul and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do c therefore think that it will be for the Advantage of the Publick to repeal the present Rates and Duties, c to grant unto your Majesty other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and also additional Duties on vi° S *° ^‘re for Purpose of travelling Post, and by Time; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand Rates granted by seven hundred and eighty-five, the Rales and Duties granted by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the 10 Geo. 3.0,51. i °J his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken

out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire, for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on a" Horses let to Hire for the Purposes of travelling Post, and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned \ and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof); and also the additional Rate and Duty granted an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act and 13 Geo. 3. ftvlfran*:2& to Majesty an adlltional Duty upon Stage Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned), c* loall cease, determine, and be no longer paid and pavaHe; except only such Monies as shall have been repealed, received, or shall be payable by the several i oltmasters, innkeepers, and other Persons, for and on Account °* the &id Rates and Duties, at any Time on or before the said first Day of August, and which be un-fem°Unte^ ^or ant^ by them to the several Collectors appointed by virtue of the Acts to receive the

r.0Vl^cc^ always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the several Bonds, given in pursuance Bonds given in kid Acts, or either of them, fluli continuearid be of full Force and Effect, with rdpeft to all Duties Purfu*nc« of th*

112 and owing by virtue of the said recited Acts, and also with respect to the several Duties by this Act fa,d granted, and ft! Matters and Things therein contained.

£ ‘ ]I n ls hereby further enacted and declared, That the several Licences granted in pursuance of the aruJ Licence*

nd Acts, shall continue in full Force a id Effect, for and during the Periods for which the same have been re- *ranled' to Pcxtively granted; and that the several Appointments made by the Commissioners of Stamps to the several

erions apooiuced Collectors of the said Duties, shall remain and continue in full Force, until revoked determined by °rcC* the fest Commissioners.

o ^ !t ^urt^er enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Aug if} New Dutiti,

ne thousand seven hundred and eighty-hve, there shall he raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the ingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates na Duties following; (that is to lay,)

That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person in Great Britain, who shall let to Hire any Horse for Post. t ej\.urP°^ °l travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or being a Person usually letting Horses

Wire, shall set to 111,e for a Lay, or any Ids Period of Time, any Horse for drawing any Coach or other ,et J*orfci

be^H^ ulcci travelling Poll, or otherwise, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are or hereafter may t4veUing PoA mem k or lcr,0vVr*>/ur or respect whereof any Rates or Duties, now or heretofore under the Manage- fora*annual

JU ot u e Commissioners of Excise, are or have been made payable by any Statute or Statutes now in Licence, 51.1

force,

664

E\ery Person hiri n’ Hoilri 10 travel Poll, to pay, for each H rfe I d. Half, penny per Mile;

or 11* 9 d. per Pay, where the Dilhnce shall not be ascertained

Every Person keeping a four-wheeled Carnage for Hire, Ice shall pay an* nually 5 s. for a Licence; and shall also pay 1 d. for every Mile such Carriage dull travel.

Duties under the Management of the Commission-trs for Stamp-duties.

Penalty on Per-f ns letttog out Horse* to traetl Pofty &c. without a Licence.

Any two Commissioner« of the Stamp-duties, or Person autho. fifed by them, may gTartt Li-cenc't for letting out Hones to Hire#

ffo Person to keep more than «v e Inn# &c. for letting Horse#, by virtue of one Licence, on Penalty of *oL

C.$T. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

iorce, shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of five Shillings for

a Licence for that Purpose:

That for and in respect of every Horse hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling Port in Great Britain, there shall be charged a Duty of one Penny Halfpenny lor every Mile such Horle shall be hired to travel Poll:

And that for and in respect of every Horse hired for a Day, or any less Period of Time for drawing on any publick Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Poll, or otherwise, by whatsoever Nam: such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, for or in respect whereof any Rates or Duties, now or heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are or have been made payable by any Statute or Statutes now in force, there shall be charged, if the Didance shall be then ascertained, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny per Mile; and if the Distance shall not then be ascertained. there shall be charged the Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence for and in respect of each Horse so hired; such Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons by whom such Horle shall be so hired:

Thar every Person who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Cala/h, Cliaife-marine, Chaise, Diligence, or other Carriage with four Wheels, or any Cala(b, Chaise, Chair, or other Carriage with two Wheels, by what Name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as publick Stage Coaches or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from diderent Places in the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose:

And that every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise-marine, Chaise, Diligence, or other Carriage with (bur Wheels, or any Calash, Chaise, Chair, or other Carriage with two Wheels, by what Name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as publick Stage Coaches or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire, to and from different Places in the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and the same is hereby charged with a Duty of one Penny for every Mile such Carriage or Carries as aforesaid shall travel, to be paid by the Owner or Owners thereof respectively.

V. And, for the better and more effectual railing, levying, collecting, and payir^j the said Rates and Duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such Marks or Stamps as they shall think fit; and to repair* renew, or alter the same from Time to Time as these Audi be Occasion; and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things necessary to be done for putting this Act. in Exe* cution, with relation to the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as fuJ] and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any of the Laws now in being concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Person whatsoever, required by this Act to be licensed, shall, unless he or she be authorised and enabled, in the Manner herein after prescribed, let out any Horse for Hire, either by the Mile or Stage, or to draw any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with four Wheels, or any Cala/h, Chaise, or Chair with two Wheels, or any other Carriage used in travelling Post, or other wise, by whatsoever Names such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known (upon which any Rates or Duties now or heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are or have been reserved or made py-ablcj, fora Day, or less Period of Time, upon Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of tea Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners, appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, mall grant Licences to such Persons who shall apply for the same, to let out Horses for Hire, in the Manner aforesaid, in any City, Town, or other Place within Great Britain, for the Space of one Year, to commence from the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that Day; and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said first Day of Auvujl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence; and all and every Person or Persons who shall take out such Licence for letting out Horses for Hire, in Manner aforesaid, shall take out a fresh Licence for another Year, ten Days at least before the Expiration of that Year for which he, she, or they shall be so licensed, if he, she, or they shall continue to let out Horses for Hire in Manner aforesaid; and shall, in like Manner, renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respoflive Sums due for such Licences, as long as he, she, or they shall continue to let out Horses for Hire in Marnier aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person whatsoever, licensed of to be licensed by Authority of this Act, shall, by virtue of one Licence, keep more than one Inn, House, or other Place lor letting Horses for the Purposes aforesaid: but for each and every Inn, House, or ocher Place, which any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, mall keep for the Purposes aforesaid, a fepasa* and distin& Licence shall be taken out and paid for by such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person $ "P*

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 665

Pain to forfeit, for every Inn, House, or other Place, so kept by him. Her, or diem, not licensed as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein is dire^ed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed to let £i«nfed Inn. Horses as herein before mentioned, shall cause the Words (Licensed. to let Pojf Horses) to be painted or written ^3*"’ to in legible Characters, either on a Sign hung out, or in feme visible Place in the Front of his, her, or their

Home, Stables, or Out-offices, at the respective Places at which he, she, or they let out Horses to Hire as painted on the aforesaid, to denote that such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, is a Letter or Furnisher of Horses, Fro/rs of their and authorised to fomtfh Travellers with the same, pursuant to Law: And if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, &c*

or other Person so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to let out Horses for Hire, as herein before mentioned,

without fixing or hanging out such Token as aforesaid, every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so r ,rc*

offending fluTl, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and distri- on Penalty of 5!* buted as herein after is directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person so licensed as aforesaid, shall, if he, she, or they furnish

his, her, or their own Chaises, or other Carriages, at the same Time with such Horses let to Hire to travel cJriagei to Post as aforesaid, mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, on the outside Pannel of each Door of travel post, shall the Chaise, or other Carriage so furnished, his, her, or their Christian and Surname, and the Name of the affix their City, Town, or Place, of his, her, or their Abode, in large and legible Characters, in Letters of a Colour Garnet, distinct from the Colour of the Carriage, each Letter atleaft one Inch in Length, and continue the same *cc thereupon, as long as such Chaise or Carriage shall be so used; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or conspicuous p!Ut omit to mark or paint the same, as herein before is directed, or shall mark or painty or cause to be marked or thereof;

Sainted, any false or fi£littoiis Name, or Place of Abode, on such Chaise or other Carriage, he, she, or they ©n Penalty of 5U lall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

XI. And be it forth erana&ed. That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed as afore- l»nkeepen, said, if he, she, or they furnish his, her, or their own Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes, whofurniihCar. Chaises, or other Carriages with four Wheels, or any Calash, Chaise, Chair, or other Carriage aforesaid with two Wheels, at the same Time with such Horses let to Hire for a Day, or left Period of Time, far perio<i of Tire, drawing on any publick Road, where such Carriages shall have a Box, or other outside Seat for the Driver ftaii affix, upon thereof, shall affix upon Tome conspicuous Part of foe Footboard, or other Part of such Box or Seat, a fomtconfpicuog* Brass or Tin Plate, on which there shall be marked or engraved the Christian and Surname of every such Part>.*. Owner or Owners, and the Name of the City, Town, and Place, of his, her^ or their Abode, in large and N^m^'and W legible Characters, and continue the same thereon, and replace foe fame as often as Occasion mall require, pim, of AM*, during the Time such Coach, or other Carriage as aforesaid, shall be so used; and where such Carriages so farnished as aforesaid shall not have a Box or other outside Seat for the Driver thereof, Hull affix upon a conspicuous Part of the Pole, Shaft, or Splinter-bar of every such Carriage as aforesaid, a Brass or Tin Plate, upon which there shall be marked or engraved the Christian and Surname of every fucq Owner or Owners, together with the Name of the City, Town, or other Place, of his, her, qr their 'Abode, in large and legible Characters, and continue the same thereon, and replace foe fame as often as Occasion mall require, during the Time any such Carriage as aforesaid shall be so used: And if ainy Person or Persons

wall omit or neglect so to do, or mark or engrave, or cause to be marked or engraved, any false or fictitious

Name or Place of Abode, qn any such Place so to be affixed on any such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot,

Chaise, or other Carriage as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit, for every such Qstence, foe Sum of five Pounds.

XII.And be it further enacted, That foe said Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Commissionert Stamps qn Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall, at the Time of issuing such Licence as aforesaid, deliver, Sump-dad^ or cause to be delivered, to every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Penon so licensed, printed or written Papers (intituled. Stamp-office iV^kh Accounts), in which shall be inserted the Day of foe Week, and,

Blanks left for the Number of Horses and Miles, and Name of foe Town or Place to which such Horses priam £ shall be hired to go; and also for the Day of the Month, and the Names of foe Postillions or Drivers cm- written Pape,* ployed, to be filled up as herein after directed, according to the following Form, or such other Form as foe *w Commissioners mall judge convenient for keeping such Accounts,

Stamp*

666

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

TKe Form thereof*

t

And also certain Tickets,

Penalty on Officers making Default,

Poffmaffers/ on receiving'heir first Licence, to give Security for the Re delivery nf Tickets unaccounted for, Ac*

Tickets unaccounted for, how to be valued*

C. 51.

Stamp Office Weekly Account.

J.B. of

j Names of Postillions or Drivers.

1 /f. B. a. D. E F. \ G. H. 1. A. L. M. Names of j Duty

Month and Day. Week and Day. NT of ' of 1SN ot N* of ’of N° of Places to-

Horses. Miles. X 0 c/> Miles. Horses. Miles. Horses. I rT* (Si s Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles. which the Horses are hired to go.

Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday

And shall also deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Number of Tickets, on which shall be printed or written the Words (Stamp Office^) and also the Word (Hojes)^ and 1, 2,- 3, 4, 5, or 6, in Figures, as the Tickets may be intended to denote the Numbers; and like wile the Word (Alius J, except where the Horses are hired for a Day, or any less Period of Time, and then, i nil eat] of the Word (Miles)y the Words (For a Day) shall be inferred, and also the Amount of the Duty, at and after the Rate of one Shilling and nine Pence (or each Horse, according to the Number of Hoi fes expressed by Figures on such Tickets, and shall take especial Care that all Persons so licensed shall be sufficiently furnished with such Accounts and Pickets; and in case any Officer employed in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the said Rates and Duties, shall wilfully retufe or neglect to do or perform any Matter or Thing by this Act required or directed to be done or performed by him, whereby any of his Majesty's Subjects shall or may sustain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer so offending shall be liable, in any Action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party aggrieved all such Damages, with Treble Costs of Suit

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That each and every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed to let Horses for the Purpose aforesaid, shall, at the Time of receiving his, her, or their first Licence, give Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of fifty Pounds, with a Condition that he, she, or they will, whenever thereunto required, re-deliver, or cause to be redelivered, the Stamp-office Tickets which he, she, or they may have received, and that may remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them, or will pay the Money due thereon; and that he, she, or they will also deliver to the Person or Persons properly authorised, by the Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Scamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to inspect the same, and to receive the Money due thereon, the Stamp-office Accounts so delivered to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, faithfully made out, signed, and attested, as herein after directed, and make Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and also truly and faithfully to observe and perform all the Directions, Matters, and Things, herein contained, on his, her, or their Behalf, to be observed and performed; and in case of the Nonperformance or Breach of such Condition, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the Persons fe appointed by them, to cause each and every such Bond to be prosecuted according to Law; and in case of Judgement against the Defendant, the said Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to tuch Person, against whom such Judgement shall be obtained, any Licence to let Horses as aforesaid in future.

XIV. And, to prevent any Disputes arising at what Rate or Value the Tickets shall be settled which may have been delivered in pursuance of this Act, to the Postmasters, Innkeepers, or others, and which may remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them/ be it enacted, That such Tickets shall be valued in Account, and paid for, in case of any Deficiency, at and after the Rate of one Shilling and nine Pence for each Horse, according to the Number of Horses expressed by Figures on such TicketS| and in the Receipt riven "by such Postmasters, Innkeepers, or other Persons for the same.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii; |U>, C. 51. 667

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or* other Person licensed as Po(htn»er«, &c.

aforesaid, who shall let Horses to Hire by the Mile or Stage, to be uied in travelling Pod, Hull, by them-

fclvesor Servants, previous to the using such Horse or Hories, alk, demand, and receive, for the Lie of his fl, tu f€ccjvc/far

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons hiring the same, the Sum of one the Uieof his

Penny Halfpenny per Mile for each Mile such Hprfe shall be so hired to travel, at and after the Rate or Majesty, of the

M umber of Miles which he, she, or they shall charge such Traveller or Travellers for the Stage or Dif- Prions hiring

tance such Horse may be hired to go; and shall, at the same Time he or she receives Payment of the Duty for ^hc faf^vJrd‘

such Horse or Horses, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person or Persons.hiring such Horse or Horses, Aile m^rrorfe

one or more of the Stamp-office "Pickets herein before mentioned, as Occasion shall require, and to which it to mud*

such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall add, or cause to be added, if an Innkeeper, the Name *nd flnii deliver

of his Sign or House; if not an Innkeeper, his or her Name; and he shall also insert the Name of the t(>*hem Sump-

City, Town, or Place where such licensed Person resides, and the Name of the Town or Place to which pra

such Horses may be hired to go; and if to London, the Name of the Street, Square, or Place in London; 0p/*f c

and in Words or Figures the Month, and Day of the Month, and the Number of Miles lor which such

Horse or Horses are so hired: And if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, under Pretence of Penalty on Ne-

there not being any Turnpike or I olL-bar upon the Road through which he. may be hired to go, or under tUueof,

any other Pretence whatsoever, shall neglect to a(k, demand, and receive the said Duty or one Penny

Halfpenny per Mile from such Person or Persons hiring such Horse or Horses, or shall neglect or refute to deliver the Ticket or Tickets, filled up as herein before directed, to such Person or Persons so hiring the

Horses as aforesaid, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

pay the Sum of ten Pounds; and moreover, in case of not receiving the said Rare or Duty, be chargeable

therewith to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner as if he, she, or they had actually

received the same, I

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Traveller or Travellers to whom the Tickets, Tray;ik-f«t»

whereon shall be expressed the Number of Miles, shall be delivered as aforesaid, if they shall pals through deliver their any Turnpike or Toll-bar, shall, at the first Turnpike, Toll-bar, or Bridge, at which any Foil shall be by at ,he

Law collected, through which he, she, or they shall pals, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Toil-gate

Keeper there, the Ticket or Tickets so given to him/her, or them, at the Place where he, she, or they Jhr7ugh.

hired such Horse or Horses, which the said Toll-gate Keeper is hereby directed to demand, and to receive

and file; and if any Traveller or Travellers, so going Post as aforesaid, shall have neglected to take such Penalty on No.

Ticket or Tickets, or shall not deliver, or cause the same to be delivered, properly filled up, as herein gleet.

before is directed, he, she, or they shall, before such Horses be permitted to pal's through such Turnpike or

Toll-bar, pay for every Horse hired and used by such Traveller or Travellers the Sum of one Shilling

and nine Pence, which the Gate-keeper is hereby authorised to alk and demand, and not permit iuen

Horse or Horses to pal's till he, she, or they shall have paid the lame, or produced such Ticket or Pickets

as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Traveller shall be compelled to pay for a greater Number No Timelier t® of Miles than Hull be expressed upon the Ticket by this Act directed to be issued to such Traveller; and

if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed as aforesaid, shall insert in such Ticket the Name be expired up-of any other Town or Place than the Town or Place to which the Horses shall be hired to go, or shall on his Ticket, fill up a less Number of Miles than the Number charged to such Traveller, every Postmaster, Innkeeper, Pen *17 on Post-or other Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; and the said Commit. ’*c* for

sioners shall, if they think fit, after Conviction of such Offender, relufe to grant such Offendcaany Li- Tickets. °P cence in future. ..j <

XVIII. And whereas Postmasters, Innkeepers, and other Persons, add the Number of Miles upon the Tickets issued by them to Persons travelling roft, according to the Distance of the Stage, yet nevertheless charge the Traveller a Sum of Money not at or after any certain Rate per Mile^ under a Pretence that the V Sum so charged is their Price for the Stage;’ be it therefore enacted, That where any Ticket shall be CU«ferehtiv*, blued, with the Number of Miles expressed thereon, and the Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other iferson foiffuing J® chJrfclns the same, shall charge the Traveller a specifick Sum by the Stage, and not at dr after Ihe usual dr any JIfickSu« certain Rate per Mile, in every such Case, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall be account- by the Stage, able for One fourth Part of the Money so received by him, her, or them, as and for the Duty by this Act noth; the ‘ directed to be paid; and shall, in that Case, express on the said Ticket the Money charged to such Tra- Mii«. veller, and enter in the weekly Account, herein before directed to be kept, One fourth. Part of the Money so received, and pay the same to the Collector or Collectors appointed by this Act to receive and collect the said Duties; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall act contrary hereto, he, she, or they shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to ix: recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper, and other Person so licensed Portmasterf, as aforesaid, who shall let to Hire any Horse or Horses by the Day, or less Period of Time, as aforesaid, letting outHotfe* shall, by themselves or Servants, previous to such Horse or Horses being used, ask, demand, and receive, tonwibythe for the U(e of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons hiring the lame, rc*ve c'fQr *hc! the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny per Mile for each Mile such Horle or Horses shall be so hired to go, where vfe of Ms Mi- the Distance shall be ascertained, and where the Distance shall not be ascertained, then the Sum of one jefy, oftbePer-’ Shilling and nine Pence for each Horse so hired, previous to such Horse or Horses being used; and shall, at ^nsbinugtheni, the same Time, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person or Persons so hiring such Horse or Horses,

one or more of the Stamp-office Tickets herein before mentioned, with the Words (for a Day) inserted each Horse ut9 therein, as Occasion shall require: and to which every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or oilier Person, shall add, or travel, or is, 94*

VOL. XIV. Part V. 4R' Cause for each horse.

668

where the Distance Aall not he ascertained i oJ Aall deliver to them Stamp* office Tickets propeijy /ilkd

\p.

Penalty on Post-nufters, &c. hr Neglect.

Day-tiiketi to be delivered at tl.e first Ttfra* pike;

fn Return for which the Gatekeeper shall give an Exchange ticket,

which Aall be Ihcwn at every Turnpike during chat Day. Penalty on TOf veilers not delivering Day-. Tickets, be*

penalty on taking off ike Plate, in order to evade Payment of the Duty j

and on Driven of Carriages pacing through any Turnpike withy out such Plate.

How. Tickets for less than two Days shalt be filled up.

Defcnp^ion of tt.e

U> te delivered ti Travellers Whu shall hire Hurfvs for two Days, or more.

C. 51. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

cause to be added, if an Innkeeper, the Name of his Sign or House; if not an Innkeeper, his or her Name; and he shall also insert the Name of the City, Town, or Place where such licensed Person rdidcs, ami, in Words or Figures, the Month, and Day of the Month; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall neglect to alk, demand, and receive^ the said Duty of one Penny Halfpenny per Mile, or one Shilling and nine Pence for each Horse, as the Case shall happen to be, from such Person or Persons hiring the fame* or shall negledi or refute to deliver the Ticket or "Pickets so filled up as aforesaid, inch Polt-tnafter. Innkeeper, or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and moreover, in case of not receiving the said Rate or Duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner as if he, she, or they had actually received the same.

XX. And be it further ena£kd, That every Person or Persons, to whom such Day-ticket as aforesaid shall be delivered, if he, she,^ or they shall, in tire Cotirfe of the Day for which such Ticket shall be given, pass through any Turnpike, Toll-bar, or over any Bridge (where any Toll is collcded by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament), shall, at the first Turnpike, Toll-bar, or Bridge, through which he, she, or they shall pass, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Toll-gatherer there, the Day-ticket or 'Pickets to given to him, her, or them, at the Place where he, she, or they hired such Horle or Horses, which the said Toll-gatherer is hereby directed to demand, and to receive and file; and in Return for Rich Day-ticket or Tickets, every such Person or Persons shall receive from the said Toll-gatherer a Ticket (called dn Exchange Ticket), to be supplied from the Stamp-office, which shall contain the Name of the County in which the Turnpike or Toll-bar shall be, and the Words (Received Day-ticket) \ and also the Number of Horses according to the Figures expressed in such Day-ticket, together with the Name of the City, Town, or Place, at which such Day-ticket was given, and some Mark or Number, denoting the particular Day in which such Exchange "Picket was issued, in printed or written Letters or b igures; which said Exchange Tickets the said Toll-gatherer is horeby directed to deliver to such Person or Persons gratis, in Return lor such Day-ticket so left with him as aforesaid; and which said Exchange Picket so delivered shall be shewu by such Person or Persons at every Turnpike or 'Poll-bar, through which he, she, or they shall afterwards on that Day pass with such Horse or Horses for which such Day-ticket shall have been given: And if any Person or Persons, to whom such Day-ticket or Pickets shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to leave the lame at such first 7 'urnpike as aforesaid, or shall refuse to Ihevv the Picket, so given to him, her, or them in Exchange, at every Turn{>ike or 7 oil-bar through which he, she, or they shall on that Day pass as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall pay, for every Horse then used by him, her, or them, the Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence, before such Horse or Holies shall pass through such Turnpike, Toll-bar, pr Bridge, the Gatekeeper or 7 oil-gatherer there* is hereby authorised to act, demand, receive, and retain the same to his own Use; and where the Name of the Owner of the Carriage shall be marked on the Footboard or Seat, or Pole, Shaft, or Splinter-bar, as herein before is directed to be done, when the Carriage is let out to Hire at the same Time with the Horses, then such Gatekeeper or Toll gatherer shall not permit such Horse or Horses to pass through until such Traveller shall have paid the same, or left such Day-ticket or Tickets, or shall have produced and shewn such Exchange Ticket, as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take off, or cause to be taken of the Brass or Tin Plate, herein before directed to be affixed on Carriages used as herein before mentioned, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the Duty, or the Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence for each Horle to be paid at the Turnpike or Poll-bar, as herein before is directed; every such Person or Person i so offend* ing, mail forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as ffi$ other Penalties in this Act are directed to be recovered and applied.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Carriage, upon which any Brass or Tin Plate is directed to be affixed as aforesaid, shall pass through any Turnpike or Toll-bar, without having such Urafs or Tin Plate then affixed thereof in the Manner herein before directed, the Driver or Drivers of every such Carriage shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shilling*, to be recovered and applied in the Manner herein after appointed.

XXIII. And, in order to orevent Evasions in the filling up the said Tickets, where the Horses are hired to return in a less Period of Time than two Days, and the Distance shall be ascertained,’ be it enacted, That where any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall let to Hire any Horse or Horses as aforesaid to return in a less Period of Time than two Days, and the Number of Miles, instead of the Words (For a Day), shall be inferred in such 7 icket, every licensed Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall fill up the Name of the Place to which the Horles are hired to go, and the true Number of Miles, alter-taining the Distance both going to and returning from the Place expressed in such Ticket; and in Default of not filling up the said Ticket, as herein before is directed, every such Postmaster, innkeeper, or office Person, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and moreover be chargeable with the said Duty to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner as if he or she had actually received the fiune.

XXIV. And, in order to prevent Frauds where Horses shall be let to Hire for two or more Days, be it enacted, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, when he shall let to Hire for two Days* or a longer Space of Time, any Horses for drawing any Carriage as aforesaid, on airy publick Road, Ishall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person travelling in such Carriage, or to the Driver thereof aNota or Certificate, to be supplied from the Stamp-office*, on which shall be engraved or printed (Hired jar two or more Days), and to which such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall add the Day of, the Month, the Name of the Place of his Abode, and the Number of Days for which the said Horses shall be hired, aaTthe Nam^and Place of Abode of the Person hiring the same; and the Person travelling in such Car-t ’ riage.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5r.

riage, or the Driver thereof, shall, at the first Turnpike^-or other Plaxre wicre Toll is by Law* collected, if he, file, nr they (frail pais though arfy, deliver to the off-gate KetqfeT there th'c Note or, Certificate so given to hi n or her as aforesaid, which the said Toll-gate deeper is hereby efirested- to a(k and demand, and so receive and file: and in Return for such Note or Certificate, the oil-gate Keeper shall deliver a 'ficketv called (The Check Ticket) % to be supplied from the Stamp-office, whion shall confofa the Name of the County in which the Turnpike or Toll-bar shall he, and the tVords (Certificate deliveredana also the Name of the Town or Place Whence such Note of Certificate iifried, together with some Mark or Number denoting the particular Day on which such Check Ticket was issued, in printed or written Letters or Figures; which laid Check Ticket the find Toll-gate Keeper k hereby directed to deliver to such Person or Persons gratis^ in Return for such Note or Certificate so left widi him as aforesaid, anil which said CHecjc Ticket, so delivered, shall be shewn by the Driver of such Carriage, or some Person therein, to the ToII-grrherer at e/ery Tufenpixe or Toll-bar through which the said Horses may have Occasion to pass: And if amy Person or Persons, so hiring such Horses for the Purposes aforesaid, shall have neglected to take such Note or Certificate as above specified, or shall neglect or refuse to leave the same at such first Turnpike or Toll-bar as aforesaid, or shall refuse to shew, at the several Turnpikes of Toll-bars through which he shall pttfsr the Check Ticket so given to him by the' Toll-gate Keeper as aforesaid, such Traveller or Travellers (h:d! pay for every Horfo then used by him or her the Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence before such Horses be permitted to pass such Turnpike or Toil-bar, which the said Toll-gate Keeper is hereby autfio-, rtfed ttrafk, demand, and receive, and retain to his 0W11 Use, and not permit such Horses ‘to pa($ till such Travellers shall ha\r paid the same, or produced such Note or Certificate, or such Check Ticket as aforesaid; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person shall, in such Note or Certificate, irtfert any false or fiiffitrotts Name or Place of his or her Abode, or friaH wilfully insert therein any fictitious Name, or Place of Abode of the Person hiring such Horses, or ifialfr in letting out such Horses for the Purposes aforesaid, by any Device or Collusion, pretend to let out his Horses for a longer Space of Time than the Time for whidt the same were a^ually hired? with an Intent to evade the Duty hereby irtiposed, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person tha’I, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the said Commissioners (half, if they think fit, after Conviction of such Offender, refuse to grant such Offender any Licence in future

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That every Horse hired for the Turpose

of drawing any Carriage as aforesaid for any leis Period of Time than two successive complete Days, shall be deemed, for the Purposes of this Act, to be hired for a Day, and ftnllbe subject to all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as Horses hired for a Day, or less Period of Time for drawing iucfr Carriage as aforesaid, are by this Act made liubleartd subject to

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Toll-gate Keeper who shall have received any of the Day-tickets, or the* Notes or Certificates for two or more Days, as herein bciore mentioned, and shall refuse to give any Traveller or Travellers, gratis, the Tickets hereby directed t0‘ be’ given in Exchange, or who shall deliver the Exchange Ticket or Check ticket, without having received in lka thereof the Stamp-office Day-ticket, or the Note or Certificate for two or more Days, as herein before mentioned; or who shall make, or permit of faster to be made, any Alteration in any of the Pickets hereby directed to be filed by him or her, after Inch Tickets shall have come to his or her Custody, or shall deliver any of the "Pickets directed to be received and filed by hirti or her, to any Person or Persons other than' the Person or Persons duly authorised as herein after mentioned to receive the same, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum ot forty Shillings, to be recovered as herein after is directed*.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person folicensed to let Horses as aforesaid, shall inlert, in the Account herein before specified, 1b delivered to him, her, or them, from the Stamp-office, the Number of Horses used’ in travelling Post, and the Number of Miles for Which such Horses shall have been so used, and the Name of the Town or Place to which such Horses were hired to go; also the Number of Horses let to hire for a Day, or any less Period of Time; and allb the Note or Certificate lb issued by them as aforesaid, and the Day of the Month on which the said Day-tickets were uied, or such Note or Certificate was issued, together with the Names of the Postillions or Drivers employed; which ibid Account shall be figtied by such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed as aforesaid, and witnessed by the Hoiller, or other Servant employed in preparing and getting ready such Horses, and shall be open, when required, to the Inspection of any Person or Persons duly authorised under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parch-ttient, iind Paper, to inspect the fame; and such Postmaster, Innkeeper, and other Person so licensed as aforesaid, refining in the City of London or Liberty of Westminster, (hill, the first Turf Jay or Wednesday in every Month, and such other Person lb licenced as aforesaid, residing within five Miles of the Head Office for Stamps, or within the Pills of Mortality, shall, the first Thursday or' Friday in every Month, or at such other Times as may be appointed by the said Commissioners, on publick Notice given in the Gazette, bring in and deliver to the Commissioneri-, or to the Person or Persons appointed by them for the Purpose ot receiving the same, at the Head Office, the Accounts herein before duefted for the four Weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such Day of Delivery, and shall, at the same ime, pay such Sum and Sums ot Money which IhJl appear to be due tncrcon to the Receiver General for the ime being of the Duties 00 ftaivq>cd Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer for the Time being for collecting the said Duties, so; the Use of his Majesty, his Hens and buccuTors, at the Head Office, upon Pain of forfeiting ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering in lucu Account, and double the Amount of the

669

Such Certificate to be delivered aMlit fir&Tun* p:l'e;

for which the Gae-keeper shall gite

Check Ticket.

If Traveller*

fiegje# to take f<ch

erti, &c. they shall ply 1». 9 d. for rack Hocfe, which the Gate-kcepef may retain 10 hit oy n li fe.

Petial'y Post-

mastera, &c. deli veYfhp false Certificates, ttc.

Horses hired for tny less Time than two Day*, Hull be deemed W be hired for one Day.

Penalty onC ate-kfepers for Ne« gktt of Duty.

Enumeration of

Particulars to be infoteJ by Post-masters, &c. in the Account lo be delivered them from the Sutnp-of Hce.

At what Timos 1 Ken fed Person < residing in Lon* don, &c. shall deliver their Accounts at the Stamp-office, &c«

.6 70

Where tnd wh«n licensed Persont living in other Parts of the Kingdom lha.ll deliver their Accounts, &c.

Postmakers, &c. to enter Tickets 3n their weekly Account on the Day they were i/Tued,

on Penalty of 401.

Penalty on Po/U jnailers,&c. who shall endeavour to defraud his Majesty of the Rates imposed by this Act.

Every Postmaster, who shall take the Hire for Horses travelling Poss, shall be accountable for the Duty.

No Poll mailer, &c, at whole Houseany Traveller shall change Horses, shall let them any otherwise than by the MUc or Stage,

Where Innkeepers cannot turntlh Horses to Travellers, they are to give thtm a fre/h Ticket profcdy filled up, &c.

Toll gate Keepers to be allowed 3 d. in the Huund for all Tickets they shall deliver to

Where and when

the Toll-gate Keeper*' shall bring the said Tickets.

C. 51. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Money so due and payable from such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person for the said Rate or Duties, for the Nonpayment thereof.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, not residing within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within five Miles of the same, or within the Bills of Mortality, shall, at such Times and Places to be appointed for that Purpose as herein after mentioned, produce and deliver the Accounts herein before directed for the Weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such Delivery, and then unaccounted for, to the Person or Persons duly authorised and commissioned, under the Hands and Seals of three of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on fiamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to receive such Accounts, and the Money due thereon; and at the same Time pay to such Person or Persons all Sum and Sums of Money, which shall appear to be due upon such. Accounts, under the Penalty of ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering such Accounts, and double the Amount of the Money due and payable from such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person for the said. Rates or E*uties, for the Nonpayment thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed as aforesaid, shall enter, or cause to be entered, in his weekly Account, the Tickets, Notes, or Certificates, so issued by him, her, or them, on the Day in which the same shall be issued; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall date any of the Posting-tickets or Day-tickets, or any Note or Certificate, by him or her delivered as aforesaid, in any other Manner than as the same shall, at the Time of such Delivery, be

entered in his or her weekly Account or Accounts, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, fb licensed. as aforesaid, who shall be guilty of any wilful Concealment, or making false Accounts, or any other fraudulent Contrivance, Device, or Pretence whatsoever, with an Intent or Design to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act, or any Part thereof, such roft-master, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered as herein after directed; and the said Commissioners shall aiyd may, if they shall so think fit, after Judgement obtained against such Offender, refuse to grant to such Offender any Licence in future.

XXXI. And, in order to prevent the evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted, by permitting

Carriages, conveying Persons Post, to be drawn by Horses which have paid the Duty for the Stage, under,

.4 Pretence of such Horses being upon the Return Home \ be it further enacted, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, who shall take the Hire for such Horses by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, shall be confideted as the Person to whom the Duties herein before granted shall be paid, and shall be chargeable;

1 with, and accountable for the same, as if such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, was the actual Proprietor of such Horlcs, although the same may belong to, and be the Property of any other licensed Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person.

XXXII. And, in order to prevent evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted upon Horses hired

by the Mile or Stage, under the Pretence of the letting such Horses for a Day, or any less Period of Time,* be it enacted, That no Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, at whose Inn, House, or other Place kept for letting Horses to Hire, any Traveller or Travellers shall change Horses, shall let to Hire any Horse or Horses to such Traveller or Travellers, in any other Manner than by the Mile or Stage; and if any Post- L master, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall act contrary hereto, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered as herein after mentioned.

XXXIII. And in order to prevent*uny Obstruction or Inconvenience to Travellers, from the Name of the Town or Place to which the Horles may be hired to go, being inserted in the Ticket as herein before is directed / be it enacted, That where any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed as aforesaid, at whose Inn, House, or other Place, any Traveller or Travellers shall apply to change Horses, if he or she cannot furnish Horses to convey such Travellers on their Journey, when applied to for that Purpose, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or ether Person, shall and is hereby directed to issue to any Traveller requiring the same, a froth Ticket properly fiiled^ up, and receive the Duty due thereon, and charge himself or herself therewith, in the same Manner as if the Horles had been hired from such Postmaster, innkeeper, or other Person.

XXXIV. And, for the Encouragement of the Toll-gate Keepers to be attentive and vigilant in the Ex- ecution of this Act, and as a Compensation for their Trouble / be it enacted, That all and every Toll-gate Keeper shall be, and is hereby authorised to demand and receive from the Collector, or other Person. appointed to get in the same, to whom he, she, or they shall deliver the Day-tickets and Posting-tickets, in the Manner herein after directed and prescribed, the Sum of three Pence for every Pound Sterling, which the Duties upon any such Ticket shall amount unto, and at and after that Rate for any lei's Sum than a Pound Sterling; and such Collector, or other Person, is hereby authorised to pay and allow the same accordingly; and that such Allowance of three Pence in the Pound shall be over and above the Allowance or Privilege hereby given to such Toll-gate Keepers of retaining the Money by him, her, or them, collected from such Traveller or Travellers, Person or Persons, who shall not, purmant to this Act, have delivered the Tickets to such Toll-gate Keeper as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Toll-gate Keeper shall, for the Compensation and Allowance aforesaid, bring, or cause to be brought, the T ickets herein before mentioned, by him or her received, if within five Miles of the Head Office for Stamps, then to the said Head Office there, or to such other Place, within the Bills of Mortality, as the Commissioners of the Stamp-tiuties shall appoint 3 and if beyond the Distance of five Miles from the Head Office, then to such

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51* 671

Places, and at such Times, as the Collector, appointed to collect such Tickets, shall require, and deliver up, or cause to be delivered up, such Tickets to the Collector to be appointed as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll-gate Keeper, who shall have received such Stamp-office Tickets as aforesaid, who shall not bring, or cause to be brought, such Tickets at the Times and Places aforesaid, shall, upon Demand made at the Gate of such Turnpike or Toll-bar, deliver such Tickets to the Collector to be appointed by the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as aforesaid; and if any Toll-gate Keeper shall refuse to deliver up all and every such Stamp-office Tickets so received by him or her, upon such Demand as aforesaid, every Toll-gate Keeper shall, for each Ticket he or she shall so refuse to deliver up, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Toll-gate Keeper shall wilfully neglect to ask and demand, or shall refuse to receive, from any Person or Persons, any Ticket or Tickets, hereby directed to be delivered to such Toll-gate Keeper as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to file the same when delivered, every such Toll-gate Keeper, so wilfully neglecting to ask and demand, or refusing to receive and file such Tickets, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner herein after directed.

XXXVIII. And, in order to prevent any Collusion or fraudulent Practices in Toll-gate Keepers,’ be it enacted, That in case any Toll-gate Keeper shall alk, demand, or receive, or agree to take or accept any less Sum or Sums of Money than he or the is hereby authorised to a(k, demand, and receive, and retain to his own U(e, every such Toll-gate Keeper shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in the Manner herein after appointed.

XXXIX. And whereas there are many publick Roads on which there are no Turnpikes, so that the i Tickets directed to b^iffijed by the several Pollmallers, and other Persons, cannot be received and filed as i directed by this Act, whereby great Frauds are pradtiTed ;* be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to erect Bars and Gates across any publick Road, for the Receipt of the Tickets directed to be issued in pursuance of this Act, and to place a Person or Persons thereat, who shall have, and are hereby inverted with the same Power and Authority, to collect and receive the Tickets, Notes, or Certificates so issued, and to demand the Money from the Travellers for not producing and (liewing the same, as the Turnpike Men are authorised by this Act to collect, demand, and receive, and to be liable and Iubject to the same Penalties for any Thing done contrary to this Act, as the Turnpike Men are subject and liable to.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed as aforesaid, not residing within five Miles of the Head Office for Stamps, nor within the Bills of Mortality, shall, at the Times and at the Places to be mentioned at the Foot of the first Licence granted to him, her, or them, when the same shall be delivered, and afterwards at the Foot of every Receipt which shall be given by the Collector for the Money paid in by him, her, or them, on account of the said Duties, attend and there deliver in and pass his Account, and pay the Duty received by him, her, or them, as aforesaid, to the Collector so appointed to collect the fame: Provided that no such Person as aforesaid shall be compelled to. travel for the Payment of the said Duties, or other Cause whatsoever, touching or concerning the same, if he, she, or they live in a Market Town, out of the said Town; or if he, she, or they live out uf a Market own* then to no other Place than to the Market Town neardt to his, her, or their Habitation.

XLI. Provided allb, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Horses used in Hackney Coaches, Ucenled pursuant to several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose, where the Horses drawing such Hackney Coaches shall be employed to go no greater Diibnce than ten Allies from the Cities of London or U'dlm and the Suburbs thereof.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every Horse, hired by the Mile or Stage, shall be deemed to be hired to travel Port, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, altnough the rtcrlon orreilons hiring the same do not go or travel several Stages upon a Port Read, or charge Horses; and although at the Stage or Place, at or to which such Horses shall be hired, there shall not be any Poll House; and although there shall not be any Port settled or established on the Road, or any Part thereof, upon winch such Horses shall be hired to eo; any Thine herein before contained, or any Law or Usage, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted, That if any Port matter. Innkeeper, or other Person, licensed to let norfes in Manner afoidYul, {lull die, it shall and may be lawful for his or her Executors, Administrators, or ^cr Persons succeeding to such Inn, House, or other Place, to let Horses to Hire in Manner aforesaid, Ul?td such Time such Person shall procure such Licence, and give such Security as herein before directed, Without being liable to the Penalty herein before indicted upon the Persons letting Horses to Hire without ucenled in that Behalf, provided that such Licence be taken out within thirty Days after the Death of P^tmailer, innkeeper, or other Person; and such Person or Persons shall be subject to the same Rules,

emulations, and Charges, and liable to account, and to the Payment of the same Rates and Duties impoied, a vr Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, was Iubject anil liable to account for.

ALLV. And. 1 hr more ertcirually taking an Account of the several Duties imposed by this Act, and

land

Renting Frauds therein,’ be it enacted, '1 tut, from and after tire said fidt Day of Jfuot'jl one thou law af^f an d eighty-live, every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed to let I lories as

orelaid, shall, at the respective Times of delivering their Accounts to the Commissioners, or other Person

aPpciiiited them to receive the same, at the Head Ortice, or to the Collector or Collectors authorised by the

Pen a fry on ToIL

g.ve Keeper*, who shall not del:ver up Tickets on Demand;

or who shall ne-glett ro receive or ro file any Tickets as required by this Art,

Gate-keeper* fraudulently accepting less than they are autha-, riled to demand, forfeit ,10 s,

Commissioner* may erect Balt ' and Gates acrof* publick Road*, and appoint Fer-fnns to receive Tickets, &c.

Where Postma- -f.ers, Sec, refid-out of the Bills of Morcafi-. ty, &c. a^e to attend and pits their Account!.

This Act oot to extend to fioriel uiei in Hackney* coacnes, &c.

All Horses h’rfd by the Miie or Stjpu, shall be d-emrd hired to travel Foil,

On Death of any*

licen cd

maftrr, &c. his Executors, &c. lh»U no* be ii ib)z lo any Ft rah y for jeaingHurfcs (o Hire, provid--ed they taker out a Li erne within. 50 Diys alter.

E'-ery Pcftm*. iter, £rc. on deli vtring his Accounts, 0ull make Oath to the Truth there*

of*

672

The Oath,

Pcftahy on Post-master?, &c. fw coring fdfdy,

er refusing to take the Oath.

No Person /kill let out for Hire any Diligence, or Post-coach, See. without a Licence,

on Penalty of 10 1. for each

Offence. Commissioner* of Stamp-duties to grant such Licences to all Persons who Dull apply for them.

Licence to be renewed ten Days previous to the Expiration, &c.

Only one Diligence, Sec. to be kept by one Licence.

All licensed Persons 10 pay one Penny to- every Mile tlHr Diligence, Sec. shall travel;

and shall declare, when they receive their Licence, to and from what PI ices it it intended to be <1 fed, and how often,

C. 51. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 17£5.

the said Commissioners to receive the same, and the Money due thereon, make Oath, or* being one of the People called takers, make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation before such Commissioners, or other Person appointed as aforesaid, or Coile&or or Collectors, who are hereby respectively authorised and impowered to administer such Oath and Affirmation, to the Truth of the Account* then delivered, in the Form following;

I J. B. do swear, (or affirm, as the Case may require,), That the fevepal weekly Accounts, now by me A A delivered, of the Duties arifrng upon Horses, which I have let for the Purpose of travelling Post* or otherwise, from the Day of to the Day of

as far as the ferae have been entered and kept by me, are fair, just, and true Accounts; and that I have charged therein the Duty for the true Number of Miles, received for the Use of his Majesty, from the Travellers who have hired Horses from me; and that I have inferred therein an Account ofaUthe Day- tickets. Notes and Certificates issued by me; and as far as such Accounts have been entered and kept by any other Person or Persons, I verily believe the same to be tme.

So help me G QIV

And if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, taking the said Oath or Affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and be thereof convicted, he, she, or they shall, for such Offence* be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so Hcenfedas aforesaid, shall refuse to take the Oath or Affirmation above required, the Collector or Collectors of the said Duty may refuse to receive the Money due on such Accounts, and such Postmaster, Innkeeper* or other Person, shall be liable to the Penalty of twenty Pounds, in the same Manner as if they had not delivered in their Accounts, and paid the Money due thereon, for each and every such Account so refused to be attested or affirmed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of Au^ujl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if any Person who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calaffi, Chaise-marine, Chaise, Diligence, or other Carriage with four Wheels, or any Cahfh, Chaise, Chair, or other Carriage with two Wheels, by what Name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as publick Stage Coaches or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hirctoand from different Places within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall let out the same for such Purpose, without having first obtained a Licence under the Hands of two of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, he, she, or they shall forfeit, for every Time such Coach, Diligence, or other Carriage shall be so used, the Sum of ten Pounds*to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners, appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment*, and Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences, under their Hands and Seals, to any Person or Persons who shall apply for the same to let out for Hire any such Coach, Diligence, ot other Carriage, directed to be licensed by virtue of this Act, for the Space of one Year, to commence from the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that Day, and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said first Day of Atguj^ to commence from the Day of the Date of such Licences; which said Licence shall be renewed at leallteu Days previous to the Expiration of the Year for which it was granted \ and if the Person or Persons fib li-cenled shall continue to let out for Hire such Coach, Diligence* or other Carriage, hereby directed to be licensed, he, she, or they shall, in the same Manner, renew such Licence fioin Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for such Licence, and so yearly and every Year as long as he, she, or they shall continue to let out such Coach, Diligence, or other Carriage, for the Purpose aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons so licensed to let out Coaches, Diligences, or other Carriages, hereby directed to be licensed, shall, by virtue of one Licence, keep more than one Coach, Diligence, or other Carriage, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons so licensed to use any. Coach or Coaches, Diligences, or other Carriages, to be employed as publick Stage Coaches as aforesaid, shall yield and pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of 011c Penny for every Mise every such Coach or Coaches, Diligences, or other Carriages, shall be so ufod to travel as aforesaid.

XLIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons so licensed to use sech Coach or Coaches, Diligences, or other Carriages, to be employed as publick Stage Coaches as aforesaid shall, at the Time of receiving such Licence, declare from what Place and to what Place such Coach or Coaches, or other Carriages, hereby directed to be licensed, is intended to be tiled, distinguishing the Distance or Number of Miles between the two extreme Towns, or other Places, such Coach or Coaches, or other Carriages, is or are intended to go, and the Number of Journies each such Coach or Coaches, Diligences^ or other Carriage or Carriages, is or are intended to be ulccl, either in the Day or in the Week, as the Case may happen to be, that the same may be inserted in such Licence; and all and every Person or Persons, so licensed for such Purpose as aforesaid, shall £ive Security, by BonJ to his Majesty, lus Heirs and Successor?, in the Sum of twenty Pounds, or in treble the Sum to which the Duty for the Journies inferred in such Licences for one Month would amount unto, in the Option of the said Commissioners, with a Condition

D'fcret ionary

Powers »cfted JO Commissionrr* rda ive to Diligences, &c. making ffcoit Stages near London.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 673

for the faithful accounting for and paying such Sums as may be due for the Journies expressed in such Licences.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Coaches, Diligences, or other Carriages, directe I to be licensed by virtue of this Act, that shall go from London or Westminster to any Place in the Country, or that shall i/’mg0UBdon°«r come from the Country to any Place in London or lVtjlminJhry shall be licensed at the Head Office by the Westminster, Commissioners, or focne Person authorised by them. fluii b-l cens<4

at the S. amp-office.

c LI. And, in regard it may be difficult to ascertain the Number of Times such licensed Coaches, Dili- gences, or other Carriages, making short Stages, may go in a Day,’ it is hereby provided and ensiled,

Tflat the Commissioners for managing the Stamp-duties, or the major Part of them, or such Officers as they shall appoint in that Behalf, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered to make such Allowances as shall appear to be just, to any Person or Persons licensed to use any Coach, Diligence, or other Carriage, as aforesaid, upon Oath made by the Owner of such Coach, Diligence, or other Carriage as aforesaid, before the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or such Officers so to be appointed, as to the Number of Journies actually made in a Day by such Coach, Diligence, or other Carriage, where the same shall differ from die Number expressed in such Licences; which Oath the said Commissioniers, or the Collectors authorised by them to receive the said Duty, are hereby impowered to administer, and to examine into all the Circumstances relative to the Number of Journies lo made by such Coach, Diligence, or ^ther Carriage, as aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered to make such Regulations, with respect to Inch Coaches, Diligences, and other Carriages, where such Allowances are applied for, as they shall from Time to Time find necelfory, as well for the effectual securing the Duties on such Coaches, Diligences, or other Carriages, as doing Justice to the Owners or Proprietors thereof. 1

LII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, so licensed to use every such Coach,

Diligence, or other Carriage, as aforesaid, shall mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, on the outside Pannel of each Door thereof, before he, she, or they shall use the same for the urpole aforesaid, his, her, or their Christian and Surname, together with the Name of the Place from whence they ft*t out, and to which they are going, in large and legible Characters, in Letters of a Colour distinct from the Colour of the Carriage, each Letter at least one Inch in Length, under the Penalty of ten Pounds; and every Proprietor of any such Coach, Diligence, or other Carriage^ licensed to go from London to any other Place, or from any other Place to London^ shall, on the first Monday in every Month, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, unless the same be an Holiday, and then on the next Day, not being an Holiday, clear the said Duties charged and become due by virtue of this Act, by paying the same to the Receiver General of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer for the Time being for collecting the said Duties, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Head Office 5 and if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall be licensed from any Town in the Country to any other Town than London, then such Proprietor shall clear the said Duties, by paying the same to the Person duly authorised, by Commission under the Hands and Seals of three of his Majesty's Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, to' receive the same, under the Penalty of five Pounds.

LIII. Provided always, That every such licensed Proprietor or Proprietors of any Coach, Diligence, or other Carriage, as aforesaid, who shall lay down and discontinue the Use of the same, shall give Notice in Writing, seven Days at the least before he, she, or they shall lay down or discontinue the same, and shall have such Notice indorsed upon the Back of such his, her, or their Licence or Licences, or upon the Bond so to be given as aforesaid, and from thenceforth, on Payment of all Arrears, shall be no longer charged or chargeable for the same.

LIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the Receiver General at the Head Office, and the said other Col-kftors duly appointed to receive the Duties hereby imposed, shall make an Allowance to the several Post-niafters. Innkeepers, and other Persons, licensed by virtue of this Act to let Horses to Hire, by the Mile,

Stage, or Day, for all Monies by them paid on account of the Duties by this Act imposed on Horses so hired as aforesaid; and they shall be entitled respectively to deduct, for their own Use, at and after the Rate of three Pence in the Pound, out of the Monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to such Receiver General, or other Collector, according to the Directions herein before contained.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall falielymake, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or wilfully aid or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any Ticket, Note, or Certificate by this Act authorised or directed to be used, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter or publish as true, any false, forged, or counterfeited Ticket, Note, or Certificate, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied and applied as herein is directed declared.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distril» boxed (if a Proleciuion or Suit shall be commenced for the same within the Space of six Calendar Months froovthe Time of any such Penalty being incurred) in iManner following; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all such pecuniary Penalties which shall amount to the Sum of

'Pounds or more, shall be sued for in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed

The Name of the Owner of r'try Diligence, Arc. 10 be pii’it-td on the Outside of each Door. Where and when the Duties anf-ing from Diligences. &c. shall be paid.

License.i Proprietor of any Diligence, Ac, to give seven Days Notice before he di fcpntill ue the same.

Postmasters, to le allowed 3d, in the Pound out of the Monirs to be accounted for and paid by them.

Penalty on forging any Ticket, or u’teiing the son>c,

m

1 Application of Penalties, if Paid for within fie Months.

Pecuniary Pe. nahiea amounting to 50 I, where to be sued for.

674

MlPrnaltie' irt fucd for within fijt M< nths, to belong to hia

Any Justice may determine any Offence aga:nft this AO, if the Penalty he left than 501.

Person# aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Penalty on Wir-netlhs who shall reiufe to appear, or to be examined, &c.

Summonses of the Proprietor# of Diligences, See. left with the Book-keeper, &c. shall be deemed good Service.

Form of Conviction,

C. 51. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

in England and Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Eiiom, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Division or Distribution of the Penalties as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and restricted to the prosecuting or suing for the same wirhin the 'I'inie herein before for that Purpose limited; and that, in Default of stich Prosecution or Suit within the Time aforesaid, no Informer or Informers shall have or be entitled to any Part or Share of such Penalties, but that the Whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be recoverable by Information, at the instance of his Majesty's Attorney General, or the Lord Advocate of Scotland; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Li A. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace, refuting near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, not amounting to fifty Pounds; which laid Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and all'o the Witnesses on either fide, and shall examine into the Matter of Fact; and, upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this Act\ is directed, and to award and issue out his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to caute Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any); and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of six Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be iboner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he, she, or they shall and may (upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed), appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter billions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgement of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay Costs, occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet. Provided always, That if the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall fall within six Days after such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful for the Person so convicted, if he shall think fit, giving such Security as aforesaid, to appeal to the next subsequent Quarter Sessions.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a WTitness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means as are herein before directed as to other Penalties.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Summonses, issued by any Justice of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, against the Owners or Proprietors of any Coaches, Diligences, or other Carriages required to be licensed by this Act, that shall be left at the Inn or other Place where the Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage, shall put up, with the Book-keeper or other Person who shall keep the Books for taking Places in such Coaches, Diligences, or other Carriages, shall be deemed good Service on the Owners or Proprietors of such Coaches, Diligences, or other Carriages, although such Owners or Proprietors shall not have a Jtefi-dence or Habitation in such Inn or Place.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form, and to the Effect following (mutatis mutandis), as the Case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without stating the Case, or the Fails or Evidence in any particular Manner; that is to say,

c T> E it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

JL> at in the County of y/. B. ’came before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was committed, and informed, me, that E.F. of on the Day of now laftpaft,

at in the said County, did [here Jet forth the Fad for which the Information is laid],

whereupon the said E. F\ after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me on the Day of at in the said County, and hiving heard the

Charge contained in the said Information, declared he was not guilty of the said Offence, [or, as the Case may happen to be,] did not appear before me pursuant to the said Summons, [or, did neglect and refuse to make any Defence against the said Charge,] but the same being fully proved upon the Oath of G. H* a credible Witness, [or, as the Case may happen to be,] acknowledged and voluntarily confeifed the same to be true; and it manifdtly appearing to me that he the said E.F. is guilty of the Offence charged upon hiuijn

A.D. 17&5. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51,52. 675

« the said Information, 1 do therefore hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge*

that he the said E.F. hath forfeited the bum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the

c Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as che Law directs, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

LXIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall ju/Kcc m,? fee Cause, to mitigate and lefien any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs and Charges of the t»g*te the k*c-Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to Ids than a Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Ceils and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That die several Duties herein before granted shall be paid from Time Receiver Oene-to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped V'ellum, ra! of Stamp* Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and ^oti^ra^ pay the same (the necellkry Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into by the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties now charged on stamped the Exchequer. Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid j and that in the Office of the Auditor of the (hid Auditor to keep Receipt there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arifwig from the said fe- »separate Ac-veral Rates and Duties, ami paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from count thereof, all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever.

LXV. And whereas, by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, certain Rcqting Appli-c Duties were granted on Licences to be taken out by Persons letting Horses to Hire for travelling Post, and cation of the certain Dudes payable on such Horses let to Hire, and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned; which Duties granted Duties, with fundi y other Duties granted in the same Session of Parliament, were made a Fund for Pay- bJ *frmcl A6h# 4 meat of the several Annuities granted by an Act of the same Session of Parliament, and which said Duties were* by an Act of the twentieth Year of his said Majesty, repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu there- of, and made applicable to the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties so repealed; and by one other Act,

of the twenty-third Year of his present Mujdty’s Reign, certain additional Duties were granted on Stage Coaches, and other Carriage, and w:re, together with other Duties, made a Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act of the same Session of Parliament / be it therefore enacted, That, from and after AopUcitlon of the first Day of Au niji one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the yearly Sum of eighty-four thousand the Duties grant* Pounds be reserved and let apart, and applied quarterly, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of such Mo- ed by this Act. nies as shall from Time to Time arise, as well by the Duties granted by this Act, as of the Arrears of the several Duties hereby repealed, and shall be applied towards paying the Annuities granted by the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and that the yearly Sum of forty thousand Pounds be also referred and set apart, and applied quarterly, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of such Monies as shall from Time to Time avile there, as-well by the said Duties granted by this Act, as of the,

Arrears of the (cveral Duties hereby repealed, and shall be applied towards paying the Annuities granted by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and that out of the Monies which '

shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Duties hereby repealed, and out of the Duties granted by this Act, a proportional* Fart of the two Sums of eighty-four thousand Pounds, and forty thousand Pounds* shall, from the firlr Day of An guff one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be set apart and applied towards Payment of the Annuities grante d by the said several Acts of the nineteenth and twenty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and die Residue of the Produce of the said Rates and Duties shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Viduaf and 7ranfori Bills, and Ordnance Debentures*

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her Part of Bn Lte Majesty Queen An ne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Pcji-office for all her Majestys Domi~ of 9 Ann# nions, and firfettling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the IVor, and other her Ala- pealed,

Ji/fs Occafnns, as retrains any Persons, other than the Postmaster General for the Time being, and the respedrve Deputies and Substitutes of such Postmaster General, from preparing or providing, or from letting to Hire, or furnishing Horses or Furniture for riding Pelt within this Kingdom, shall be, and the lame is hereW repealed and made void.

LXVlJ, And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued; Persons sued for jnoleffed, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Thing done Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General lffuej J£puAfAUKet£ and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall be Pi«d the <Tcnc-pdfed for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant raUfae, cr Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaimifis. and recover Treble CcftrJ

CAP. LII.

An Act for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

\Af WHEREAS the present Method of accounting for the Receipts, I flues, and Expenditures of the < Publick Money, before the Auditors of the Imprest, is become inefficient to answer the good Pur-P°fes intended thereby: for Remedy whereof, it is important that a more effectual Method shall be provided Vol. XIV. Part V. +S ‘in

676 C. 52. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785

in future for examining the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, and for preventing, so far as possible, all Delays, Frauds, and Abuses, in delivering in and passing the fame: And whereas it is expedient, for the effecting thereof, that the Right vested in the Right Honourable Lord Sondes, and the Right Honour- able John Stuart, commonly called Lord Viscount Mountjiuart, now Lord Cardiff, which they derive from the Patents granted to them respectively, as Auditors of the Imprest, should cease and determine, on due Compenl'ation being made to them for their Interest in the fame; and that all Fees, Gratuities, and Perr quifites, in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, should be forthwith abolished; and that every Of- neer and Cleric in the said Office or Department should be paid by the Publick a certain fixed annual

Salary, in lieu of all such Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-From July 5» mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the 17*5, the Pa- fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the Patents granted by his late and present t*ot* gTa."led Majesty, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to the said Lord Sondes, and the said Lord Mountjiuart* the imprest ta* as Auditors of the Imprest, shall be vacated; and that all the Powers, Authorities, Rights, Privileges, and cated. Advantages, thereby granted and given, shall cease and determine from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; from and after which Time, no Fee, Gratuity, Perquisite, or Emolument, shall be received or taken by any Person or Persons whomsoever, employed in the making up, passing, or auditing any Publick Accounts under the Authority of this Act.

W#t toaffcft

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or hi construed to «ther officer* of extend, to affe£l the Rights of any Officer or Minister of the Exchequer, other than the Auditors of the the Exchequer. or any Person or Persons under them.

III. And whereas it is just and proper that the said Lord Sondes, and Lord Mountjiuart, should have a reasonable and equitable Provision during their Lives, in lieu of the Profits and Emoluments of the said Offices of Auditors of the Imprefts, of which they are diverted under this Act ;* be it enacted, Cowpenfatknto That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nve, there shall be the Auditor* paid out of the Aggregate Fund, to the said Lord Sondes, the annual Sum of seven thousand Pounds clear of Emoluments6#/ Deductions, and to the Lord Mountjiuart the like annual Sum of seven thousand Pounds clear of all tfetir office*. Deductions, during their Lives respectively, by equal quarterly Payments; the first Payment to be made on or immediately after the tenth Day of October following.

IV. And, in order effectually to provide such Examination of all Publick Accounts in future as may be His Majesty may necessary for the Security of the Publick Interest,’ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

appoint five for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to nominate and appoint five Commissioners, by Letters Patent

for*and'itingVhe Ui^er the Great Seal of Great Britain, two of whom shall be the Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, Publick Ac- ^ow and hereafter for the Time being; and to grant fixed Salaries to each of the said Commissioners, to

counts. be paid out of the Aggregate Fund, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of four thousand Pounds clear

of all DeduCfions annually, who shall be (tiled, The Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, and shall hold their Offices quam diu fe bene gefferint (except the said Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, who shall continue to be Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts so long only as they shall be Comp-

Commissioner* trollers of Army Accounts); and shall, before they shall enter upon the Execution of the Powers veiled in

to be j'worn. them by this Act, take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, which he is hereby authorised and required to administer, the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to say):

Their Oath*

I A.B. do swear, That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impar-4 A tially, and truly execute the several Powers and Trulls veiled in me by an Act for better examining

and auaiting the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

So help me GOD.

to appoint Officers for preparing Publick Accounts; and to allow them Salaries, Si c.

Annuities he allowed to certain Officer* under the Auditor*;

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, shall be, and he or they are hereby authorised to appoint such Officers and Clerks, and other Persons, as shall appear to them to be necessary, from Time to Time for making up and preparing lor Declaration the several Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, with such fixed Salaries to each as they shall judge proper; and to allow such reasonable Sums, as to them shall seem fit, from Time to Time for Stationary, Coals, Candles, and other incidental Charges to be incurred in the Office for auditing the Publick Accounts, to be paid out of the Aggregate Fund, not exceeding in the Whole the annual Sum of six thousand Pounds clear of all Deductions, which shall be to the several Officers, Clerks, and other Persons, in lieu of all Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites whatsoever.

VI. And whereas it is just and reasonable that some Provision should be made for certain Persons during their Lives, who now hold Employments under the before mentioned Auditors of the Imprest, and for others who have retired therefrom upon annual Allowances paid to them by the said Auditors;’ be it enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be paid out of the Aggregate Fund to Philip Deare Esquire, Deputy to the Lord Viscount Mountjiuart, and to John Wigglesworth Esquire, Deputy to the Lord Sondes, the annual Sum of three hundred rounds each; to John Lloyd, formerly Deputy to the Lord Sondes, the annual Sum of three hundred Pounds; and to Charles Harris, formerly one of the Clerks in the Office of the Lord Viscount Mountstuart the annual Sum of two hundred Pounds; the said several Sums to be clear of all Deductions, by equal quarterly Payments, the first Payment to be made on or immediately after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52. 677

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Annuities made payable by this Act to the several and tofee chased Persons herein before named, shall be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon die

Duties and Revenues which compose the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, and every or any of un

them (after paying^ or reierving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same).

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Cornroiflionerst# Act shall be, and they are hereby inverted with all the Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the vested wish Performance of the same Duties, and liable to the same Controul, which the Auditors of the imprelt are

now by Law, Usage or Custom inverted with, or are subject or liable to, except as the same are or shall be ditori AU"

altered or affected by this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall, and they are and to admini* hereby authorised to administer to every of the Officers and Clerks, who shall be appointed as before fler Oathjib directed, an Oath, for his true and faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of their Officerl* the Trust reposed in him.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or their Successors, shall be, and they are Commissionen hereby authorised and required to call before them, by Precepts under their Hands, or the Hands of any

three or more of them, all such Persons as shall have received any Sum or Sums of Money by way of wh^haveVe-"* Imprest:, or in any other Manner, for which they shall be accountable, to attend upon them personally, ceived Money by from Time to Time, as they shall be required, and to exhibit to them the said Commissioners, or any way ol three or more of them, all such Accounts, books. Certificates, Warrants, Muniments, Receipts, or other Papers whatsoever, in the Possession of such Pertbns, which shall appear to be necessary for the Purposes of their Examination; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorised, when they shall see Occasion, to cause Search to be made, or Extracts to be taken from the Books, Rolls, or Records, in the Custody or Keeping of any Officer or Minister in the Court, or in the Receipt of the Exchequer, without paying any Fee or Reward for the famel

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall try and Commissionen examine the several Accounts and Vouchers, which shall be transmitted to them from Time to Time, with to exam,n® Ac* as little Delay as possible; and upon Trial and Examination thereof, shall make full, just, and perfect asffibJc.°°* Accounts, or Declarations of Accounts, containing briefly the Sum and Substance thereof in Charge and Discharge.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in auditing and examining all Publick Accounts, the Commissioners Direffiom recall allow such Articles of Discharge only, as the said Accountants respectively shall have been duly autho- lathe to auduiag rifed to incur, unless, upon a special Statement of the Matter to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners Accounl1;

of the Treasury, the said Commissioners shall be directed to make further or other Allowances to the said Accountants accordingly, by Warrant under the Hand of the said J-rord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them.

XII. And, for the rendering more effectual all such Examinations as are intended to be had under this Commissionn

Act,’ be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners, to be appoirfted by Autho- mar examine rity thereof, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorised and required to examine upon Oath A untI»ts0* (which Oath they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer), all Accountants Whom they Hull find occasion to call before them, and all other Persons whom the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to examine, touching the Receipt and Expenditure of the Money forming the Charge and Discharge of each. Account respectively, and touching all other Matters and Things necessary for the due Execution of the Powers verted in the said Commissioners by this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, in the Penalty on Per-Course of their Examination upon Oath before the Commissioners, to be appointed as before provided, or fonsgmng faife their Successors, shall wilfully and corruptly give faife Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and fje,d^ure being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such Pains fl0eneigml and Penalties as, by any Law now in being, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and

liable to.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when the Examinations of each Account shall be compleated by Commissionfn the said Commissioners, they, or any three of them, shall, and they are hereby required to make up a

State thereof, and lay the lame before the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners erf the Treasury, zndc"Uy

who, after due Consideration of all Particulars, shall grant their Warrant to the said Commissioners to them before the prepare the lame for Declaration, in the Manner and Form which has been accustomed. Treasury,

XV. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Accounts of the Expenditure of the Publick AccounuofEr-Money, which have heretofore been passed in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be delivered to the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, together with the Vouchers belonging thereto.

% 4

XVI. And whereas it is necessary that the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this AUd«oriotran. t Act should have early Information reflecting the Illues of Money from the Exchequer to Persons on Ac- mif to the Com-

count,’ be it enacted and (let lased, That the Auditor of the Exchequer shall transmit to the said Commissioner.> eCr-missioners a Certificate of all Monies issued from the Exchequer to Persons by way of Imprest, and upon nf Account, in like Manner as he now doth to the Auditors of the Imprest. "K1 L ued ufo*

t ‘

XVII. And whereas great Lollls and Inconveniencies have arisen to the Publick by Sub-accountants

not having been put in Charge till a long Time has elapsed after the Monies were issued to them,’ be it

S 2 enacted,

penditure of Publick Mor :y

to be dc if ere ! to the Com/mhlou-€fl.

Auditorto trarf-

AccouaA

678

PaymafUrof the Ferc<i, 3cc. to transmit to the Commissioners n Account of all Monitt issued by thrm by way t Impretij &c.

Accourfa*its rot to be allowed any Sum they shall neglect to transmit an Account of, as above Mentioned.

Commissioneri may compel Ac* coumants to bring forward their Account!.

S'ib accountant a to del ver to the Commissioners, Vouchers for Expenditure of Monies issued to them, within certain limited Times.

pircefs ffnt to issue against certain Sub-ac-ountapif, without Dire^ion*

from the Tica-Ury

When foh-

accountants

tr a Afoul a ffif*

C. 52. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

enacted, That the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, the Treasurer of the Navy, the Treasurer of the Ordnance, and every other publick Officer, who shall hereafter pay into the Hands of any Person or Persons whomsoever, Money for publick Services, by way of imprert, or on Account, shall, within thirty Days of the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and within thirty Days of the thirty-first Day of Dece?nber in every future Year, transmit an Account of all Sums of Money issued or paid by him or them to any Person or Persons, for the Publick Service, within the preceding Year, to the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Act; who shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to transmit Duplicates of the same to his Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, who shall immediately, on Receipt of such Accounts, put the several Sums so issued in Charge against the Parties, in like Manner as is now practised with respect to Persons who receive Money by way of Imprest, and on Account, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Accountant shall be allowed in his Account any Sum which he shall issue or pay Over to any Sub-accountants, unless he shall have transmitted to the said Commissioners regular Accounts thereof, in the Manner and within the Times above mentioned; unless Proof shall be produced, to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, that any Failure of transmitting the same did not happen from the wilful Neglect of the Person issuing or paying over the Money as aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas it is highly important, towards effecting the Purposes intended by this Act, that the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority thereof should be impowered to compel Accountants to bring forward their Accounts ;* be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, so often as they shall think ht, call upon such Persons to whom Sums of Money have been, or shall be so issued and paid, to render an Account of the same to them the said Commissioners, within a Time to be by them limited; and on Failure of the Accounts being delivered accordingly, within the Time so limited, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to include the Names of all such Defaulters in their Certificates, transmitted to the Office of his Majesty's Remembrancer, in order that the usual Process may issue thereupon; and also, in case they shall lee Cause, they are hereby required to give Notice thereof to his Majesty's Attorney General in England, his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, or his Majesty's Attorney General in any of the Colonies or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, as the Case may require,’in order that such Motions may be made by the said Officers to the Court of Exchequer, or other proper Court, and such further or other Process may be issued in order to his moving the Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland, or the proper Court in the Colonies or Plantations, for special Process to be issued against such Defaulter or Defaulters, as may be deemed necessary to compel him or them to deliver in his or their Accounts, as directed by the said Commissioners, unless upon Application of the Parties, their Agents or Attornies, to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing that Office, on a special Statement of Circumstances to justify Delay, the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, shall grant their Warrant to stay the Process for such reasonable Time as they shall think fit.

XX. And be it further enacted and declared, That every Sub-accountant to whom Money shall hereafter be issued for publick Services, in case the Money so ifiixed shall have been for Services to be performed in Great Britain, shall deliver in to the Office of the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, the Vouchers for the Expenditure thereof, together with an Account current, within three Months of the End of each Year from the Commencement of his Account, unless it has been usual for such Account to be made up to any fixed Period in the Year; in which Case they shall be delivered within thiee Months of the usual annual Time of the Determination of each Account respectively; and in case such Monies shall have been issued for Services to be performed in any Part of Europe out of this Kingdom, then the Vouchers shall be delivered within four Months of the Expiration of each Year’s Accounts; if in the West Indies, the Continent of America, or in Africa, within six Months after the Expiration of each Year’s Accounts; and if in the East Indies, within twelve Months after the Expiration of each Year’s Accounts; unless it shall in each and every Case be made appear, to the Satisfaction of tile Commissioners of the Treasury, that the Failure of transmitting the same, within the Periods before mentioned, was unavoidable; in which Cale such further Delay may be granted, by Warrant under the Hands of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, as they fh.dl judge reasonable; and in such Cases the Vouchers shall be delivered at the Expiration of the Term of Delay so granted, on Pain, upon Failure in any of the above mentioned cases, of paying such Fine to his Majesty as the Court of Exchequer, on Application made to them, shall think lit to set and impose^ which Fine the said Court is hereby authorised and impowered to let and impofo accordingly.

XXI. tr nd be it further enacted, That Proccls shall in no Case be issued from the Court of Exchequer, ag infl any Sub-accountant, who is to account to the principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance, or the pr ncit al k fficers Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's N ivy, or t. e Commissioners for Sick and Hurt, respectively, for Sums which have been issued to such Sub-ac:ountann by the Treasurer of the Ordnance, or the Treasurer of the Navy, without Directions being pre-vi nifty gnen for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, alter a Reference of their Cases to the Commissioners of the Hoards above mentioned respectively, and a Report made tiier upon. Provided always, That no Process shall issue against any such Sui -accountant until twelve Months I: all have elapsed from me Time of the making up the Accounts of the said Treasurer annually*

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Sub-accountant or Sub-accountants shall transmit to the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, asufficient and satisfoftory

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52—$4, 679

Discharge from the principal Officers of the Ordnance, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy, or the Commissioners of Sick and Hurt, for any Monies he or they shall have received in the said Departments severally, the said Commissioners shall transmit a Duplicate of the same to his Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, who shall forthwith strike out the Name or Names of such Sub-accountant or Sub-accountants from the Imprest Roll; and such Sub-accountant or Sub-accountants shall from thenceforth be discharged from any other or further Account for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Article shall be allowed in the Account of any l’erson intruded with the Expenditure of the rublick Money, without a written Voucher, or other Evidence of the actual Payment of every Sum so claimed to be allowed, notwithstanding any Allegation of Papers being lost or destroyed, except on Application to the Court of Exchequer, who shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, on such Application, to call before them, as well the said Commissioners, or some Person on their Behalf, as the Party accounting, and shall cause Notice thereof to be sent to his Majesty's Attorney General; and after hearing as well the Evidence, which shall be brought On the Part of the Crown by the said Attorney General, or the said Commissioners, as that which shall be brought on the Part of such Accountant, the said Court shall make such Order as they shall think fit; and the several Officers and Persons, whose Duty it shall be to audit and make up the Accounts, shall govern themselves accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That all official Books, Papers, and Accounts whatsoever, now remaining in either of the Offices of the Auditors of the Imprest, or which have been usually, or ought to have been kept therein, shall be deemed to be Publick Property, and shall be delivered over to the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this A eft.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Commissioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, during his Continuance irv such Office, be capable of being elected, or of fitting as a Member of the House of Commons;

charge from the Officers of Ordnance, Sec. their Names to be ftrock out of the Imprest Roil*

No Article to Be allowed in Accounts of Expen* ditureof Publick Money, without a written Voucher, See*

Books, &c. U the Auditor’s Officer to be delivered to the Commissioners*.

Commissioners not to fit in the House of Commoot.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for settling an Annuity of nine thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like Annuity payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum in Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands.

An Annuity of 9,000l. per Annum to be paid to the Duke of Gloucester, out of the Aggregate Fund; and to be paid quarterly. Commissioners of \ rcafury to direct the Auditor to make forth Debentures accordingly. Warrant, after signed, to be valid in Law. Commissioners of the Treasury, {5V. to do- all Things required by this Act, without Fee. The Receipt of the Duke of Gloucester, See. to be a Efficient Discharge."

CAP. LIV.

An Act for better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders.

WHEREAS there is great Reason to believe that many Vessels, laden with Coals at several of the

Out-ports of this Kingdom, are fraudulently entered Coastwise by the Mailers thereof, when such Coals are actually intended to be carried to foreign Parts; by which PraHice the Duties due, and which 4 -^.ght to have been paid down upon the Exportation of such Coals, are unjustly detained for a considerable Time; And whereas there is likewise Reason to believe that Fitters, or other Persons who vend or dediver Coals, frequently give to Ship Masters false Certificates of the Quantities of Coals shipped on board \Veikls in Great Britain^ entered Coastwise, as well as for Parts beyond the Seas, in order to evade the Payment of the Duties due upon the full Quantity of Coals so reipedhvcly shipped For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall not From Aug r* be lawful for any Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs in any 17S5, Coilerto/y Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to clear Coastwise, or for Parts &c. not to clear beyond the Seas, any Ship or Vessel whatsoeven, laden or in Part laden with Coals, Culm, or Cinders, nor CoaOwifr, &c.

sign, iliac forth, cr giant any Cocquet, Let-pals, Transuc, or other Dispatch or Dispatches of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for the clearing outwards, either for a coufling Voyage or a Voyage for Parts c.im.or c’n-beyond the Seas, any such Ship or Veiled, until the Mailer, Commander, or other Person or Persons dns, until the talcing Charge or Care of such Ship or Vessel, shall and do produce and deliver to the Collector, or other tinier Proper Officer of the Customs, at such Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek, within the Kingdom of Great j|vtrPr"l>«r Britain, where such Ship or Vessel is so laden, or i;i Part laden, as aforesaid, two Certificates from the

fitter or p itters, or other Person or Persons vending < r delivering the Coals, Culm, or Cinders, with which, such Ship or Vcife! shall be laden, or in Part laden, as aforesaid, espressing the real Quantity so vended and delivered; which Certificates every such itter, or other Person vending or delivering such Cords, Culm, or Cinders, as aforesaid, is hereby directed to give to every such Mailer or Commander as aforesaid, and which the said Collector or other proper Officer is hereby directed to lign, anil to enter and regiller in a publick.

Book to be kept by such Collector, or other proper Officer at the Custom House in the respective Port or

Place

68o

ope of *hich>

of cr bring filled, See. shall be returned to the Mailer,

Any Fitter, kc, fluking Default in delir:ring Certificates, to forfeit 50l.

Cliufe relative to Cools exported before the Ex-fort Duties ire f lid.

Upoti Preofof the Vessel being forced from the Coart into Foreign Parti, by contrary Wind?, *c.

a Certificate thereof to be granted to the lifter, that his Coast Bond may be discharged, &c.

Intry and Regirt er of Fitters Certificate to be Evidence, Tenalty how to be recovered end applied.

Defendant* miy plead the General Issue,

[Treble Costs.]

and recover

C. 54. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.I>.

Place where such Ship or Vessel is to be cleared outwards as aforesaid; one of which Certificates, after being lo signed, entered, and registered as aforesaid, shall be returned to the said Master, Commander, or other Person or Persons taking Charge or Care of such Ship or Vessel, and the other shall remain in the Custody of the said Collector, or other proper Officer in the Custom House aforesaid; and for the sinning, entering, and registering of such Certificates as aforesaid, the Sum of six Pence, and no more, shall be paid to such Collector, or other proper Officer \ to which said Register any Person or Persons shall and may have Recourse to fee and examine, without Pee or Reward.

IP And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in cafcany Fitter, or other Person vending or delivering Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall omit, or shall not give such Certificates as aforesaid, or [Lull give or make any false Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shipped or laden on board any Ship or Vessel whatsoever in Great Britain^ every such Fitter, or other Persons, flial!, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

IIP And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, in case any Coals, Culm, or Cinders, laden on board any Ship or Vessel, which shall be cleared Coastwise at any Port of Great Britain, shall upon any Pretence »whatsoever be delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due upon the Exportation thereof have been paid, the Mailer, Commander, or other Person or Persons taking Charge or Care of such ’Ship or Vessel, shall, before he be permitted to enter, or clear out his said Vessil Coastwise, or for Parts beyond the Seas, not only pay to the Collector, or other proper Officer, at the Port in Great Britain from whence the said Veiled is intended to be elcaied out as aforesaid, tile Duties which were due and payable upon the Exportation of such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, but also a further Sum of three Shillings for everyr Chaldron of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, Winchester Measure, which had been lo entered Coastwise as aforesaid, and delivered in fume Part beyond the Seas, to be applied and appropriated to the same Ui'es with the respective Duties now payable upon Coals, Culm, or Cinders exported.

IV. Provided nevertheless, if it shall appear, upon the Oaths of the Matter, together wdth the Mate, and two of the Mariners belonging to such Ship or Vessel, and who were on board at the Time {he was cleared Coastwise, and failed in her during the whole Voyage, taken in the open Custom House before the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officers of such Port (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same), that such Ship or Vessel was really and bona fide forced by contrary Winds, or other unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather, into such Parts beyond the Seas, and could not, by rcaibn of such Necessity and Distress, have proceeded with such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to some Port or Place in this Kingdom; which Proof shall be transmitted by such Officers to the respective Commissioners of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain from whence such Ship or Vessel was cleared Coastwise j and if it shall appear, to their Satisfaction, that such Vessel was lo forced into Parts beyond the Seas as aforesaid, the said respective Commissioners, or any four or more of them, shall and may order the Coleftor, or other proper Officer of the Customs, to whom the said Duties, and the said Sum of three Shillings for every Chaldron as aforesaid, shall have been paid as herein before directed, to grant the Master of such Ship or-Vessel a special Certificate thereof, in order that his Coast Bond may be discharged, and to return such respective Sum of three Shillings for every Chaldron so paid as aforesaid; but on Failure of the Proof herein before directed, or if the same shall not be satisfactory to the said Commissioners, such Bond shall and may be prosecuted ajid put in Suit; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Entry and Register of the Fitters Certificate, so directed as aforesaid, shall be accepted and admitted as, and taken to be full and complete Evidence of the Fact, in all Cases where the original Certificate is not produced.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalty in this Act mentioned shall and may be prosecuted, determined, and recovered, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and in the Court of Exchequer in Edinburgh respectively. wherein no EiToin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed; and one Moiety thereof mail be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to 'the Person or Persons who shall sue for or prosecute the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, that the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General lssue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and f>y the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall and for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law«

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. 681

CAP. LV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves or Mittens; and also certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty tha several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that ft may

be enacted*/ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and Dutieito beptfcfr eighty-five, there shall bej raised. levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, by Venders of unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; (that 0f0#1 is to say), All Persons uttering or vending in Great Britain, any Gloves or Mittens, made of Silk or Leather, or any other Material or Materials, shall annually take out a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner therein after prescribed:

For every Licence granted to any Person so uttering or vending such Gloves or Mittens, as aforesaid, there shall be charged a Stam^-duty of one Shilling:

For every Pair of Gloves or Mittens, made of Silk or Leather, or any other Material or Materials, above the Price or Value of four Pence, and not exceeding the Price or Value of ten Pence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by Retail in Great Britain, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Penny:

For every Pair of Gloves or Mittens, made of Silk or Leather, or /any other Material or Materials, above the Price or Value of ten Pence, and not exceeding the Price or Value of one Shilling and four Pence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by Retail in Great Britain, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of two Pence:

For every Pair of Gloves or Mittens, made of Silk or Leather, or any other Material or Materials, exceeding the Price or Value of one Shilling and four Pence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by Retail in Great Britain, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of three Pence.

For an annual Licence, 11.:

Fnr every Pair of Gloves or Mit-tem retailed, from 4 d. to iod.—id.: From 10 d. to 11* d.—z 4;

Above It. 4it -3 d-

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effcdi.ua] levying and collecting all the said Duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said Duties, as shall be requiftte in that Behalf, and to all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution, with relation to the said Rates and Duties herein before granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

ID. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Person whatsoever, required by this Act to be licensed, (nail, unlefe he or she be licensed in Manner herein after prescribed, utter, vend, or sell, any Gloves or Mittens, made of Silk, Leather, or any other Material or Materials, in Great Britain, upon Pain to forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or fonre Person duly authored by them, shall grant Licences to such Persons who shall apply for the same, to fell Gloves or Mittens, in any City, Town, or other Place within Great, for the Space of

one Year, to commence from the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that Day, and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-hve, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence; and all and every Person and Persons, who shall take out such Licence for foiling Gloves or Mittens, shall take out a fresh Licence for another Year, ten Days at least before the Expiration of that Year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or she shall continue to fell Gloves or Mittens; and shall in like Manner renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for the Stamps on such Licence, as long as he or she shall continue to fell Gloves or Mittens.

Duties to bt under the Manage-mem of the Commissioners of Stamps,

Person! selling Gloves or Mittens without a Licence, to forfeit 20l.

Two Comnaiffi »neri may grant

Licences,

Licences to Ira renewed annually.

boule, at the respective Place at which he or they keep such Gloves for Sale, to denoto that such Person

AH Perfoirt vending Gloves to have certain Words placed <in the Fronr of their Shops, Ac,

6&2

on Penalty of 5 I. for every Pair fold.

Penalty on affixing such Words without being licensed*

Who shall be deemed Retailer! of Cloves. Retailers of Gloves to apply to the Commissioners of Stamps for Tickets to be affixed onGlovcs,

Penalty on selling, &c. any Gloves without a proper Stamp*

Not to er'end

to one licensed Dealer selling to another.

Penalfv on taking off any St imp, or affixing she lime to any otherG love*, wrha fraudulent la'ent.

Penalty on buying or selling a r<y lue h uled

Tickets.

R >yer or teller i forming ag unft the other ffia't

Jje indemnified.

Glovers, in their

Fills, to make a f^pa-ate Charge for the Stamps.

Penalty ors

counteifeinog

Stamps* &c.

C. 53. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.B. 1785.

or Persons is a Dealer in Gloves, and licensed for that Purpose: And if any Person shall presume to fell any Gloves or Mittens by Retail, without fixing or* hanging out such Notice as aforesaid, every Person so vending or exposing to Sale any Gloves or Mittens shall, lor every Pair of Gloves or Mittens so fold} forfeit, and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and distributtd as herein after is directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons {haH cause the Words, Denier in Gloves, to be affixed or put on the Front of his, her, or their House or Shop, or Warehouse, without being licensed as aforesaid, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds.

VIII. And whereas Doubts may arise what Person or Persons may be considered as a Retail Dealer or Dealers in Gloves, within the Construction of this Aol,’ be it therefore enacted and declared, That all Persons who shall fell any less Quantity than twelve dozen Pair of Gloves or Mittens at one Time, to any one Person, shall be deemed a Retailer of Gloves.

VIII. And, in order to secure the Duty aforesaid,’ be it further enacted, That every Person, uttering or vending by Retail, or exposing to Sale, any Gloves or Mittens liable to the said Duty hereby imposed, shall apply to the Commissioners ol Stamps, or to the Officers appointed by them, for Paper Tickets, stamped with the several and respective Duties hereby imposed, to be parted or affixed, by the Person or Persons so uttering or vending by Retail such Gloves or Mittens as aforesaid, to the Intide of the Right Hand Glove or Mitten, in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall direct; and every Pair of Gloves or Mittens, uttered, vended, or sold by any Retail Dealer, shall have affixed upon the Inside of the Right Hand Glove of each such. Pair, such stamped 'Picket, Mark, or Device, in such Manner and Porr?, and in such Part thereof, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp-duties shall from Time to Time direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Retail Dealer shall vend, utter, fell, or expose to Sale, or if

any Person or Persons shall purchase, or receive in Exchange, for any other Article, any Gloves or Miitens, subject to the Stamp-duties hereby imposed, unless the Stamp.Ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall be affixed, and marked and {lamped as by this Act is directed, or that shall have- any 'Picket affixed thereto marked or {lamped with a Stamp or Mark of less Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed to be affixed every such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Pair of Gloves or Mittens so fold, uttered, or exposed to Sale, or so bought or received in Exchange, the Sum of twenty Pounds* to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed: And if the Party offending shall be a Retail Dealer, licensed pursuant to this Act, the said Cornnfoiioners of Stamps shall and may, if they Avail so think fit, after Conviction of the Offender, refuse to grant to such Offender any Licence in future.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A £1 contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person licensed in pursuance of this Act, who shall fell to any Retailer of Gloves or Mittens also licensed, any Gloves or Mittens, although the Stamp Ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall not be affixed, and marked and stamped as by this Act is directed.

XL And, to prevent the Mark or Stamp, hereby directed to be used, which has been fold with ofr affixed to any Pair of Gloves or Mittens, from being made use of again to affix to any other Pair of Gloves or Mittens,’ be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with intent to defraud his Majesty of the Duties hereby imposed, cut, tear, or take oft’, any Mark or Stamp, in respect whereof or by which any Duties are hereby payable for any Pair of Gloves or Mittens, or shall, with the like Intent* affix or pa lie on in any Glove or Mitten, any Ticket hereby directed to be stamped, the same having been once made use of for the Purpose aforesaid, and shall hereafter knowingly fell, utter, or expufe to Sale, any Pair of Gloves or Mittens with such Ticket so fraudulently cut from, taken off, or removed, then, so often and in every such Case, all and every Pci foil and Persons so offending in any of the Particular before mentioned, lnall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be recovered and applied as herein after is diiecfed.

XII. And, to prevent any Persons from selling or buying any Ticket or Tickets which have been before fold and made use of for denoting any of the Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing such Frauds,’ be it enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, fell or buy any such Ticket, in order to be again made use of, to be sold with and affixed to any Glove or Mitten liable to the Duty hereby imposed, every such Person so offending (half, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either Buyer or Seller of any such Ticket, or of any Pair of Gloves or Mittens not having the proper Ticket affixed thereto as aforesaid, shall inform against tho other Party concerned in buying or selling such Ticket, or such Glove or Mitten not having the proper stamped icket affixed thereto as aforesaid, the Party io offending shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed against, and shall be indemnified from the Penalties by him or her incurred.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Retail Dealer in Gloves and Alittefts shall deliver in any Bill or Charge for any Gloves or Mittens subject to the Duties hereby imposed, such Person or Persons shall make a distinct and separate Charge for the Stamp or Stamps which shall have been affixed to the Gloves or Mittens so charged in such Bill.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Murk, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or uled in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or referable the Iraprellion of the Jam, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with an Intent to defraud

1 his

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55.

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, with a counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeited; or it any Person shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Paid Duties; then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, IV*rer*indPro-Clauses, and all others Matters and Things, prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of *'&>* of form- Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and

Efted with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution °l

for raising, levying, colluding, and securing the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby im- PecuniaryPenat-posed, shall be divided and distributed (if sued for within the Space of six Calendar Months from the Time of *u:<i for of any such Penalty being incurred) in Manner following; one Moiety whereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall Moi" ty to*hu inform and sue for the same. ' Mijtfiy, and

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties, imposed on the other w the any Person or Persons for Offences committed against this Act, may be sued for and recovered in any of his informer* Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Penalties where Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court to be fuea lor, of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Ellbin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowedf

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Division or No Informer i#

Distribution of the Penalties as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby confined and restrided to the prosecuting any share

for the same within the Time herein before for that Purpose limited; and that in Default of such Prosecution within the Time aforesaid. no Informer or Informers shall have or be intitled to any Part 09

or Share of such Penalties, but that the Whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- Monthi. cessors, and shall be recoverable in Manner aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Any ne-gH>our-lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to inS may bear and determine any Offence against this Act which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty;

which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Com- o^nder« to pt-

plaint made in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either nSidc, and shall cuniary Pc-

examine into the Matter of P ad; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of oaUies.

the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement or Sentence

for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by this Act is directed, and to award and issue out his

Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender; and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within

six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be

found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of

three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied: And if any Person or Persons perf0fti aggrier*

shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he or they shall and ed may appeal to

|upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such the Quarter

Lotts as shall be awarded, in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace Sefflon1,

at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby impowered to summon Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgement of such

Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons ro pay such Costs,

wcalioned by such Appeal, as to them shall teem meet.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sum- Penalty on wir* roonedasa Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching neilVi *ho shall any?f the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons *f£Je^io.«ppcar. acceded, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, with-out areasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, mat then every such Person shall for-teit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; to be levied and paid in tuch Manner, and by such YvfraS ^ereul before directed as to other Penalties.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace How Jurtfcei riT°iuW^10n3 anF Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made cut in Proceed for c?n-e Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect matatis mutandis: *i#jonof Of-(that is to say :) Underu

« remembered. That on the

, ff. in the County of Majesty's Justices of I XIV. Part V.

Day of in the Year of our Lord Form of Cm*

yf. B. of was convicted before me C.D. one of his

the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was com-

T

mined,

6$4

Justice may nii-tijate Peiulticr.

Duties to tie paid iato the Exchequer*

and entered separate from alt there.

Application

thereof.

Recital of Geo. c. if.

The recked Act extended to all Foreign Leather cut or prepared in order to be madeintoGlovet m Mittt.

Defendant* may

plead the General Wot,

end hart Treble CoOa.

35 !li«.

Said Act repealed*

v

C. 55, 56. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

mitted, for that the said A\ B, on the Day of now last past, did [here Jlau the

Offence as the Case may be], contrary to the Statute in that Case made and provided 5 and I do declare and adjudge that he the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain,

for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of -

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and Icllen any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than one Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thin^ contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding j and no such Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties now charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid: And that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever > and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Vi ft Halting, and Trarsport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

XXV. And whereas by an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mitts in this Kingdom, several Forfeitures and Penalties were inflicted to prohibit and prevent the Importation and Sale of Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves and Mitts in this Kingdom: And whereas the good Purposes intended by the said Act may be evaded by the Importation of Foreign Leather which is not completely made into Gloves and Mitts, but is cut into the Form of Gloves and Mitts, called Shapes or Tranks, to the great Detriment of many of his Majesty's Subjects, who are employed in the Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mits :9 For Remedy whereof, be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said recited Act shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all Foreign Leather cut into the Form of Gloves or Mitts, called Shapes or Tranks, or which shall be cut or prepared in any other Manner or Form, in order to be made into Gloves or Mitts, and are not proper or fit to be used for, and applied to any other Purpose whatsoever; and the several. Penalties and Forfeitures inflibted by the said recited Act, and every Clause and Provilb therein contained, unless in any Case where any Alteration has been made by any subsequent Act of Parliament which is now in force, shall be applied, practised, and carried into Execution, for the Purpose by this Act intended, as fully and effectually as if the said recited Act, and every Article, Clause, and Proviso thereby enabled, bad been again repeated and inserted in this present Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or mayplead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become non-suited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for more effectually preventing Deceits and Frauds in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Deceit used in making and selling of twice-laid Cordage; and for the better preserving of the Navy of this Realm): which Act hath been found insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended; and various other Deceits and Frauds are frequently practised in die manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping: And whereas such Deceits and Frauds might be prevented for the futurer if the said Act was repealed, and (bme further and other Provisions and Regulations given and made for that Purpose May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the above mentioned Act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

e

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56. 685

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of July> no Person or Per- N° Person fons whomsoever shall use or cause to be used in the manufacturing of Cables, Hawsers, or other Ropes, for jPjke or fellanJr the Use of Shipping, or shall knowingly vend or sell any Cables, Hawsers, or other Ropes, for the Use cHf nfogin Shipping, in the manufacturing whereof there shall be used any Hemp, usually known or distinguished by whfeb any Hemp the respective Names or Descriptions of Short Chucking, Half Clean, Whale Line, or other Loppings, i* used called Codilla, damaged Hemp bought at publick or other Sales, or any Hemp whatsoever, from which the Staple Short Chucking, Part thereof shall have been taken away by the Manufacturer; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the *c# said twenty-fifth Day of July, use or cause to be used, in the manufacturing of any Cable, Hawser, or other Rope, for the Use of Shipping, or shall knowingly vend or sell any Cable, Hawser, or other Rope, for the Use of Shipping, in the manufacturing whereof there shall be used any Hemp, usually known or distinguished by the refbective Names or Descriptions of Short Chucking, Half Clean, Whale Line, or other Toppings,

Codilla, damaged Hemp bought at publick or other Sales, or any Hemp whatsoever, from which the Staple

Part thereof shall have been taken away determined by the Manufacturer, every such Person, being the Manufacturer of such Cable, Hawser, or other Rope, shall forfeit and lose every such Cable, Hawser, or other Rope, and on Penalty of

also a Sum of Money equal to Treble the Value thereof; and every Person who shall knowingly vend or sell Forfcilurc* &c#

such Cable, Hawser, or Rope as aforesaid, not being the Manufacturer thereof, shall forfeit a Sum of Money

equal to Treble the Value thereof.

III. And, for the better distinguishing the Quality of Cables, Hawsers, and other Ropes, for the Use of Shipping,* be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of Juh\ whenever any Cordage to be Cable, Hawser, or Rope as aforesaid, shall be manufactured in the Whole, or in Part, of any Hemp, the dioln&uiffied Use whereof is not prohibited by this Act, and the Staple and Quality whereof shall be inferior to clean Pe- s.taPlc or terjburgh Hemp, such Cable, Hawser, or Rope as aforesaid, shall be deenqedand taken to be inferior Cord- nor* age, and the Manufacturer thereof shall distinguish such Cable, Hawser, or Rope as aforesaid, by running into the same, from End to End of each Cable, three tarred-mark Yarns, spun with Turn contrary to that of Rope Yarn, and also one like tarred Yarn in every other Rope, for the Use of Shipping, and by marking or writing on the Tally thereof the Word Staple or Inferior, as the Case shall be; and every Manufacturer making Default herein shall forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for every Hundred Weight of such Cable, Hawser. or Rope.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of fuly, whenever any Manufacturer* new Cable, Hawser, or other Rope for the Use of Shipping, shall be vended or sold by the Manufacturer or to affix their Manufacturers thereof, there shall be affixed thereon a Tally, containing his or their Name or Names, signed Names, &c. to by him or themselves, or his or their Attorney or Attornies, together with the Name of the Place where the same shall have been manufactured; and if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or any other Person or 0* penait/0f7 Persons whomsoever, shall vend or sell any such Cable, Hawser, or other Rope, without having such Tally j0s. per Hun-thereon as aforesaid, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum often Shillings for every Hundred Weight, dred Weight thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Rope Maker or Rope Makers shall put, or wilfully or know- Penalty on put-ingly permit or suffer to be put, his or their Name or Names on the Tally of any Cable, Hawser, or other ting a false Rope for the Use of Shipping, not being his or their own proper manufacturing, or if the Vender or Pro- Nametoany prietor of any such Cable, Hawser, or other Rope as aforesaid, or any other Person whomsoever, shall wil- ordage* fully and knowingly put or mark, upon the Tally to be affixed thereon, the Name or Names of any Person

or persons, not being the Manufacturer or Manufacturers thereof, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make, or cause to be made, any Cables Penalty on mak-of any old or worn Stuff, which shall contain above seven Inches in Compass, then every Person so offending shall forfeit and I ok: four Times the Value of every such Cable so by him or her made, or caused to be 0 tu c* made, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which Penalties and shall exceed the Sum of five Pounds, shall and may be recovered by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, Forfrj-ureshow in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record atwherein no Efibin, Privilege, Protection, Wager ^db'rc[.^crci ot Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or.allowed; and that all pecuniary Penalties or For- *D app 16 % tenures, by this Act imposed, which mall not exceed the Sum of five Pounds, shall be levied and recovered

by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the P«aee for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Offender or Offenders shall reside, which Warrant every such Justice is hereby impowered to gri.n, upon the Information or Testimony of two-or more credible Witnesses upon Oath; and the Overplus 'if any) of the Money ariffng by such Distress and Sole, shall be rendered, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels after deducting the reout the Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale; and in case sufficient Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders cannot be found, and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice Ihnl], and is hereby authorised to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than seven Days, or until such Penalty or Forfeiture, and all Cdfts and Charges attending the same, be paid; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and alto all Cordage which shall be forfaited, in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid and delivered to the Person or Persons who shall fiie or prosecute for the fame; and it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to fell, or othenvile uhpose of such Cordage (after being cut into Lengths, not exceeding twelve Feet), to and for his or their own Use and Benefit,.

*ny Tiling herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. ' v

6«6

Vessels belonging to British Subject, hiring on board Foreign'made Cordage, to make Entry thereof on entering into any British Poru

Penalty on Default.

Not to extend to Cordage brought from the East Indies, Ike.

Personi aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Proceedings not to be quashed, nor Distress deemed unlawful, for want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

O56. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

VIII. And whereas, by virtue of the Laws now in being, certain Duties are charged upon or payable for or in respect of Foreign-made Cordage imported into this Kingdom: And whereas the Matters of British Ships and Vessels, navigated into this Kingdom, do frequently use and import great Quantities of Cordage made and manufactured in Foreign Parts, without paying the said Duties for or in respect thereof, to the great Prejudice of the Manufacture of Cordage for Shipping Within this Kingdom, and to the Dimi- nution of the publick Revenue For preventing the like Practice for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of July, whenever any Ship or Veiled belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects resident in Great Britain or any of thz British Colonies, having on board any Foreign-made Cordage, shall be navigated into any Port within this Kingdom, the Matter of such Ship or Vessel shall, at the Time of making his Entry or Report of inch Ship or Vessel at the Custom-house where the same shall be entered, also make an Entry or Report, upon Oath, of all the Foreign-made Cordage on board of such Ship or Vessel, for or in respect of which the said Duties shall not have been before paid ({landing and running Rigging in Use excepted); and such Matter shall, before such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared by the Officers of the Customs inwards, where any Discharge shall be made of her Lading, pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the like Duties for or in relped of all such Foreign-made Cordage as shall be specified or mentioned in the said Entry br Report, as by the Law's now in being are diarged upon or payable for or in respect of any Foreign-made Cordage imported into this Kingdom; and if the Matter of any such Ship or Vessel shall make Default herein, all such Foreign-made Cordage as aforesaid as shall be on board such Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and such Matter shall for every such Offence, also forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Hundred Weight thereof.

IX. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall be deemed, construed, or taken to charge or make liable any Captain or Matter of any Ship or Vessel coming from the Eq/l Indies, with any Duty for or upon Account of such Ship or Vessel having any Foreign-made Cordage on board, such Cordage having been, by such Captain or Matter, actually brought from the EcJi Indies.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act1 contained shall extend to the Materials at present in the Use of any Ships or Vessels that were built abroad before the passing of this Act, and are the Property of the Subjects of Great Britain.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief is herein before appointed, such Person may, within four Calendar Months after such Matter or Thing shall have been so done, appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, to be holden for die County, City, or Place, wherein the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, the Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, fourteen Days Notice at the lead in Writing, of his or her Intention to exhibit such Appeal, and the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, and, within four Days after giving such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace lor such County, City, or Place, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide by the Order of, and pay such Coils as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be binding, final, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

X1L Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, judgement, or other Proceeding, made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, 6r touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable, by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding: And where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassere ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in any Action upon the Case; provided that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover, in any Action, for Inch Irregularity, if sufficient Tender of Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County, City, or Place, where the same shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be commenced, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, cr shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then in and every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be non-suited, or fufter a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant ox Defendants

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 57, 58. 687

shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be givdn agairtft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant Treble Costs. or Defendants hath or have for Coils of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Jufldces, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to exempt Carriages, carrying the Mail, from paying Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great Britain.

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing particular Roads in this Kingdom,

Carriages, Horses, and other Cattle, employed in the Conveyance of the Mail or Packet, are exempt

from the Payment of the Tolls directed to tie levied by such Acts: And whereas, by several other Acts of

Parliament, Horses only that are employed in carrying the Mail or Packet are exempt from the Payment of the said Tolls: And whereas it may be of Advantage to the Publick that the Mail, or Packet, should be conveyed '* to different Parts of the Kingdom by Carriages or Publick Diligences, which renders it expedient that all

Carriages, as well as Horses and other Cattle, conveying the Mail or Packet from one Part of this Kingdom to another, should be exempt from the Payment of Tolls at all and every Turnpike, Toll-gate, or

Bar, crclled or set up by Authority of Parliament be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, all Carriages of what Description soever, or Horses, which (linll be employed in conveying from one Part of this Kingdom to another the Mail or Packet, which shall be made up under the Authority or Direction of his Majesty's Postmaster General, or his Deputy or Deputies, Pnal) he, and the lame are hereby exempted, freed, and discharged from the Payment of any Tolls whatsoever that shall or may be demanded for the Passage of Carriages or Horses, through any Turnpike,

Toll-gate, or Bar, at which any Toll is collected by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force; and all Turnpike Keepers or Toll Collectors are hereby directed and required to permit such Carriages and Horses to pals through all and every Turnpike, Toll-gate, or Bar, without demanding any Toll or Duty for lb-doing j any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late King George the Kirlt, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British in Foreign $ Geo. x. c. str-

Parts-, and better fettering the Duties upon Salt, it is, among other Things, enacted, That a certain Bounty should be paid for every Calk or Vessel of Pilchards, exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, under the Re (trillions and Regulations in the said All mentioned: And whereas by another Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of the late King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies the Funds that may hap- j Geo. c. 10.

pen thereby, and for charging the reduced Annuity, payable to the East India Company, on the Aggregate

Fund-, and for Relief s/Aiattnew Lyon Executor of Matthew P age dec

‘ lojlby the overflowing of the River A'lerfey, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four; further Provisions are made for the Continuance, and respecting the Payment of the before mentioned Bounty:

And whereas it has been found, by Experience, that the Pilchard Fishery hath oflate Years been decreaf- ing, and great Lolles have been foftained by the Adventurers concerned in the Bid Fishery, insomuch that the Number of such Adventurers, and of the Craft therein employed, is considerably diminished; and ‘ there is Reason to apprehend, that the Benefit arising from the said Fishery to the Trade and Navigation of this KingJoin may be wholly loft, unless a further Bounty be allowed for a limited Time;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for every' Calk or Vessel of Pilchards, The Scuntv of containing fifty Gallons, and so in Proportion fora greater or lesser Quantity thereof, which shall be ex- 71. on ih« Exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, between the twenty-fifth-Day of portion of Pil. June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-live, and the twenty-fifth Day o one thousand seven hun- chlrdt> dred and eighty-six, upon which the Person or Persons exporting the same shall be infilled to the Bounty of *? seven Shillings, by virtue of or under the said two several Acts herein before mentioned, an additional Bounty between*1l'f«ne cl I'?'0 Shillings shall be paid and payable to such Person and Persons, so intitled to the said Bounty of seven 17s, and ohiilingj, at such Times, in such Manner, by such Person and Persons, and out of such Monies as the said Jun* 25. 17So. of seven Shillings is,- by the said two several Acts, or either of them, directed to be paid.

J*- Provided always, and be it enacted, That the same Rules and Regulations shall be in force with E<ltt, J,'oni!». respell to the Pilchards exported within the "Time herein before mentioned, in order to prevent die relandinsr 01

® Geo. i. co pre.

W Tent the Jcktrf'-

,688

ng of Pilchard*, to be in force with respect to this Act.

Clause relative to Fish loft or ./foiled.

Reciting that Certain Vessels employed in the

Pilchard Fishery are subject to Forfeiture by *4 Geo. 3. c 47.

Collectors of Salt Duties in any Port, &c, to grant Licences to the Owners of such 'Vessels, on proper Security being given*

Conditions of the Bond*

Defendants may plead the General UTue,

and reciter Double Colb*

[Publick Act.]

C. 58, gg. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

or reimporting thereof, and the Owners thereof Avail be subject to the same Penalties, in case of relanding, or any other fraudulent Proceedings, in order to obtain the said Bounties granted and payable by this Act, as, by the said Act passed in the tilth Year of the Reign of the late King George the Fit ft, are prescribed and inflicted, with regard to Fish cured in and exported from that Part of Great Britain called England.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Fish, intitled to the Bounty granted ‘by this Act upon Exportation thereof, shall be loaden for Exportation, and duly entered and passed by the proper Officer, and the said Fish shall be loft or spoiled before the Ship’s proceeding on her Voyage, then the proper Officer of the Port or Ports, where such Fish lo loft or (polled was or shall be entered, shall, upon due Proof thereof, made upon Oath before any of the Chief Officers of such Port (who are hereby impowered to administer the same), by the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Fish, or his or their Agents, give a Debenture for the Bounty granted oy this Act, as if such I ifh had been actually exported to Parts beyond the Seas; provided that the said Fish was sunk in the Sea or Port where the said Ship was lost or destroyed, in the Sight of the proper Officer, where any of the said Fish shall come ashore, and that no Use be made of the said Fish ’by the Proprietor or Proprietors, or his or their Agents; and the said Officer is hereby required to cause such Tifh to be burnt, or otherwise destroyed; any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas many Vessels or Boats, the Length of which is greater than in the Proportion of three Feet and an Half to one Foot in Breadth, are commonly employed, and are necessary to be employed in the Pilchard Fishery *, which Vessels or Boats, together with all the Goods laden thereon, and their Tackle and Furniture, are subjected to Forfeiture, by an Act made it* the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, unless the same are licensed as the said Act directs: And whereas it is expedient that an easy Method of obtaining such Licences should be provided for the Owners of such Vessels or Boats, Adventurers in the said Fishery;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (h.iU and may be lawful for the Officer, appointed to collect the Duties on Salt in any Port, Harbour, or Creek in this Kingdom, and every such Officer is hereby directed and required, upon Demand of the Owner or Owners of such Vessel or Boat, and Security given as herein after mentioned, to grant to such Owner or Owners of such Vessel or Boat a Licence, to be subscribed by such Officer, specifying the Tonnage of such Vessel or Boat, and describing the Built thereof with respect to Length and Breadth, and who is or are the Owner or Owners thereof; which Licence the ;said Officer is hereby required duly to register, and no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, shall be demanded or received for the granting of such Licence, nor for the registering of the same; and the Owner and Owners of such Vessel or Boat shall give sufficient Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of such Vessel or Boat, to be approved by, and to the Satisfaction of such Officer, (which Bond the said Officer is hereby directed and required to provide, without demanding or receiving any Fee or Reward for the same, except the Stamp-duties payable thereupon), with Condition that such Vessel cr Boat shall not be employed in the Importation or Landing of any Tea or Foreign Spirituous Liquors, or any prohibited or other Goods, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or of any other Act, or in the Exportation of any Goods which are or may be prohibited to be exported from this Kingdom, or in the relanding of any Goods whatsoever, contrary to Law, which are entered outwards for Exportation, for any Drawback or Bounty, or which are or may be prohibited to be used or worn in Great Britain j on Failure whereof such Licence shall be void and of no Force or Effect, and such Vessel or Boat shall be liable to Seizure and Prosecution, in the same Manner as if no such Licence had been granted.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time, be filed or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this AcP, he or they shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matters in Evidence for his Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become non-suit, discontinue, or forbear profocuting the said Actions, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; for which Costs, he shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Coils are by Law given to Defendants.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all Courts of Law, as a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

630,000l.]

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 60. 689

CAP. LX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, between Great Britain and Ireland.

2,297,460l. 3 s. 10 d. 2 q. granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year; to be w issued by the Treasury accordingly. Treasury impowered to raise the Sum of 2,297,460 /. 3 s. 10d. zqm 4t or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Sinking Fund, if it shall be judged more advisable, the Treasury may raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loans; and the Bills in such Case to be made in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Ad of this Session. All Advan-4C tages and Penalties in the said Act of this Session, relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this Act. The laid Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, are to be paid out of the Sinking Fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of 2,297,460l. 3 s. 10d.

44 zq. notwithstanding an Act of 5 and 6 Gul. (A Maria. The Sum of 702,539 /. 16s. id. zq. remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 1785; 66,161 /. 3 s. ^d. zq. Overplus of Grants for 1784; and 238,928 /.

44 16 ;. 3 d. now remaining in the Exchequer, shall be applied towards making good the Supply. 231,578 /.

44 18 s. 2 d. remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General, shall be applied towards defraying extraor- dinary Expences of Land Forces, i(Ac. from December 25, 1783, to December 24, 1784. The Monies arising by the Malt Ad, Land Tax, Loans (1,500,000l.), further Loans (i,oooo, ooooi.j, further Bills 44 (1,000,000l.), Lottery Ad-, 702,539l. 16 j. i a. zq. remaining in the Exchequer, April j, 1785 62,161 /.

44 3 j. 5d. zq. Overplus of Grants in 1784; 238,928l. 16s. 3 d. remaining in the Exchequer; and 44 *,297,460 /. 3 s. 10 s. 2 q. by this Act granted out of the Surpluses of the Sinking Fund; shall be applied 44 (with the Residue of the Monies arising from the Sale of French Prizes, &c.) to the Uses following: 44 2,551,307l. 17 s. 2 d. towards Naval Services; 42,035l. 13 s. 8 d. for the Charges of the Office of Ord~* 44 nance, not provided for in 1784 5 350,820l. 1 s. 9d. for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, for 1785; 44 2,054,684l. to s. 10 d. and five-eighth Parts of a Penny, towards maintaining the Land Forces, &c.; of which 655,963 /. 4*. 3 d. for defraying the Charge of 18,053 effective Men, including 2,030 Invalids, and also Officers, Agency, &c.; 222,0211. 4 j. \ d. for Forces in Plantations, &c. fox 1785; 6,355 44 8 J. for defraying the Difference between the British and Irish Establishment of fix Battalions of Foot, 44 (Ac.: 6,968 /. 9 s. 9 d\ advanced to a Regiment of Light Dragoons, (A c.^ for 1785; 25,784 /. 8 s. 9 d. zq,

for Supernumerary Officers, &c. for 1785; 6,236l. 10 s. 6d. for General Staff Officers, for 1785^ 44 74,221 L 14 s. c d. for Allowance to the Paymaster General, &c. for Exchequer Fees, &c. for 1785; 44 8,904l. 6r. 6 a. for five Battalions of Hanoverian Infantry!; 191,226l. or, 6d. for Chelsea Pensioners, 44 1785, 69,291 /. 9*. 6d. for Subsidies to the Landgraveof Hejfe Cajfefhc. for 1785; 50,989l. 2 5. 7d. to make good a Deficiency to the Landgrave of Hejji Cafjel; 13,027 /. 7 r. 6 d. for Pensions to Officers Wldows;

44 7*737l. 18 s. id. $ q. for several Battalions of Foot; 197,703l. 7 s. 10 d. for reduced Officers; 335l.

44 i^s.+d. for Officers and Private Gentlemen of Horse Guards reduced, &c.; 57,800l. i s. nd. for Commissioned Officers of British American f orces; 736 /. 11 s. 6 d. for British American Forces, in- n83; 4,308 /. 11 s. 3 d. for ditto, in 1784; 3,535/- or 6 d. for Officers late in the Service of the States General; 451,537l. ior. 1 d. for Extraordinaries, &c. from December 25, 1783, to Due miter 25, 1784;

44 1,500,000l. for pay ing off the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act 24 Geo. III. 1,000,000l.

for paying off Bills made out by virtue of another Act of the same Year; 7,066l. i8 r. 3 d. issued in pursuance of Addresses of the House of Commons; 25,000l. towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House; 2,950 /. for East Florida; 3,976l. 17 r, 6 d. for Nova Scotia, for 1785; 1,9001, for the Island of 44 St. John; 2,550l. for Cape Breton; 2,370l. for the Bahama islands; 1,592l. 1 r. 10 d. for the Chief Justice of Somers islands, &c.; 6,356l. 17r. for New Brunswick in America; 13,000l. for maintaining Forts on the Coast of Africa; 9,000l. for the Commissioners of Publick Accounts; 3,200l. to make good the like Sum paid to the Secretaries of the said Commissioners, &c. 3,000l. for affiffing the Le~ 44 vant Company; 800 /. for completing a Road in North Britain; 5,489l. 17 s. for General Murray, late

3 s. 6d. i q.

such Ferions

of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 31 Geo. II.; 159,620l. 1 s. 9 d. 1 q. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 18 Geo. III.; 122,730l. 4l. 8^/. to K owke good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 19 Geo. III.; 158,5ci /. V> it d.to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 20 Geo. j.

" II+,2tA

650 C. 6o, 61. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 7 sj;

<4 114,214l. 4;. 3 d. zq. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 44 22 Geo. III.; 617,466l. 10 s. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 23 Geo. III.; 24,044l. to make good the Deficiency of a Fund far paying Annuities granted by am Act 24 Geo. III. The said Aids to be applied only to the Lies before mentioned. Rules to be ob- served in the Application of the Half-pay. By an Act 24 Geo. III. a Sum not exceeding 75,116l. 44 18 s. 6 d. and a Sum not exceeding 130,300l. wore appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers. Over- plus Monies, above satisfying said Officers, to be ditpoied of to Oiiicers who were maimed, &V. in 44 the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Akjeity shall direct."

Rccuilof XXVIII, A^D whereas, by an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 4 Geo. 3. 4* jLjl (intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Aoujes in relation to the finding and receiving

of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage), it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the 1 Clerks in the Offices of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to frank printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, to be sent by the Poll: in such Manner as they had theretofore been accustomed: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of *4 Geo. 3. c. 8, ‘ his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland), the said recited Clause is repealed, whereby the Privilege enjoyed by such Clerks of franking printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, into Ireland is wholly taken away f as a Recompence therefore for the Loss of such Privileges, and as a Compcmatiop for the Advantages heretofore arising therefrom, be it froA-office to further enacted, That there shall be, and is hereby charged upon the Revenues arising in the General Letter-Am,'To0 !h,rSf. office or P°tt-°ffice, or Office of Postmaster General, the Sum of one tiioufond Pounds per Annum, which creuricscfState* shall he payable thereout to Ins Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, in equal to be distrU>uted Proportions, to be distributed by such respective Secretaries of State among the Clerks in their Offices; fey themamongst which said annual Sum shall be made in quarterly Payments, to be computed from the fifth Day of July their Clerk*. one thousand seven hundred and cightv-four; and that the Receiver General of the Revenues of the Post-office for the Time being shall, upon any Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manila1, countersigned by any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time, make such quarterly Payments to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by such Secretaries of State for the Time being to receive their respective Proportions of the said annual Sum; such Person or Persons producing and delivering to such Receiver a Receipt or Receipts under the Hants of such Secretaries of State, and which Receipt or Receipts shall be a full Acquittance and Discharge to such Receiver for the Payment of the Sum or Sums mentioned therein.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to authorise the Lord Steward of the Household, the Lord Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty, to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances.

WHEREAS several Servants of his late and present Majesty have been discharged from the Employments they held severally, in the Departments of the Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain, Matter of the Horse, and Matter of the Robes, and the Offices of other Persons in the said Departments have been suppressed; to which Servants and other Persons, who have been so discharged, or whose Offices have been so suppressed, his Majesty was graciously pleased to command, that certain Allowances should be paid quarterly, under the Name of a Bounty: And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased to add to the Lists of the Persons above mentioned, in the respective Departments aforesaid, sundry Persons who have been Officers or Servants, and have been disabled or superannuated in his Service, and, in some cases, the Widows or Children of Servants dying in his Service: And whereas his Majesty has yearly, and every Year, been graciously pleased to grant the Sum of one thousand two hundred Pounds, to be distributed in small Sums among such Female Objects in Distress, as the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury should, from Time to Time, direct: And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-leconJ tt Geo. 3*0.82. < Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to discharge the Debt controlled upon his Civil List Rracnues; and for preventing the same from bring in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Ljjl; sundry Offices have been suppressed and abolished, but the Holders or Occupiers of many of the said Offices have, under the Authority of the said Act, been allowed Compensations, which, under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, have been paid quarterly by the proper Officers appointed for that Purpose within the respective Departments of the Lord Steward of the Household, Lord Chamberlain, Matter of the Horse, and Master of the Robes: And whereas it is, among other Things, by the said recited Act enacted, That no Pension whatsoever, on the Civil Establishment, shall thenatter be paid but at the Exchequer, and in the same Manner as those Pensions which were then paid and entered at the Exchequer under the Head, Title, and Ddcription of Pensions; and for the better Prevention of all Practices, by which such Grants as of Bounty might be made a Colour under which Pensions might l e 4 substantially granted, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, it was provided, That at.y

ss.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 61 - 63. 691

Sum or Sums of Money, so given as of Royal Bounty to any Person more than once in three Years,

should be reputed a Pension: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, according to the strict Letter of the said recited Act, the several Bounties and Compensations aforesaid may net be considered as 1 4 Pensions which ought to be payable at the Exchequer only, and whether the several Officers who have

! 4 hitherto paid the lame are legally justified in the Payment thereof; but as all such Bounties are of final]

annual Amount, and payable to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances, who are not within the

Meaning of the said recited Act \ and as all such Compensations were so calculated, as that the Parties

should receive the Whole thereof, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, the Transfer of such Bounties and Compensations for Payment at the Exchequer would be attended with much Inconvenience and considerable Expence / be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Bounties of the Description aforesaid, already given All Bountiei ai-or granted, or which may hereafter be given or granted, and all Compensations given and granted to Per- dy £iv'n fons who heretofore held Offices which have been suppressed or aboKihed, for and in respect of their respective before^ j Offices so suppressed or abolished, shall not be transferred for Payment at the Exchequer, but be paid and J^whichfoTlI

I continue to be paid within the several Departments of the Lord Steward of the Household, Lord Cham- hereafter be

berlain, Master of the Horse, Master of the Robes, and Treasury respectively, by the proper Officer in mayenn-

each of the said Departments appointed for that Purpose, as they heretofore lately have been; and that it l,nu* tobe£a,< ‘‘j shall and may be lawful to and for the Comm i (boners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of steward

them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, from Time to Time to issue such Sum and Sums of '

M Money as shall be necessary for the Payment of such Bounties and Compensations, within the respective

1 Departments aforesaid; and that all and every Sum and Sums of Money already paid, or hereafter to be

paid, by the respective Officers in the several Departments aforesaid, for or on Account of such Bounties and M Compensations, Avail be allowed to them respectively, in their several Accounts, by the Auditors and all

f j other Persons having the auditing and passing thereof; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act,

to the contrary thereof in any wtie notwithstanding.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for reducing the Allowances for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sark; for repealing the Laws allowing the Use of soul Salt for Manure only; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts; for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from the Isle of Man; for better securing the Duties on Salt; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt.

[Preamble*

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for Eaje of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon 5 Ann. c. 29* Salty and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of White Herrings, Flejli, Oatmeal, and Gram called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon Exportation of the like from Scotland, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That any Merchant or Person who shall Chip any English Salt or Rock Salt, to be carried Coal 1:wife, from one Port of England or Wales, or Port of Berwick upon Tweed, to any Port of England or Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall have an Allowance after the Rate of three Bushels for every forty Bushels of English White Salt, and after the Rate of one Bushel and an Half for every forty Bushels of English Rock &alt; and an Allowance of four Bushels for every forty Bushels of White Salt, and of two Bushels for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt, exported in Manner therein prescribed from England to Ireland, in Consideration of the ordinary Waste in the Carriage thereof: And by another'

Act of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her laid late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,

An Act to explain the Act of the last Session of Parliament for the Eaje of her Mujrjty's Subjects in relation 6 Ain. c. 12. t* Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt carried Coajhvfe; and qlfo an Act of the jvjt Year of her Maje/ifs Iin relation to certain Salt-works near the Sea fine and Bay of Holyhead in the County of Anglelen, ffie firit mentioned Allowance for Waste is extended to all Salt carried Coastwise twenty Miles or more Sea, or from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, to Lorjoejhff or Southvjoli Bay in the County of Suffolk, although the Place to which the said Salt mould be carried be a Member or v-reek of the Port from whence the same was first shipped oft': And whereas by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional ao; Geo. 3. C. 34, V'- upon Salt; and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to the Isle of Man; the Exporter or Proprietor Vyhite Salt and Rock Salt to the ljh of Man is allowed four Bushels for every forty Bushels of ^kite Salt, and two Bushels for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt, in Consideration of the ordinary v the Carriage thereof, upon the Terms mentioned in the said Act in that Behalf; And whereas

6gi

Allowance’ for Wade on Salt reduced*

Recital of 2 & 3 Arm, c. 14.

10 Geo. 3. c. 34.

Provisions of the lift mentioned Act relative to exporting Salt to the )ile of Man, extended to Jer* Icy, &c. Allowance of Wade on Salt exported to said Ifiandi, reduced.

5 Ann. c. 8.

Penalty on Persons in whose Possedion Sale

brought »rom Scotland by Land Hull be found.

C. 63. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

it is found, by Experience, that the said Allowances far exceed the real Waste, and that many Op- portunities are thereby given of evading the Payment of the several Duties on Salt, and the Payment thereof is thereby daily evaded, to the great Diminution of the said Duties / be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, each and every of the said several Allowances for Waste on White Salt and Rock Salt carried Coastwise, or shipped or exported to Ireland^ or the Isle of Man, be reduced and lessened; and that, instead of the said several Allowances before mentioned, there be allowed from thenceforth for Waite on White Salt and Rock Salt, carried Coastwise not lets than twenty Miles by Sea* after the Rate of one Bushel for every forty Bushels of White Salt^ and after the Rate of Half a Bushel for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt, and no more, and in that Proportion for a greater or lets Quantity j and for Waite on White Salt and Rock Salt exported to Ireland, and the Isle of Man, after the Rate of two Bushels for every forty Bushels of White Salt, and after the Rate of one Bushel for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt, and no more, and in that Proportion for a greater Of less Quantity, the Persons who claim the said Allowances hereby given producing such Certificate as is by the said former Acts required, any Thing in the said Acts, or any other* to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that no Allowance whatsoever be from thenceforth made for Waste on any oak carried Coastwise by Sea less than twenty Miles*

II. And whereas, by an Amade in the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salty it is (amongst other Things) enacted and declared, That any Person exporting any Salt to Scotland, the Isle of Manr or the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, according to the Directions of the several Acts relating to the said Duties upon Salt, is and shall be intitled to a Drawback of the Duties of the Salt so exported, in such Manner as in case of the Exportation of Salt to any other foreign Parts: And whereas great Sums of Money are paid out of his Majesty's Duties upon Salt, on Account of Debentures for English White Salt, shipped under Pretence of being exported to the Blands of Jersey and GuerfeVy and it is found, by Experience, that great Part of such Salt hath been fradulently put on Shore and relanded, without being carried to the said Islands, by which evil Practices his Majesty's said Duties are very much lessened: And whereas the like Frauds had been frequently committed on the Exportation of Salt and Rock Salt to the Isle of Man, for Remedy whereof it was enacted, by an Act passed in the twentieth* Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Salty and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to the Isle of Man, That no Debentures should be made or granted, or Drawback allowed, for any Salt or Rock Salt exported to the Isle of Many until a Certificate should be obtained of the particular Quantity landed, according to the Directions of the said Act: And whereas it is reasonable and fitting that the Provisions of the said Act in that Behalf should extend to White Salt and Rock Salt, shipped to be exported to the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and to the Islands of Alderney and Sark \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Directions, Regulations, and Provisions of the said last mentioned Act, so far as the same relates to the Exportation of any White Salt or Rock Salt to the Isle of Man (except as to the Allowance for Waste as herein after mentioned)y shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend, to the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Islands of Jersey* Guernsey, Alderney, and Sarky in as full and ample Manner as if they were repeated and hereby severally re-enacted; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That, instead of the Allowance for Waste of four Bushels for every forty Bushels of White Salt, and of two Bushels for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt, shipped for Exportation to the Isle of Many in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, or to the Islands of jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sarky every Exporter of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sarky or the Isle of many shall be allowed only one Bushel for every forty Bushels of White Salt, and Half a Bushel for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt; in Consideration of the ordinary Waste in the Carriage thereof.

IV. And whereas by the eighth Article of the Act of Union, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, no Salt whatsoever is allowed to be brought from Scotland to England by Land, in any Manner, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Salt, and the Cattle and Carriages made use of in bringing the same, and paying twenty Shillings for every Bushel of such Salt, and proportionably fora greater or lesser Quantity, for which the Carrier, as well as the Owner, is liable jointly and severally* and the Persons bringing or carrying the same to be imprisoned by any one Justice of the Peace by the Space of six Months, without Bail, and until the Penalty be paid: And whereas Salt brought from Scotland by Land is frequently found in the Custody or Possession of Persons who live near the Borders of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland j and if discovered by any of the Officers for the Salt Duties, the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same is found, pretend that the same doth not belong to him, her, or them, so that the above mentioned Penalties cannot be inflicted on such Offender or Of- fenders, as in that Act are dd'eribedt or Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person, residing in any County in England near the Borders of Scotland, in whose Custody or Possession any Salt brought from Stothutd shall be lo found, shall be liable to the same Penalties as if he or she was the Carrier or Owner thereof -9 unless he or she shall make it appear upon the Trial, or Hearing of any Information for such Offence, that it came by Sea, and that the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof had been paid or secured.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III.' G. 63^ 69$

V. And whereas by an Act passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, foul Salt is per-

mitted to be delivered from any Salt Works, upon paying a Duty of four Pence a Bushel, upon the Terms therein mentioned, for manuring of Land only: And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-

second Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional a Geo. j. c. 3.

Duties upon Salt; and cert in Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Lands;

reciting. That notwithstanding the Restriction in the said Act, Abuses had been committed contrary to the Intent and Meaning thereof*, and for preventing them in future, it was enacted, That no Grey or Scrow Salt, Salt-scale, Sand-scale, or Cruftings, or other foul Salt whatsoever, produced, or to be pro- duced, at any Salt Works within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from the manufacturing of such White bait as aforesaid, should, from and after the twenty- second Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, be removed or carried away from the Works where the same Iheuld be produced, without Notice first given to the Officer attending such Works, or who should refute nearest thereto; and without having been first well and sufficiently mixed with common Chimney Coal Soot, in the Proportion of two BuQiels of Soot to one hundred Bushels of such Salt, under the Penalty therein mentioned; which Provision in the said Act has not had the good Effect to prevent such Abuses, but great Frauds are daily committed by divers Manufacturers unlawfully using such foul Salt, without the Means of Detection, to the great Diminution of the Salt Duties, who must otherwise use White Salt be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That those Parts of the said Pirt of the Atli recited Acts, which allow the using of foul Salt for the manuring of Land only, and direct that it shall not be of Smdu Geo. removed from the Works without having been first mixed with Chimney Coal Soot, shall be, and the same 3‘ rfPe*led* are hereby declared to be repealed.

VI. And, in order to obviate any Doubts that may hereafter arise respecting the Duties payable for ah foul Salt to such foul Salt,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of luguft one be liable to the thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, all foul Salt that shall be made or produced at any Salt Works, fameDu’iwti shall be subject and liable to the same Duties as znyEnglishh White Salt is now, or hereafter may be subject White Salt, and liable to, and to such and the like Directions, Regulations, and Provisions, in every Respect, as if they were severally enumerated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VII. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and certain Duties upon Glauber % Geo. j.e. 39* or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in

the Duties on foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Lands 5 a Duty of twenty Shillings for every Hundred Weight is laid on all Salts known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, made or produced at any oalt Works in Great Britain, and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity: And whereas it is found, by Experience, that, since the said Duty has been imposed, the Exportation of the said Salts has been much lessened, to the Hurt of the Maker or Manufacturer thereof $ it is therefore but reasonable that 4 a Drawback or Allowance should be made of so much of the said Duty on Exportation, as will enable the *4 Maker or Manufacturer to render the Sale thereof, at Foreign Markets, upon equal Terms with that of A any other Country be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Exporter* of Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, all and every Person or Persons who shall export, timber or Ep* or cause to be exported, beyond the Seas, any Salts known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, made or produced at any Salt Works in Great Britain, the Duty whereof shall have been paid, shall, back!!* *" upon such Exportation, be inti tied to a Drawback or Allowance of ten Shillings out of the said Duty, for every Hundred Weight of the said Salts, upon such and the like Terms as in the Cases of Exportation of Foreign and English Salt.

VIII. And whereas great Frauds have been committed in the Salt Revenue by Fish Curers becoming jj0 Fish Curer Dealers in Salt for Home Consumption be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Dull fell Salt, and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Fish Curer or F i(h Curers except toother shall, directly or indirectly, fell, retail, or vend any Salt other than to Fish Curers, in pursuance of an Act Curers, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for re- 5 Qt0% u c#,$f covering the Credit of the British Fishery in Foreign Parts 5 and for betterfee tiring the Duties on Salt, under the Pengi'

Penalty of forfeiting twenty Shillings a Bushel for every Bushel that he, she, or they shall so dispose of, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity; and shall never afterwards be permitted to have Sait Dutyfree, or be concerned with any other or others as a Curer of Fish.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act u 3.0.5?. c for the further Encouragement of the Herring Fishery on the Coa/ls of the I He of Man; and for obviating a Doubt which has arisen with respect to the allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring Fishery, in c the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one \ any Sort ot Heirings, caught upon the Coasts of the

Isle of Man and cured there, are allowed to be imported and brought into any Part of Great Britain, upon

Payment of the Duties therein mentioned, the Master or other Person having the Charge of the Ship so importing such Herrings, bringing with him a Certificate or Certificates from the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrate for the Time being, that Oath had been made before him or them, in the Presence of the Officer of the Customs for the Port or Place where such Herrings were put on board, that the same were bona fide taken on the Coasts of thcjjle of Man and cured there; which Certificate or Certificates also to be atterted by the said Officer of the Customs, and to express the Number of Barrels, and Quantity of such Herrings respectively, and the Marks of the Package expressed in the Bill or Bills of Lading, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons as shall have made the Oath thereby directed, and where and to whom such Herrings shall beconsigned in Great

69+

No Herrings

taught on the Coasts of the Isle of Man^&c. shall be exported from :hence, till a proper Certificate it obtainedt dec.

On Delivery of Salt Duty-free so Curers for foreign Markets, Security shall be g»ven to the Sari station of the Officer.

Such Salt to be veiled in Presence of the Officer.

Salt delivered to Fish Curers not to be removed without a Warrant from Che Officer.

C. 63. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Britain; and the Master, or Person taking Charge of the Ship or Vessel importing the same, also making Oath before the Collector or Principal Officer of the Salt-duties, at the Port or Place of Importation in Great Britain, that the said Herrings were the same that were taken on board by virtue of the said Certificate or Certificates so to be produced; on Failure whereof, or of any of the Requisites therein mention- ed, the Herrings to be liable to the same Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Herrings would have been liable to by Law, if the said Act had not been made: And whereas, before the passing of the said Act,

all Kinds of Fish were prohibited from being brought in or imported from the said Island; and it is fuice found by Experience that Herrings, caught and cured upon the said Coasts, are clandestinely shipped, and fraudulently brought into Great Britain, to the Lot's of the Revenue, and Injury to the Fish Curers there,

contrary to the Intention of the said Act, which may in a great Measure be prevented, if further Provisions and suitable Penalties were to be inflicted on Persons offending against the said Act \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August onfc thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Herrings, caught upon the Coasts of the Isle of Man, and cured there, shall be shipped or exported from thence, for any Place or Places whatsoever, till such Certificate or Certificates is or shall be obtained as required by the said Ail, under the Penalty of forty Shillings a Barrel, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity, to be recovered of the Owner, Proprietor, Master of the Vessel, or the Person or Persons who (halTship or export the same, and also giving Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Double the Amount of the Duty, to the Satisfaction of the Chief Officer of the Customs for the Time being (who is hereby required and impowered to take the fame), at the Port or Place in the said Island where such Herrings shall be shipped or put on board, for the truly landing of them at the Port or Place for which they shall be so shipped or put on board, and if for Great Britain, upon paying the Duty and making the Oath upon the Importation thereof; which Bond shall be discharged, and given up without Fee or Reward, upon Certificate returned or produced to the Chief Officer of the Customs, for the Time being, of the Port or Place in the said Istand from whence the said Herrings were exported, within twelve Months from the Date of the said Bond, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful for such Chief Officer of the Customs to cause such Bond to be put in Suit, unless he shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the fame; which Certificate the Chief Officer of the Salt Duties, or otherwise of the Customs (in case there shall happen to be no Salt Officer), at the Port or Place of Importation in Great Britain, or any other of his Majesty's Dominions, is hereby directed and required to grant, without Fee or Reward; and if exported to any other Place or Places out of his Majesty's Dominions, then, upon Certificate under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate there, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants, then being at such Place or Places, that such Herrings were there landed; or upon Proof, by credible Persons, that such Herrings, or Part thereof, were taken by-Ene-mies, pertshed in the Seas, or were otherwise lost or destroyed by any inevitable Accident; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrates of the said Isle of Man, for the Time being.

X. And whereas British Salt, delivered Duty-free for the curing of Fish for foreign Markets, is liable to Frauds for Want of Security being given as for foreign Salt, when delivered over into the Curer’s sole Custody at the Beginning of the Fiftiing Season for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, on delivering over such Salt from the joint Custody of the Officer and Proprietor, into the sole Custody of the Proprietor or his Agent, for the curing of Fish for Exportation, the said Proprietor or his Agent mall give Security (to the Satisfaction of the Chief Officer of the Salt Duties in the Port or Place where such Salt has been lodged) in Double the Amount of the Duties, that he or they shall and will account for the same in the 'Perms of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Act of Parliament made in that Behalf, in like Manner as the Curers of Fish now do for the foreign Salt delivered into their sole Custody, for curing Fish for Exportation, by virtue of an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and that all such Salt shall, upon being delivered into the sole Custody of the Proprietor, be weighed over by the said Proprietor or his Agents in the Presence of the Officer for the Duties on Salt, if he shall require the same, to the End that the Quantity of Salt delivered into the Proprietor’s sole Custody, and the Deficiency (if any) from the Quantity before lodged under the joint Lock and Key of such Officer and Proprietor; as aforesaid, may be truly ascertained, and the real Quantity wanting at the Redelivery truly known, making a reasonable Allowance for the Waite for the Lime the said Salt has been so locked up; and that every Fish Curer, who shall neglect or refuse to weigh over, to the Officer for the Duties on Salt, what Salt shall remain unused (in order to adjust the Quantity used), and also to lock up the Remainder in the joint Custody of the Officer and Proprietor, when thereunto duly required by the said Officer, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and shall never afterwards be permitted to have Salt Duty-free for the curing of Fish, or be concerned with any other or others as a Curer of Fish; and that no Salt whatsoever, after the same has been delivered into the sole Custody of the Curer of Fish for foreign Markets, shall be delivered over to any other Person for the curing of Fish, nor shall be removed from the Place where lodged to any other Place for curing Fish, without giving Notice to the Officer, and having a Warrant from him for removing the same, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds, by the Proprietor or O^npr of the Salt, or the Person removing the fame; and that no Person whatsoever shall be deemed or taken to be a Curer of Fish, so as to intitle him to have any Salt delivered into his sole Custody Duty-free, for the curing Fish for foreign Markets, who has not a Warehouse, Storehouse, or other proper Place, wherein the Salt may be securely lodged under the Lock and Key of the Officer for die Duties on Salt, as well as the said Proprietor, as the Law directs.

XI. And, for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information, which shall at any Time hereafter be found, commenced or prosecuted for any Assault made or committed upon any of the Officers

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. 695

Officers* may be tried in any County.

of the Salt Duties, or any other Person or Persons acting in their Aid ;* be it further enacted by the Indictments far Authority aforesaid, That every such Offence shall and may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determin- Afrju, Ss cn Of* ed, in any County within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form as if the said Offence had been therein committed.

XII. And whereas it hath been found, by Experience, that the Bailiffs and other Officers, having the Execution of Process in the several Counties, Cities, and Liberties of this Kingdom, often hold Corfespondence with the Persons guilty of Offences contrary to the Laws or Statutes relating to the Duties on Salt, or other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Duties on Salt, and give them Notice when any Writ or Process issues against them, whereby they escape from Justice for Remedy thereof, be it further

Offenders relative to the Salt Duties, a Special Warrant ffull be granted for apprehending the m.

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hun- When Writs of dred and eighty-five, where any Writ of Capias, or other Process, shall issue out of any Court, directed to Capias, &c. are

any Sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Person having the Execution of Process in any County, City, or Liberty, against any Person who shall be guilty of, or prosecuted for any Offence whatsoever, contrary to any of the Laws or Statutes now in being, or hereafter to be made, relating to his Majesty's said Duties on Salt, or any other Dufies under the Management of the Commissioners for the said Duties on Salt, every such Sheriff Mayor, or Bailiff, and other Persons having Execution of Process as aforesaid, and their and every of their Under Sheriffs, Deputies, and other Persons aSing for them in the said Office and Offices respectively, shall and are hereby enjoined and required, upon the Request or Application of the known Solicitor for the Duties on Salt (such Request to be in Writing indorsed upon the Back of the said Process, and signed by such Solicitor), to grant a special Warrant or Warrants to such Person or Persons as shall be named to them by such Solicitor, for the apprehending such Offender and Offenders; or, in Default thereof, every such Sheriff' Penalty on She* Mayor, Bailiff, Under Sheriff', and other Person acting in the said Office or Offices respectively, shall be sub- jiffs &c. mak.

je£t and liable to such Process of Contempt, Fines, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as they, or lns

any of them, are now by any Law, Custom, or Usage, liable to in case of refusing or neglecting to execute the like Process, where the Defendant might have been taken thereupon, in the common and usual Method of Proceeding.

XIII. And whereas it has been doubted where the Commissioners for the Duties on Salt, and Justices of the Peace, have respectively issued out any Summons for the Appearance of Persons offending against, or for Forfeitures incurred by the Laws relative to the Duties on Salt, or any other Law under the Management of the Commissioners for the said Duties on Salt, which hath been leit at the House or usual Place of Residence, or with the Wife, Child, or menial Servant of such Persons, whether the same should be deemed and adjudged a good and sufficient Summons, and as legal and effectual a Notice as if the same had been actually delivered to the proper Hands of such Person or Persons to whom the same was or were directed :*

Now, in order to put an End to such Doubt, be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Summons, so left as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be a good and sufficient Summons, and as legal and effectual a Notice as if the same had been actually delivered to the proper Hands of such Persons to whom the lame was by Name directed.

XIV. And, for the future, it is hereby enacted, That in all Cases relating to the Duties on Salt, or to any of the other Duties which now are, or hereafter may be under the Management of the Commissioners of the faii Duties on Salt, the leaving such Summons at the House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Boiling House, Hot House, Salt Crib, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or usual Place of Residence of such Person or Persons, directed to such Person or Persons, by his, her, or their right or assumed Name or Names, shall be deemed to be, and is hereby declared to be as legal and effectual a Notice and Summons, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same was person ally given or delivered to pr into the Hands of the Party or Parties for whom the same shall be delign-ed, and as if the same was directed to the Party or Parties to and for whom the same shall be designed, by his, her, or their proper Name or Names.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Information or Suit shall be commenced and brought to Trial, on account of the Seizure of any Salt, r ifh, or other Goods whatsoever, or the Package thereof, seized as forfeited by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or here-after to be made, relating to his Majesty's Duties on Salt, or any other Duties under the Management of ^virtue of the Commissioners for the said Duties on Salt, or of any Ship, Veil'd, or Boa*, or of any Horses or other any Act re. Cattle, or of any Carriages used or employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a Verdict shall be w Salt" found for the Owner or Claimer thereof, and it shall appear to the Judge or Court, before whom the said Dulicl* J Action or Information shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause of Seizure, the Judge or Court, before whom the same shall be tried, shall certify on the Record, that there was a probable Cause for the seizing

the said Salt, Fish, Goods, Package, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, or other Cattle or Carriages, as the Case may be; and in such Case the Claimant or Owner shall not be intitled to any Costs of Suit whatso^ ever, nor shall the Person who seized the said Salt, Pish, Goods, or Package, or the said Ships, Vessels, ot "oats, or the Horses, or other Cattle or Carriages, be liable to any Action, Indictment, or other Suit or Prosecution, on account of such Seizure; and that in case any Action, Indictment, or Prosecution, fluff be. commenced and brought to Trial against any Person or Persons whatsoever, on account of the Seizure of any such Salt, Fish, Goods, or Package, or of any Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, or other Cuttle or Carnages, used and employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a Verdict shall be given against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge, before whom such Action, Indictment, or Prosecution, shall be tried, shall certify, on the said Record, that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, the Plaintiff, besides the "I hing so seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be intitled to above two sSgUamaE'!> nor to any Costs of Suit, aor ftwll the Defendant, in such Prosecution, be fined above one

XVI. And,

Summonses for the Appearance of Offender!, left at their Place of Abode, to be deemed legal Notice.

Summonses re* Utive to the Salt Duties, left at the House, Shop, as effectoa) Notice at if delivered to ibt Party,

Clause relative to Actions so# Recavery of

Goods seizedi

696

No Wnt shall

he (ued out against any Officer for Salt Dufies, for executing his Office, until after a Month's Notice.

Officer, within a Month after

such Notice, may tender A-mcnds, &c.

No E%idence of the Cause of Action to be produced, except that contained in such Notice-

Defendant allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation of Actions,

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

In Atfions brought relative eoSeieures, Proof of Payment of Duties to lie on the Claimer.

Penalty on obstructing Officers.

Claimants of

Goods seized by ▼inuiof any Sait Act, to enter into Bond to pay CofU>

C. 63. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

XVI. And, for the more effectual preventing vexatious Suits against the Officers for the Salt Duties, and their Afllltants, acting under the Authorities and Powers to them given by the several Statutes made, or hereafter to be made, for securing the Duties on Salt and Rock Salt, or any other Duties under the c Management of the Commissioners for the Duties on Salt,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Writ shall be sued out against, nor a Copy of any Process served upon any Officer or Officers for the Salt Duties, or against any Person or Persons acting by his or their Order, and in his or their Aid, for any Thing done in the Execution of, or by reason of his or their Office, until one Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to him, or left at the usual Place of his Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue out such Writ or Process as aforesaid, in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is to bring such Action, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney or Agent, and that a Fee of twenty Shillings shall be paid for the preparing and serving of every such Notice, and no more.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Officers, or other Persons acting in their Aid, to whom such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time, within one Calendar Month after such Notice shall have been given, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his or her Agent or Attorney, and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such Tender in bar to any Action to be brought against him grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not guilty, and any other Plea, with Leave of the Court; and if, upon Ilfue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends lb tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff* shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, then such Defendant or Defendants shall be intitled to the like Costs, as he would have been intitled to in case he had pleaded the*General liliie only; and if upon Issue so ioineJ, the jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and shall also find against the Defendant or Defendants, in such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, together with his or her Costs of Suit.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Plaintiff, in any Case where an Action shall be grounded on any Act done by the Defendant, shall be permitted to produce any Evidence of the Cause of such Action, except such as shall be contained in the Notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any Verdict against such Officer or Persons acting in his Aid, unless he shall prove, on the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given, and that in Default of such Proof, the Defendant in such Action shall recover a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Officer, or others acting in his Aid, shall neglect to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered inefficient Amends, before the Action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, by Leave of the Court where such Ablion shall be brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Aloney as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgements shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done by any Officer or Officers for the Salt Duties, or any others acting in his or their Aid, in Execution of, or by reason of his or their Office, fu/:h Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Facts were committed, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and it the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if, upon a V erdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's,* the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in other Cases where Costs are given by Law.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Salt, Fish, or other Goods, liable to the Duties on Salt, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the fud Duties on Salt, shall be seized by virtue of, or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made; or if any Action shall be brought by the Owner or Claimer of any such Salt, F iih> or other Goods, against any Officer or Officers for the Salt Duties, or any Person acting in their Assistance, for any Thing done in pursuance of any such Act or Acts, the Proof of the Payment of the said Duties upon such Salt, Fish, or other Goods so seized, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Salt, Fish, or other Goods, and not on the Person who seized the same, or against whom such Adhon shall be brought.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall ob-(trubt, assault, refill, oppose, molest, or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Salt Dupes in the Execution of his or their Office, or in the Execution of any of the several Powers and Authorities given or granted to such Officers by this or any other Act now in force, or hereafter to be made; or shall beat or abuse the said Officers, or any of them, in the Execution of their Office; every Person or Persons so offending fElll Severally forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon the Entry of any Claim to any Horses or other Catde, or to any Carriages, or to any Ship, Boat, or other Veiled, or to any Salt, Fish, or other Goods, or the Package thereof, or to any other t hing whatsoever, seized for any Cause of Forfeiture, by virtue of any

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6> 697

Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Duties on Salt, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Salt Duties, the Person or Persons who shall enter the Claim* as the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof (in case such Claimant shall reside in the Kingdom of Great Britain), shall be bound, with two other sufficient Securities, in the Penalty of one hundred Pounds, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim; and if such Owner or Proprietor shall riot reside in Great Britain, then, and in such Case, the Attorney or Solicitor, by whose Direction such Claim shall be entered, shall, in like Manner, be bound with two other sufficient Securities, in the like Penalty, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And whereas, by the several Regulations hereby established, and by the Reduction in the Aj’^ropor- Allowances granted by former Acts of Parliament, the Produce of the several and respective Duties on D^es to be

Salt will be much increased p be it therefore enacted, That a just and reasonable Proportion shall be taken taken for the by the Cashier of the said Salt Duties, out of the Monies that shall arise and come to his Hands, for the re- Duties granted spedlive Duties granted by the before recited Acts of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty hY tl,c former King George the Second, and of the twentieth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Ma- Act,# jesty; and he the said Cashier shall set apart, and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the i*»ooooI. to be annual Sum of twelve thousand Pounds, by Payments of three thousand Pounds each Quarter 5 videlicet^ On Paid ann"a,y or before the tenth Day of October, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, and the fifth Day of chequer *"

July, in every Year, the first quarterly Payment to be paid for the Quarter which will end the tenth Day of 'October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and such quarterly Sum and Sums of three thousand 3nd enfcrc<} f«-Pounds, so to be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered and kept distinct and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and shall, together with ° cr omc,r such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as are or shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Ex- Application-pences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament (in- tilcrco/r' tituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills y and Ordnance Debentures ).

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Penaltiet and determined by this Act imposed, and all other Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by any former Afl imposed or here- Fol^itures ho,r after to be imposed, relating to the Duties on Salt, or any other Duty now or hereafter to be under the ^tpCCj^fed Management of the Commissioners for the Duties on Salt, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated* PP

by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or Salt Duties, now in being, or hereafter to be made respectively and that no Appeal or Writ of Certiorari shall be allowed upon any Judgement or Convictionin any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted, either by this or any other Afl made or to be made relating to the Duties on Salt, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Salt Duties, or by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance; any Law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture (not otherwise directed by any former Act), shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be ma

sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other Aci now in pI."ii.lhe Cone

force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Duties on Salt, or other Dutjes under the Management of the T*

Commissioners for the Duties on Salt, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and

give this Act, or such other Aci, and the Special Matter in Evidence, in his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict Avail pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or and recover them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to Treble Costt*. him or them against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXVII. And whereas many Persons, having incurred heavy Penalties by reason of Offences committed against the Laws for collecting and securing the Duties on Salt, and on account of foreign and British Salt delivered Duty-free for the Fisheries, are deterred from renouncing their evil Courses, through Fear

of being discovered by some of their Associates, and thereby subjected to Prosecution: And whereas it is

expedient to extend a Pardon and Indemnity to Persons under the aforesaid Circumstances be it therefore enacted, That no Prosecution, by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Action of Debt, shall be commenced for All Persons In any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by reason of any Offence committed, by any Person or damnified for fersons, against any of the Provisions of any Act or Acts for collecting and securing the Duties under the Offencw «om-Management of the Commissioners of the Salt Duties, committed before the first Day of June one thou- "ll!lt1j!)elati,e land lL-ven hundred and eighty-five, but that the said- Penalties and Forfeitures be wholly pardoned and beforeJum/, le.eastd. 1785, 9

6g8

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

C. 64.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain.

WHEREAS determined by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

*4 Geo. 3. e#53. intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain, after reciting. That Gold and Silver Wares, when sent to be marked and assayed, were sent in so rude and rough a State, that the same in the finishing were greatly lessened in Weight, it was enacted, That the Person appointed by the several Companies, or Allay Offices, to take and receive the Monies and Duties directed by the said Act, should, where such Plate was tent to be marked and allayed in the same rude and rough State as thereto- fore had been usual, make a Deduction of one Fifth from the Weight, and an Allowance of one fifth Part of the Duty imposed by the said Act, to the Person or Persons bringing the same: And whereas Doubts have arilen upon the Construction of the Words rude and rough State as theretofore had been usual, the Manufacturers having been accustomed. Time immemorial, to fend in their Work in various States to the Allay Offices to be marked and allayed, and great Inconveniencies and Disputes frequently arise be- tween the Manufacturers and Allay Officers* on the Construction of the said Words:' For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority The Person ap- of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-pointedtoreceive f;VCy the person appointed by the said Companies or Allay Offices to take and receive the Monies and Duties Pkin directed by the said Act, where such Plate is lent to be marked in any unfinished State, so that a Diminution of Phte^mayD* in the Weight thereof must necessarily remain to be made by the Worker or Manufacturer thereof,' before make an Allow- the same shall be finished, shall, in respect of such Diminution as aforesaid, make a Deduction of one sixth*

ance of 1 6rh part from the Weight, and an Allowance of one sixth Part of the Duty imposed by the said Act, to the

Panof the Duty Person or Persons bringing the same, instead of one fifth Part, as by the said recited Act is directed; and brouht inM at the Bottom of the Note or Memorandum, by the said Act directed to be kept and filed, express

unsifted State, the Deduction from the Weight, and the Allowance of the Duty accordingly, as in and by the said Act was directed.

Twfl clauses in 4

II. And whereas by the said recited Act it was also enacted, That, in case any Person or Persons what-the Act of iafi soever should, at any Time or Times after the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and SemoQ recited, < eighty-four, during the Continuance of the Duties by the said Act imposed upon wrought Plate, or Ma- nufactures of Gold and Silver, export, by way of Merchandize, foranv foreign Parts, any Plate of Gold or Silver, wrought or manufactured in this Kingdom, which by the said Act is charged or chargeable with the respective Duties of eight Shillings per Ounce, and six Pence per Ounce, and the same should appear to have been made and marked as aforesaid, after the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the Duty thereby directed should have been paid thereon: and should give sufficient Security, before the shipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantities of such Plate or Manufactures of Gold and Silver, intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, should not

be relanded or brought again into Great Britain, and should make Proof, upon Oath, that the same Gold

or Silver Plate or Manufactures were actually made and marked as aforesaid, after the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and should also produce or deliver to such Customer or Collector a Certificate, under the Hand of the Person to whom such wrought Plate or Manufactures of Gold and Silver were consigned, certifying that the same had been received, and mentioning the Weight and particular Species of Plate so consigned and received, the Name of the Person consigning the same, the Name of the Vessel, and the Name of the Captain commanding such Vessel, and the Port of Great Britain from which the said Vessel was cleared, and the Port to which such Vessel was bound; and should also, where the Drawback should amount to five Pounds, and upwards, authenticate such Certificate by notarial Act in Writing, and where the same could not be done by a notarial Act, then the same should be authenticated under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Magistrate of the City, Town, or Place,

where such wrought Plate or Manufacture of Gold and Silver should be received; that then the said Customer or Collector should give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture, expressing the true Kinds and Quantities of such Plate and Manufactures of Gold or Silver so exported, or shipped to be exported; and the Exportation or shipping thereof being certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Collector or Receiver of the fat J Duty on Plate, upon the said Debenture so certified being produced to him, should forthwith pay a Drawback or Allowance after the Rate of eight Shillings for every Ounce Troy on Gold,

and six Pence for every Ounce Troy on Silver Plate or Manufacture, out of the Money in his Hands, in the Manner in the said Act particularly mentioned and let forth: And whereas the great Delay in with-4’ holding the Drawback, in Cases where such Plate or Manufacture of Gold and Silver is wanted to be exported to the Enjl and V/tjl Indies, and to other distant Parts, until the Certificate, directed in the said recited Clause, can be procured from the Persons to whom such wrought Plate is consigned, tends greatly to impede the Exportation of Gold and Silver manufactured Plate to foreign Parts, and is very injurious to

e

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. 69

c the Manufacturers thereof: And whereas by the said recited Act it was also further enacted, That ail wrought Gold and Silver Plate, which should be intended to be exported from this Kingdom into any foreign Parts, should, before the same was shipped, be brought to the Afiay Office, and should mere be damped with the f igure of a Britannia, in' order to denote that such Plate was- intended for Exportation,

and to be allowed the Drawback thereon: And whereas the striking the Britannia Mark on many Articles of wrought Gold and Silver Plate, in their finiftied State, can in no Way be nraftifed without doing material Damage to such wrought Plate / be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day and repealed, of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said two last recited Clauses in the said Act contained, and each of them, shall be, and the lame are hereby respectively repealed.

III. And, in order to prevent any Injury to the Manufacturers of Gold and Silver Plate, and for the better Encouragement of the Exportation thereof/ be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Clause for the whatsoever shall, at any Time or Times after the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred Encouragement and eighty-five, during the Continuance of the Duties by the said recited Act imposed upon wrought Plate, or Manufactures of Gold and Silver, exported by way of Merchandize, for any foreign Parts, any Plate of stiver Plate.^ Gold or Silver, wrought or manufactured in this Kingdom, which, by the said recited Act, is charged or chargeable with the said respective Duties of eight Shillings per Ounce, and six Pence per Ounce, and the same shall appear to have been made or marked as aforesaid after the said first Day of December one thouT fend seven hundred and eighty-four, and the Duties thereby directed shall have been paid thereon, and shaft give sufficient Security, before the Shipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantities of such Plate, or Manufactures of Gold or Silver, intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought again into Great Britain j and shall make Proof, upon Oath, that the same Gold or Silver Plate, or Manufactures, were actually made or marked as aforesaid, after the Time in the said recited Act mentioned, which Security shall be taken in the King’s Name, and to his Use, and the Oath or Oaths administered by the Customer or Collector of the respective Port of such Exportation, without Fee or Reward; that then, and in every such Case, and without the Production of any such Certificate, or notarial or other Act in Writing, as in the said Act is mentioned, the said Customer or Collector shall

ijive to the Exporter thereof a Debenture, expressing the true Kinds and Quantities of such Plate and Manu-aftures of Gold or Silver so exported, or shipped to be exported; and the Exportation or shipping thereof being certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Collector or Receiver of the said Duty upon Plate, at the several A (lay Offices where the same were marked and assayed, shall, upon the said Debenture, so certified, being produced to him, forthwith pay a Drawback or Allowance, after the Rate of eight Shillings per Ounce Troy, and proportionably for any greater or less Quantity of such Plate, or Manufacture of Gold; and after the Rate ot six Pence for every Ounce Troy, and proportionably for every greater or less Quantity of such Plate, or Manufacture of Silver, out of the Money of the said Duties on Plate, or Manufactures of Gold and Silver, then in the Hands of the said Receiver or Collector, without Fee or Reward; and if the said Collector or Receiver shall not have Money in his Hands to pay any such Debenture, then the Receiver General of the Stamp-duties for the Time being is hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the said Debenture, out of the Duties arising by this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary noc-withstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Exporters of Gold and Silver Watches shall mark or engrave in the Inside of every Case or Box of each Watch, inclosing the Works thereof, the same Numbers and figures which shall be respectively marked or engraved on the Works of the Watch which shall be inclosed in such Case or Box.

V. And, the better to prevent the fraudulent relanding of any Plate in this Kingdom, after the Draw- back has been paid and allowed for the fame/ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Bonds to remain

all Securities and Bonds, required to be taken as aforesaid, shall continue and remain in force, until every foJce until

such Exporter of any wrought Plate, or Manufactures of Gold and Silver, shall produce and deliver to such mention. Customer or Collector the Bill of Lading thereof, and which shall have at the Foot the Receipt of the Master of the Vessel on board of which the said Plate or Manufactures were shipped, and also a Receipt or Certificate, on the Back of such Bill of Lading, under the Hand of the Person to whom such wrought Plate or Manufactures of Gold and Silver were consigned, certifying or acknowledging that the lame have been received, and mentioning in such Receipt or Certificate the true Kinds and Quantities of Plate so consigned and received, and the Name of the Person consigning the same *, and also, if such Plate shall consist of Watches, the Numbers or Figures marked or engraved in the Inside of the Case or Box of each such Watch, that then such Securities and Bonds shall and may be delivered up and cancelled.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Ship or Vessel, on board of which such Plate, or Manufactures of Gold and Silver, or Watches, where shipped, shall be loft, or shall not, within the

Gold and Silver Watches, how to be marked.

ed shall be complied with.

pace of three Years, return to any Fort in Great Brita; upon due Proof thereof being made to the Customer or Collector at the Port at which the said Drawback was received, and the said Bonds given, the said Customer or Collector shall deliver up to such Exporters their Securities and Bonds, so given by them, in order that the same may be cancelled, if no Fraud therein shall in the mean Time have appeared, or no Prosecution thereon shall have been commenced.

Bonds to be cancelled upon the Loss of any Vessel exporting such Goods.

CAP.

yco C. 65.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 178

11 Geo. 3. c. 31.

I| Geo. $,c. 16.

The Bounty of

30*. per Ton errtided to all dt-rked Vesseli, Juept under 20 Ions Bui then.

FfeamWer relative to Places of Re> dezvous appointed by former Adu

Fart of the hid Acts icpcalW.

Owner, &c. to be

f *orn before Clearance outwards.

The Oath.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

WHEREAS the extending and improving of the British Fishery hath been frequently declared bf Parliament to be of great Importance to this Kingdom, inasmuch a< it not only adds considerably to the National Wealthy but is moreover a fruitful Nursery of able Seamen for the publick Service: And whereas, by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herrin? Fishery, a Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton is made payable annually to the Owner or Owners of all decked Russes or Vessels, from twenty to eighty Tons Buithen, fitted out and employed in the said Fisheries, for the Space or Term of seven Years, from and after the twenty-second Day of October one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and to the End of the them next ensuing Session of Parliament, in the Manner, and under the Regulations therein mentioned: And whereas, by an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, for continuing and amend- ing the said Act, it was enacted, That the said former Act should, from and afrer the Term in the said former Act mentioned, be continued for and during the further Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it might tend to the Encouragement of the said Fishery, by inducing a greater Number of Persons to engage therein, if the said Bounty were extended, under certain Restrictions, to the Owners of decked Bufles or Vessels of a greater Burthen than eighty Tons:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present rarliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said Bounty of thirty Shillings Ton shall, during the Continuance of the Term for which the same was so granted, be extended to, and be payable and paid to the Owner or Owners of, all decked Bufles or Vessels, of what Burthen soever the same may be, other than and except decked Bufles or Vessels under twenty Tons Burthen, which shall be in all Respects (save only in respect to their Burthen or Tonnage) built, fitted out, viltted, and licensed, according to the Directions of the said last mentioned Act, and shall be manned, victualled, furnished, and accoutred, in Proportion to their respective Rates of Tonnage, in the Manner by the said Act prescribed for the manning, victualling, furnishing, and accoutring Builes and Vessels of a Burtnen not exceeding that of eighty Tons: Provided nevertheless, that no Owner or Owners shall be intitled to the said Bounty: for more than eighty Tons, upon or in respect of any Buss or Vessel, although such Buis or Veil'd shall exceed that Burthen.

II. And whereas, in and by the said recited Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, certain Times and Places are appointed for the Rendezvous of all decked Builes and Vessels employed in the said Fishery, and certain Oaths are thereby also directed to be taken by the Owner and lYJafter, or Chief Officer of every such Buss or Vessel, before the Collector or Comptroller of the Port of her Clear- ance outwards, previous to the Departure of such Buss or Vessel, and by the said Matter or Chief Officer, after her Return to such Port as aforesaid, in order to her Discharge, as well in respect to her being at one of the said Places of Rendezvous, as in respect to several other Matters therein specified: And whereas by the said Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for continuing and amending. 4 the said former Act, the Times of Rendezvous were altered, and other Places of Rendezvous were added. 4 to those appointed by the said former Act: And whereas the compelling Bufles and Vessels, employed i/v 4 the said Fishery, to rendezvous at the Places, and within the Times, in and by the said Act appointed and limited for that Purpose respectively, has been found extremely inconvenient and injurious to the Owners of such Vessels, and to the Persons employed therein, and is a great Discouragement to the Fishery \ be it therefore enacted, That so much, and such Parts of the said two severally recited Acts, as direct that any decked Buss or Vessel shall proceed to or be at any of the Places of Rendezvous, in and by the said Acts for that Purpose appointed, and also so much and such Parts of the said recited Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as direct that the Owner or Master, or Chief Officer of any such Vessel, shall mate such several Oaths as are therein prescribed, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that, instead thereof, the Owner or Owners, and Master or Chief Officer of the Vessel shall, before her Clearance, take and subscribe an Oath, before the Collector or Comptroller of the Port of Clearance outwards, in foe following Form; that is to say.

T A.B, do swear. That it is really and truly my firm Purpose and determined Resolution, that the Buss-4 1 or Vessel now lying in the Port of called (fp^ifying the Names of the

Port and Vessel)yas now manned, furnished-and accoutred, shall proceed immediately upon the British White Heiring Fishery, there to continue fishing, in an orderly regular Manner, for the Space of three Months at the least, (unless she shall have sooner completed her full Loading of Fish), without impeding or obstructing any other Vessels which shall be employed in the (kid Fishery.

So help me GOD.

And that the Master, or Chief Officer of the Vessel, after her Return to Port in order to her Discharge, shall likewise take and subscribe the following Oath, before the said Collector or Comptroller; that

kUbr’, Mil*

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. 70t

« T jf. B. do swear, That the Buss or Vessel, called the nowlying in the Port of Oatk re betaken

JL (specifying the Names of the Fejfel and Port)y d\d, without Delay, proceed from bTlieRMaftrr

1 the said Port, upon her last Clearance^ from thence outwards, to or upon the British White Herring

Fiftiery, and did there remain and continue employed in fiftiing for Herrings, or other Fifti, according to

Law; and that during all that Time, the Quantity of Nets and other Stores, and Number of Men by

Law in that Behalf required, were on board the said Buss or Vessel, or were employed in the lawful Pro-« fecution of the said Fiftiery; and that the said Buss or Vessel hath not, since her said last Clearance outwards

from the said Port, been on any other Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of Profit than that of

taking Fifti, and salting or curing the same, or faking or curing other fresh Fish lawfully purchased at Sea;

« and that all the Fifti brought into Port by the said Buss or Vessel, were taken by the Crew belonging

thereto; f and in case of the Buss or Vessel not returning till after the Expiration of three Months, the follow-

ing I For as are to be added to the said CTath, (videlicetor were purchased of British Subjects .]

'So help me GOD.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hun- All decked Tef--dred and eighty-five, the Owners or Matters of any decked Billies or Vessels, neing built, manned, victual- fc!*j 00 led, furnished, accoutred, (lored, fitted out, and Itcensed in the Manner required by the said recited Act of Condi* the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and which shall clear out of any Port of Great Britain at tion?# Aali be

any Time or Times between the first Day of June and the first Day of October, and shall proceed im- wtitled to the

mediately upon the White Herring Fiftiery, and shall there begin and continue to fish, according to the Bounlr of J0,» Regulations of the said last mentioned Act, and of this present Act, without returning into Port for the ptf Toa*

Space of three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day upon which such Owners or Matters re-foectively first (hot or wetted their Nets, or shall return into Port within that Space of Time with a full Cargo of Fifti, taken wholly by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, shall be intitled to the said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton; any Thing in the said two severally recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

iy. And be it further enacted, That in case the Crew of any Buss or Vessel, employed in the said White Herring Fiftiery, shall, during the Time of their Continuance at Sea, catch any Cod, Ling, or uil* ill Hake# Hake, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Crew to take and use, for the salting or curing of such Cod, Ling, or Hake, a sufficient Quantity of the Salt on board of such Buss or Vessel, for which they shall be intitled to the same Allowance as if the lame had been consumed in the salting or curing of Herrings, but lb as nevertheless that no Bounty shall be allowed on the Exportation of such Cod, Ling, or Hake; and to that Intent all such Cod, Ling, and Hake shall, on the landing thereof, and before the same shall be removed from Shore, have Part of the Fail cut off in the Presence of the Collector or Comptroller of the Port, that it may be known that the Owners of the Fifti so marked are not intitled, in respect thereof, to any Bounty upon the Exportation of the same; and the said Collector or Comptroller is hereby impowered and required to cut off, or cause so to be in his Presence, Part of the Tail of all such Cod, Ling, and Hake, on the landing thereof; and if any of such Cod, Ling, or Hake, shall be landed or removed from the Shore before the same shall be tendered to the said Collector or Comptroller to have Part of the Tail cut off as aforesaid, all the Fish so landed or removed shall be forfeited, together with double the Value thereof, to be recovered of the Importer of such Fish, or of the Proprietor or Master of the Veil'd.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners or Chief Officers Owners of dfck*

of any decked Busses or Vessels, employed in the said Fiftiery, to purchase in any Part of the Seas, or other ed

Waters where such FiQi are to be found, any Quantity or Quantities of fresh and unfalted Herrings, Cod, HerrinSM> Ling, or Hake, from or out of any Boat or Boats belonging to British Subjects; and also to ship any rVo^Bnufli Quantity of Fish, as well what they shall catch or take, as what they shall so purchase on board of any other Subjeai,

British Vessel or Vessels; and that the Owner or Owners, or Chief Officer or Officers, of such last mentioned Vessel or Vessels shall be at Liberty to enter and land the Fish so shipped on board thereof, in any

Port or Ports of Great Britain, in such and the same Manner as the Owners or Chief Officers of the

Bufles or Vessels, out of which the same shall be so shipped, could or might have lawfully done; Oath being Particular! to be

taken and subscribed, by the Owner or Chief Officer of each respective Vessel bringing such Fifti into Port, fwomruonUnd-

before the Collector or Comptroller of the Port where the same shall be entered, specifying the Sorts of Fifti, in8 lhc, cuf»

and the respective Quantities of each Sort, together with the Name or Names of the Buis or Vessel, Bufles

or Vessels, from which the said Fish were shipped, and of the respective Master or Chief Officer thereof,

and of the Port or Ports from whence the said Buss or Vessel, Bufles or Vessels, was or were cleared; and also that such Fith were, according to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, caught and salted, or caught and

cured, as the Case may be, by British Subjects; and the Collector or Comptroller of the Port, at which such Fish shall befo entered and landed, shall, upon Demand, deliver gratis, to any of the Owners of such

Fish, a Certificate under his Hand and Seal, specifying the Particulars of the same, and the salting or Cure

thereof; which Certificate shall be admitted as Proof of the Consumption of the Salt used in the salting or

curing of such Fifti, as the Case may be.

VI. Provided always, That no Owner or Owners of any Buss or Vessel, which shall return into Port Vessel* seinm* from the said Fiftiery, within the said Space of three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day where- lpfc*P10

on the Nets belonging to such Buss or Vessel were first (hot or wetted, without a full Cargo of Herrings; Month/with-r having a full Cargo, unless the Whole of such Cargo was bona fide caught and taken by the Crew belong- out i f,n cargo, ing to such Buss or Vessel, shall he intitled to any Bounty in respect of the Tonnage of such Buss or Vessel; not intitled to Thing herein, or in any other Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding, Boum/.

+ X a VII. And,

702

Miftert of Vesselt bound to the Konh Seas or Iceland may take Salt for curing of Fish without paying Duty.

Salt not used to be returned to ' the Warehouse.

Previous to every Voyage, the Proprietor of Salt intended for curing Fish, to make Oath of the Quantity so lodged, &c.

and at the End thereof, to deliver a written Account to the Salt-office, specifying the Quantity of Fish entered, See.

Ev-ry Person receiving Salt as alorc.laid, shall deliver an Account of i he Q^unCty used in eiuh Veyig% on Penalty of I col.

Rr'dri&irdi* on delivering out halt at Sew.

Nj Boun‘y to be paid on iix-portati' nof Cod, Sec. hr ught from the North Seas,

C. 65. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

VII. And, for reviving and encouraging the Cod Fishery in the North Seas and Iceland^ and that the same may be carried on with Success,’ be it further enacted, That the Matter of any Boat or Vessel* bound on a fishing Voyage to the said North Seas or Iceland, shall, from and after the first Day of Augiifl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be allowed to take from any Salt Works or Salt Pits, any Quantity of Brit id) Salt for the faking or curing of Fish, without paying any Duty for the same, such Salt being weighed at the Salt Pit or Salt Works in the Presence of an Officer for the Duties upon Salt, and being lodged in a Warehouse under the Lock and Key of the said Officer, as well as of the Proprietor of the said Salt; which Salt, so lodged as aforesaid, shall remain in the Custody of the said Officer, jointly with the said Proprietor, until the same shall be delivered out to be put on board the F idling Vessel, and so from Time to Time on each succeeding Voyage; and upon the Return of such Vessel from the Fishing Voyage,’ the Whole of the Salt in such Vessel, which shall not have been'used under the Authority of this Act, in the salting or curing of Fish as aforesaid, shall again be lodged under the like Custody as aforesaid, the Proprietor or Proprietors, or his or their Agent or Agents, entering, at the next Office for the Duty on Salt, the respective Quantities of British Salt so lodged by him or them from Time to Time as aforesaid, and the said Officer keeping an Account of every respective Quantity of the said Salt so entered and lodged in his Custody as aforesaid; and that, previous to every Fishing Voyage, the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Salt, or his or their Agent or Agents, shall make Oath in Writing, before the Officer for the Duty on Salt, at the Office nearest to the Place where the said Salt is lodged, declaring the Quantity of the Salt lodged as aforesaid, and that all the said Salt is intended for the curing of Fish to be caught at the North Seas, or at Iceland, and shall not, by his or their Order, Content, or Connivance, directly or indirectly, be fold, given away, or any ways delivered but for the Purpose aforesaid; after which Oath, so made as aforesaid, and filed up by the said Officer in the said Office, the Officer, in the joint Custody of whom, and of the Pro-

frietor or Proprietors, or his or their Agent or Agents, the Salt has continued during the Interval of the fthing Voyage, shall deliver into the sole Custody of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, all the said Salt for the curing of Fish to be taken during the said Fishing Voyage; and that, at the End of every Fishing Voyage, the Officer for the said Duty on Salt shall take a particular Account of the Quantity of Salt remaining in Hand, which regaining Salt shall be immediately locked up in the joint Custody of the said Officer and Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, as aforesaid; and the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, using the said Salt, shall, as soon as possible, after the End of every Fishing Voyage, deliver an Account in Writing into the said Office for the Duty on Salt, specifying the Quantity of Fish entered with the proper Officer or Officers of the Port or Ports where such Fish was lanJed, in the curing or salting of which any of the Salt taken away, after its Delivery into the sole Custody of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, has been used or consumed, together with a Certificate or Certificates from the proper Officer or Officers of the Portor Ports where the said Fish were so entered, verifying the said Account; which Certificate or Certificates such Officer or Officers is and are hereby directed to give gratis, and which said Account delivered into the Office as aforesaid, shall be affirmed by the Oath of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, using the said Salt, and shall remain in the said Office, to the End that the Quantity of Fish lalted or cured and entered, and the Quantity of Salt used in faking or curing the same, may, from Time to Time, appear upon Oath, and be corn pared together; and in case any of the said Salt shall be delivered over to any other Person or Persons, to be by him or them used in salting or curing of Fish, the Quantity or Quantities of Salt so delivered over shall be expressed in the said Account; and each Person, to whom such Salt shall be so delivered, or his Agent, shall like wife, upon Oath, make another Account of the particular Quantity of such Salt used by each of them in the salting or curing of Fifti; which Account, together with the proper Certificates, as aforesaid, shall likewise be transmitted into the Office aforesaid, there to remain, for the Purposes above mentioned; and if such Proprietor, or his Agent, or any other Person or Persons to whom any Quantity of Salt shall be delivered over as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of six Months after the End of every ref petti ve Fishing Season, refuse or neglect to deliver such Account, attested upon Oath, as aforesaid, such Proprietor or other Person shall, for every such Gstence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Part of the Salt so shipped as aforesaid shall be afterwards reshipped or delivered out at Sea to any Person or Persons, save only in the North Seas or at Iceland, and to British Subjects belonging to fishing Vessels which shall have been regularly cleared out of a British Port; and that so often as any Salt shall be so delivered out as aforesaid, the Owner or Matter of the Vessel from whence the same shall bereftlipped, shall make and subscribe an Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of the Port of his Out-fit, specifying the Quantity delivered, and the Names of the Vessels on board of which the said Salt shall have been shipped, and of the Owner and Matter thereof, and the Place of her Out-fit, to the Intent that, if both Vessels shall not have been cleared outwards from one and the same Port, the respective Collectors or Comptrollers of the several Ports of Clearance of such Vessels may be duly informed, by each other, of the Circumstances of the Case, and which they are hereby expressly required, from 'Fit»ie to Time, to communicate to each other forthwith; and also to the Intent that trie several Owners or Masters, through whole Hands any of such Salt shall pass, may be charged with and casted upon, at the forts of their respective Out-fits, to account upon Oath for the due Consumption of the same in the salting or curing oi Fish; and the like Rule and Regulation shall be, and are hereby enacted and established, for the due accounting for the said Salt through wholetbever Hands the same shall or may pass at Sea.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Bounty whatsoever shall be paid or allowed upon the Exportation of any Cod, Ling, Hake, or other Fish, which shall be brought or imported into Great Britain from Iceland ox the North Seas, any Act or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding! And, to the Intent that no such Bounty may be allowed, all such Cod, Ling, or other Fish, so imported as

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6j.

70$

aforesaid, shall, on the landing thereof* and before the same shall be removed from Shore, have Part of the Tail cut off in the Presence of the Collector or Comptroller of the Port, that it may be known that the Owner or Owners of the Fish so marked are not intitled, in respect thereof, to any Bounty on the Exportation of the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Salt shall have been so reshipped at Sea, and Clause relative the Consumption thereof duly accounted for as aforesaid, the Collector or Comptroller, before whom the Salt reshipped Account thereof shall be taken, shall grant a Certificate of the same, under his Hand, gratis, directed to the at Sca' Collector or Comptroller of the Port at which the said Salt was originally shipped; which Certificate, being produced by the Person who so shipped the Salt, shall be admitted as Proof of such Consumption, and intitle such Person to Credit for the same upon his Account; but no such Certificate shall be available, or admitted as Proof of the diie Consumption of any Salt pretended to have been reshipped or delivered over at Sea, unless such Certificate shall be delivered to the Collector or Comptroller of the Port where the said Salt was originally shipped, within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Return to Port of the Buss or Vessel on board of which the Salt was so originally shipped as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That for every Bushel of Salt, so as aforesaid taken out of the Salt Works Penalty of not or Warehouse, which shall not be accounted for in the Manner above mentioned, or by Certificate from the' ^counting for Justices of the Peace at their garter Sessions, that Proof was there made that such Salt was put on board’ ffih^Si] °Ut any Boat or Vessel for faking or curing of Fish at Sea, and was there taken by Enemies, or otherwise loll or' worki Vc. perished at Sea, or shall not be returned into or found remaining, at the End of every Fishing Voyage, in 9 the Warehouse as aforesaid, the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or his or their Agent or Agents, who took out the same, shall, according to the Quantity or respective Quantities for which he or they shall (land accountable, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; and every such Person felling, giving away, using, Penalty on Per-or delivering any such Salt, or consenting, or being any ways privy to the felling, giving away, using or so selling or delivering such Salt, directly or indirectly, otherwise than for the Purposes and to the Persons aforesaid, ihalF j!irPofins of such forfeit, pay, and undergo the Penalties and Punishments herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) ' Silu

Pir, cVe. for cur* ing Fill].

Every Proprietor of such Salt, or his Agent, for every Bushel of such Salt so fold, given away, used or delivered, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings:

And every other Person, buying, taking, or using any such Salt, otherwise than for the Purpose and in the Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Bushel of Salt lo bought, delivered, or used; and after that Rate for a less Quantity.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, for every Bushel of Salt so lodged, which shall either be carried P^altyon Pro-

away, or be found wanting, at the redelivering thereof into the lole Custody of the Proprietor thereof as* Pnct®r for Sait aforesaid, reasonable Allowance for the Wade of such Salt being first made, the said Proprietor shall forfeit arrecic!hvcnng the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be applied and recovered as herein after mentioned. thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall unlawfully take away, embezzle, or mif- Penalty on em-apply, any British Salt, after it is weighed and carried from any Salt Work or Salt Pit in Great Britain, in baling Brinfli order to its being cellared and locked up for the curing or lalting of Fish, and before it is brought unto, and Sa!t after car-locked up in any Cellar or Storehouse by the Proprietor and the Officer for the Salt Duties, as directed by r,rd frona the this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Bushel of British) Salt so unlawfully taken away, embezzled, or misapplied, reckoning such British Salt at fifty-six Pounds Weight to the Bushel, and lo in Proportion for a less Quantity.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures given by this Act shall be distributed Penalties and in Manner following; (that is to say,) One Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and For^itur«» how the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same; and shall be sued rc^wcd for, recovered, and levied, in such Manner and Form, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any rine, appuc Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by any Law of Excise, or by

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at JKJhmnjhr.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall happen to be sued or prosecuted for Limitation of any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall or may Acti<ms* plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence; and if upon "I'rial a Ver- General Issue. diet shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, discontinue, or forbear prosecuting such Action or Actions, then such Defendant or Defendants dull be intitled to Double Costs against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for which he or they shall have the like Remedy as a Defen ant can have in any Case where Costs are given him by Law.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

Double Coflt.

N-1 to affect the Powers given fcy any A<U$ for regulating the ivlotjc 10 be observed in fitting out for any Fishery, &c.

r\in whatsoever, or in t’ne Payment or Allowance of any Bounties thereby respectively granted on the Tonnage or Burthen of any Buss or Vessel, or on any Fish to be exported; lave only and except so far as any Exception, sech Act or or the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, or Authorities therein contained or granted, are fpc-

Cthcally or expressly repealed, revoked, altered, or controuled, by this present Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained; but that all and singular the said former Acts, and the Bounties thereby granted,

and

7°+

M Oe§.j. c. 24.

Recited Prov!-fions icpeaied#

Makers who shall remove Bricks or Tiles to the fCiln before the Offiter has charged the Dutiet, shall forfeit the same, and also 50 J.

Bricks and Ttlet aot surveyed, Itc. by the proper Offi er, to be kept separate from others*

AH Bricks, while drying, to be so placed that the Officer rr.ay atrfily take »n Account thece-

of>

en Penalty of 501.

Penalties and t tures how Io be recovered gAd applied*

C. 66. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

and the several Rules? Regulations, Powers and Authorities, therein contained or granted, and die Pains

Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred, or thereby inflicted or provided for any Breach or Non-observance of the same, except as aforesaid, shall remain and continue in the same Force and Eftest as if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting is Vy his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional Duites on Bricks and Tiles imported into the Janie), it was enabled, That if any Person or Persons, who should make any Bricks or Tiles chargeable with the Paid Duties, should remove, carry, or fend away, or cause or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any Bricks or Tiles to the Kiln, Clamp, or other Place for burning, from or out of the Field, Shed, or other Place where they should be first put or placed to dry or harden, after being turned out of the Mould* and before the proper Officer of Excise should have taken an Account thereof, and charged the Duties thereupon, he, she, or they should forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and that all and every the Bricks and Tiles so carried away, and being found in the Possession of any Brickmaker, Tilemaker, or other Trader or Dealer there- in, or any Person or Persons for the Use of such Brickmaker or Tilemaker, or Trader or Dealer therein, should be forfeited, and might be seized, or the Value thereof: And it was also enabled, That all and every Person and Persons, making any Bricks or 'Files as aforesaid, should, from Time to Time, keep such and so many of the said Bricks and Tilc9, as should not have been surveyed and taken an Account of by the proper Officers in that Behalf, separate and apart from all other Bricks and Tiles which should have been surveyed and taken an Account of by such Officers, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect or Default therein, the Sum of fifty Pounds: And whereas the said Provisions have been found inconvenient f be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said herein before recited Provisions shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if any Person or Persons, who shall make any Bricks or Tiles chargeable with the said Duties by the said Act imposed, shall remove, carry, or (end away, or cause or suffer to be removed, carried, or lent away, any Bricks or Tiles to the Kiln, Clamp, or other Place for burning, from or out of the Field, Shed, or other Place where they shall be put or placed to dry or harden, and before the proper Officer of Excise shall have taken an Account thereof, and charged the Duties thereupon, he, she, or they shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and that all and every the Bricks and Tiles lo carried away, and being found in the Possession of any Brickmaker Tilemaker, or other Trader or Dealer therein, or any Person or Persons for the Use of such Brickmaker or Tilemaker, or Trader or Dealer therein, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, or the Value thereof, and shall and may be recovered, to wit, one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Seizer or Informer.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, making any Bricks or Tiles as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, keep such and so many of the said Bricks and Tiles, as shall not have been surveyed and charged by the proper Officers in that Behalf, separate and apart from all other Bricks and Tiles, which shall have been surveyed and charged by such Officers, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect or Default therein, the Sum of fifty Pounds*

IV. And whereas the Makers of Bricks and Tiles do sometimes place their Bricks and Tiles, while the same are in the Operation of drying or hardening, in irregular and unusual Rows or Positions, on Purpose to make it difficult for the Officer of Excise to take an Account of the same be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every Maker of Bricks or Tiles shall, while the Bricks or Files shall be in the Operation of drying or hardening, in the Field, Shed, or other Place where the same shall be made or prepared, after being turned out of the Mould, place or dispose such Bricks and 'Files, or cause the same to be placed or disposed, in such Manner and Form as that the Officer of Excise who shall survey such Bricks may easily and securely take an Account thereof; and it any Maker of Bricks and Tiles shall, from and after the said first Day ot dugnf one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, place and dispose, or cause to be placed or disposed, such Bricks or Files, while the same shall be in the Operation of drying or hardening, in the Field, Shed, or other Place where the same shall be made or prepared, after being turned out of the Moulds, in any irregular and unusual Manner, with Intent to make it difficult or unsafe for the Officer of Excise to take an Account thereof, Every such Maker of Bricks or Tiles shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any I ine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. G 67. 7°5

Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the lame.

VT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or Lfamifton of commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, or the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next alter the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Central Wuc-Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pal's for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff Treble Cdbv-or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation to foreign Parts, of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

WHEREAS the Exportation of the several Tools and Utensils made use of in preparing, working,

up, and finishing the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, or either of them, will enable Foreigners to work up such Manufactures, and thereby greatly diminish the Exportation of the same from this Kingdom therefore, for the preserving, as much as possible, to his Majesty's Subjects the

Benefits arising from those great and valuable Branches of Trade and Commerce, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if, at any Time after the first Day of August one thou- No Person t<r

sand seven hundred and eighty-five, any Person or Persons in Great Britain shall, upon any Pretence what-. Puton board

soever, export, load, or put on board, or pack, or cause or procure to be loaden, pur on board, or packed, tnjr Vc^eJ

in order to be loaded or put on board of any Ship or Vessel which shall be bound to some Port or Place in tn^ToJl^&c.

Parts beyond the Seas (except tp Ireland), or shall lade, or cause or procure to be laden, on board any in the act fec-

Boat or other Vessel, or shall bring, or cause to be brought, to any Quay, Wharf, or other Place, in order cifietf,

to be so laden or put on board any such Ship or Vessel, any Tool or Utensil hereafter mentioned; that is

to say. Hand Stamps, Dog Head Stamps, Pulley Stamps, Stamps of all Sorts, Hammers and Anvils for

Stamps, Screws for Stamps, Iron Rods for Stamps, Preffcs of all Sorts, in Iron, Steel, or other Metal,

which are used for giving Impressions to Metal, or any Parts of these several Articles; Prelles of all Sorts

called Cutting-out Prejfes, Beds and Punches to be used therewith; Piercing Preffcs of all Sorts, Beds and

Punches to be used therewith, either in Parts or Pieces, or fitted together; Iron or Steel Dies to be used in.

Stamps or Presses either with or without imprelfions on them; Rollers of Cast Iron, Wrought Iron, or Steel, for rolling of Metal, and Frames for the lame; Flasks or Carting Moulds, and Boards used therewith; Lathes of all Sorts for turning, burnishing, polishing, either the Whole together, or separate Parts* thereof; Lathe Strings, polishing Brushcs, Scoring or Shading Engines, Prelles for Horn Buttons, Dies-for Horn Buttons, Sheers for cutting of Metal, Rolled Steel, Rolled Metal with Silver thereon, Parts of Buttons not fitted up into Buttons, or in an unfinished State; Engines for Chafing, Stocks for carting.

Buckles, Buttons, and Rings; Cast Iron Anvils and Hammers for Forging Mills for iron and Copper;,

Roles, Slitters, Beds, Pillars and Frames for Slitting Mills; Dic-sinking Tools of all Sorts* Engines for making Button Shanks, Laps of all Sorts, Drilling Engines, Tools for pinching of Glass, Engines for covering of Whips, Polishing Brushes, Bars of Metal covered with Gold or Silver, Iron or Steel Screvw Plates, Pins, and Stocks for making Screws, or any other Tool or Utensil whatsoever, which now is, are, or at any Time or Times hereafter shall or may be used in* or proper for the preparing, working, finishing,

or completing of the Iron or Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, or either of them, by what Name or.

Names soever the same shall be called or known, or any Model or Plan, or Models or Plans, of any such Tool, Utensil, or Implement, or any Part or Parts thereof; the Person or Persons so offending shall, for on Penalty of every such Offence, not only forfeit and lose all such I ools or Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof together f^feitumherc*-with the Packages, and all other Goods packed therewith, if any such there be, and Complaint being made, ypon the Oath of one or more treJible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, lt shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or Justices of the Peace to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to bring the Person or Persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the same County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty, Shire, Stewartry, Op and if the Of-Place; and if, when such Person or Persons shall be brought before such justice or Justices, he, the ur nor

they shall not give such an Account of the Use of Purpose to which such Tools, Utensils, or 1m [dements, ^Account* and Part or Parts thereof, and all such Model or Plan, Models or Plans, and Part or Parts- thereof; are b intended to be appropriated, as shall be satisfactory to the Justice or Justices before whom her (he, or they gift«atc, shall shall be brought as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice t* bound to ap. Justices to bind the Person or Persons so charged to appear at the next Assizes, General-Gaol Delivery, nc,lC*

706

or be committed for Trial.

Penalty on Conviction.

Officers of the Custorin to seize all such Tools, &c. laid, or intended to be laid on board any outward bound Vesselj

such Goods to be sold*

Penalty on M afters of Vessels who shall permit any such Tools, &c. to be put on board*

Penalty on Officer* of Customs taking any Entry ourward.', Arc. for such Tools or Utensils.

Any Person having in Possession apy such Tool, Utensil,&c.with Intent to export the same, any Justice may issue his Warrant for seizing thereof, and bringing such Person be* fore him

and if he shall not give a satisfactory Account thereof, such

C. 67. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

or Quarter Sessions of the Pence, for the County, City, Riuing, Division, Stewartry, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, with reasonable Sureties for his, her, or their Appearance; and in case such Person or Per foils shall refulb or neglect to give such Security, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices to commit the Person or Persons so refilling to the Common Gaol, or Houlb of Correction, there to be kept until the next Affixes, or next Quarter Sessions of the County, City, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where such Commitment shall be, and until he, she, or they Hull be delivered by due Couife of Law: And in case any such Person or Persons shall be convicted of any of the Justices aforesaid, upon any Indictment or'Information against him, her, or them, at such Affixes or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as afore laid, the Person or Persons so offending shal), for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall also fuller Imprisonment, in the Common Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, of the County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, wherein such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the Space of twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and until such Forfeiture shall be paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and afar the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall and may lie lawful to and for any Officer of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain and they are hereby required to seize and secure, in some or one of his Majesty's Warehouses, all such Tools, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts thereof; and all and every such Model or Plan, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, as such Officer shall find or discover to be laid or put onboard, or intended to be laid or put on board, of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be bound to some Port or Place in Parts beyond the Seas (except to Ireland'), contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, together with the Packages, and all other Goods packed therewith (if any such there be), and they are hereby indemnified in lb doing; and all Took, Utensils, and Implements, or Part or Parts thereof, Model or Plan, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, together with the Packages, and other Goods packed therewith, so seized and secured as aforesaid, shall, after Condemnation thereof in due Course of Law, be publickly sold to the bell Bidder, by Order of the Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain respectively; and one Moiety of the Produce arising by the Sale thereof, after deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale, shall be to the Uleof his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer who shall seize and prosecute the same as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if the Captain or Matter of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in Great Britain, shall knowingly or designedly permit or suffer any Tool, Utensil, or implement, or Part or Parts thereof, or any Model or Plan, or Part or Parts thereof, by this Act prohibited to be exported as aforesaid, to be put on board his said Snip, Vessel, or Boat, every such Captain or Matter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and if the said Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, then the Captain or Mailer thereof shall not only forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, but shall also forfeit his Employment, and be incapable of holding any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs in Great Britain, shall take, pr knowingly or willingly fuller to be taken, any Entry outward, or shall sign any Cocquet, Warrant, or Sufferance, for the Shipping or exporting of any of the said Tools, Utensils, or Implements, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the said Models or Plans, or any Part or Parts thereof, by this Act prohibited to be exported, or shall knowingly or willingly permit, or suffer the same to be done, directly or indirectly, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; every such Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs of Great Britain, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be incapable of holding any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if any Person or Persons hath or have in his, her, or their Custody, Power, or Possession, or shall collect, obtain, make, apply for, or cause or procure to be made, any such Tool, Utensil, or Implement, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any lu^h Model or Plan, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, with Intent to export, or that the same may be exported out of Great Britain to any Part or Place beyond the Seas (except to Ireland), and Complaint being made, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, that there is Reason to believe such Person or Persons hath or have in his, her, or their Custody, Power, or Possession, or hath or have collected, obtained, made, applied for, or caused or procured to be made, any such Too), Utensil, or Implement, or Part or Parts thereof, or any such Model or Plan, or Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, with Intent to export, or that the same may be exported to some other Port or Place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices of the Peace to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to seize all such T ools, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts thereof, and all such Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, and to bring the Person or Persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the same County, City, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place; and if such Person or Persons shall not give such an Account of the Use or Purpose to which such Tools, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or parts, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, is, are, or were intended to be appropriated, as shall be satisfactory to the Justice or Justices

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 67. 707 '

before whom he, she, or they shall be brought as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be law- Tools, kc. miy ful to and for such Justice or Justices to xrause all such Tools, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts h,?dpUi?'r' *n* thereof, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, which shall have been so seized as aforesaid, to be de- {J^00^r°[0 tained, and also to bind the Person or Persons so charged to appear at the next Assizes, General Gaol Dc- appear at the livery, or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or next Atfizcr, &c. Place where such Offence shall be committed, ‘with reasonable Sureties for his, her, or their Appearance; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to give such Security, then, and in such Cale, it or may be com-shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Person or Persons to the County mitted*

Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, there to remain until the next Assizes, or Quarter Sessions of the County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty, Stewartry, or Place where such Commitment shall be, and until he, she, or they shall be delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any such Person or Persons pemlty in case shall be convicted, upon any Indictment or Information against him, her, or them, at such Assizes or Quarter of CvnvicUo*. Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, of having ip his, her, or their Custody, Power, or Possession, or of having collected, obtained, made, applied for, or caused or procured to be made, any such Tool, Utensil, or Implement, or Part or Parts thereof, Model of Plan, or Part or Parts thereof, with such Intent as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the Person or Persons so convicted shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose all such Tools, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts thereof, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, which shall be so seized and detained, and alfp the Sum of two hurufred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britan:, and shall fufter Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of the County, City, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, wherein such Offender or Offenders respectively shall be committed, for die Space of twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and until such Forfeiture shall be paid.

‘4

VI. And whereas, for the encouraging of fifth' Manufactories in this Kingdom, it is necessary that Provision should be made to prevent Artificers, and others employed therein, from departing, or from being seduced to depart out of this Kingdom \. be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That P«naItI Peffrom and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if any Person or Per- $rtifirtri?n ih« fons shall contract with, entice, persuade, or endeavour to seduce or encourage any Artificer or Workman iron or Steel concerned or employed, or who shall have worked at, or been employed in, the Iron or Steel Manufactures Manufacture*, in this Kingdom, or in making or preparing any Tools or Utensils for such Manufactory, to go out of &c. to leave thi* Great Britain to any Parts beyond the Seas (except to Ireland)y and shall be convtfted thereof, upon In- Kingdom: diCiment or Information in the Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or by Indictment at the Assizes, or CC£> 10 r€ an General Gaol Delivery, or Quarter Sessions for the County or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall ‘live or reside, or by Indictment in the Court of Judiciary, or any of the Circuit Courts in Scotland, as the Case may be; every Person so convicted shall, for every. forfirftof-Aftificer so contracted with, enticed, persuaded, encouraged, or seduced, or attempted so to be, forfeit and fenC€t 50of.»n* pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the twelve Month* Common Gaol for the County, Place, or Stewartry wherein the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, Imprisonment; there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of twelve Calendar Months, and until such Forfeiture shall be paid; and in Case of a subsequent Ostence of the same Kind, the Person or Persons so again Second, offending shall, upon the like Conviction, forfeit and pay, for every Person so contracted with, enticed, icool. a* persuaded, encouraged, or seduced, or attempted so to be, the Sum of one thousand Pounds of lawful Yearl | Prfloa-Money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the Common Gaol as aforesaid, there to remain, menu without Bail or Mainprize, for and during the Term of two Years, and until such Forfeitures shall be paid.

VII. Provided always, Thai no Person shall be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, unless such bccommcTcU Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months next after such Offence shall witHnTwel?e be committed. Month*.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and For- Penahict an* feitures herein before mentioned, shall and may be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Forfeiture*how or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster% or in the Court of Exchequer, to be recover* or in the Court of Session, in Scotland, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or Lord Advocate, aadflPPUed« or in the Name of some Officer or Officers of the Customs in Great Britain respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that ojie Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Officer or Officers of the Customs as stall sue and prosecute for the same respectively, after deducing the Charges of Prosecution from the Whole.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced LimitatloatC against any Person for what he shall do in pursuance of this Act, such Suit or Action shall be commenced within three Months next after the?Fact committedf; and the Person so sued may file common Baii,%or MtCr a SOIT\mon Ap{>earance, and plead the General Issue Not guilty, and may give this Act and the Special Cenenl l(Tv>e* Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or suffer Discontinuance, or if Verdict pass against him or her, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff, the defendant shall recover Treble Costs* / Treble C*,

Y

CAP.

7'oS C. 68,69. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

" zo Geo. 3. c. 54; 21 Geo. 3. t. 45; 2a Geo. 3. r.^o; 23 Geo. 3. <58; and 24 Cm. 3. c. ij,

" to continue in force after July 22, 1785. No Commissioner to hold a Civil Office Profit during " Pleasure under his Majesty. Any three of the Commissioners to be sworn before the Chancellor of the " Exchequer, oc, Lords of the Treasury may pav to the Order of the Commissioners. Exe-

" cutors of Accountants to attend Commissioners, and execute their Orders."

Cmimujnte VI. AND be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Posters of taking, examining,

oi tbt« a«. /k and dating Accounts, and administering of Oaths and issuing of Precepts, shall endure for the

Space of one Year from the twenty-second Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and no longer.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; for reviving and continuing the Premiums upon the Importation of Pitch, Tar and Turpentine from East Florida into Great Britain; for allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of Silk Gauzes, and a Drawback upon the Exportation of Raw Silk.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (in-

17 to 3. c. 39, tituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty ufciall Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several R nt.and Duties upon Glass, imposed by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Class in lieu thereof and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass \ and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons, and Bodies Politick and Corporate, having certain fhtantities of Silver Plate); it was, amongst other Things, enacted, ITiat there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. the several Rates and Duties therein expfeffed, upon all Glass imported and brought into the Kingdom or Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Act, nailed in the seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relates to charging the Flasks only, in which Wine and Oil have been usually imported, with the said Duties;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by anu with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority The Duty on of t^e famej That, from and after the first Day of Augi<jl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, tte riprcncc^wine, said recited Act, so far as the same relates to charging Duties upon the Flasks only in which Wine or &c. is impoued, Oil, of the Growth of the Dominions of the Great Duke of Tuscany, shall be imported, shall be and jelled. is hereby repealed; and the said Duties upon such Flasks shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or

payable.

SGw c 4

II. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighteenth Year of tire Reign of his present 1 eo. 3. c. 27, t (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties ut>on Wines and Vinegar

imported into this Kingdom), it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Wines of the Growth or Produce of any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Spain or Portugal, and that no French Wines should be imported or brought into Great Britain, in* any fmalter Vessel or Cask than what is commonly called an Dogshead., in which such Wines have been utually imported, upon Forfeiture

such Wines as should be imported contrary to the said Act, together with the Casks and other Package containing the same (except as therein after was provided): And whereas by the said Act it was provided, That any French Wines may be imported in Bottles, or that any Wines may be imported in fnaalkr Casks than as therein before limited, without Fraud or Concealment, for private Use, and not by way of Merchandize any Thing in the said Act, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage, to die contrary notwithstanding: -*36ce.3«Ciir« 4 And whereas, by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted, That the said Proviso in the said recited Act, so far as the same relates to Portugal or Spanish Wines, or any other Wines, except French Wines, shall be repealed and made void: And whereas it is and may be expedient to permit Spanish and Portugal Wines, and other Wines, to be imported in small Casks and other Vessels for private Use, under certain Restrictions \ be it enacted

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 69*. yog

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, frorp and after the first Day of Augu/toM thottfand seven hundred and Wines may be eighty*-five* mcafe it shall be, ipade appear to the Satisfactifua of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs joiported in ip England or Scotland reflectively, that any Spnntjh or Portugal Wines, or any other Wines, shall be im- *JP11 c?^l» f<#r ported into Great Britain, without Fraud or Concealment, in any smaller Vessel or Cade than what is com- priT4tc trfe* monlycalled an Hogshcady for the private. Use, of the Persons.fadmpotrtipfr the lama, and not by way of Merchandize, that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, or any three or more of them, if they think proper, to admit such Wine to an Entry, and capfe the Duties to be accepted instead of the Forfeiture thereof; any Thing in the said felt recited Act, or any other Act, Custom, or Usege, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the So much of sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain *6 Geo. 3. c. 37.

fQuantities of Wheats and other Articles, to his Majestfs Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Islandcf Saint elena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the £a(t Indies, andoftBifcuif and Pcafe to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respe&Jo advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already {made for allowing the Exportation of Wheats and other Articles), as relates to allowing the Exportation as relates to the of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles* to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies*in America, which wass Exportation of to continue in force until the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and which, .*c: w by several Acts made in the seventqenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-second, cJlonico Su*r ty/enty-thifd, and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the ' first Day of May one thpufeod jeveahundred and eighty-rfive, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, rcvived 5 and to be.revived, and the:feme is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Efted until the first Day of continue m force May one thousepd seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the-End of the then next Session of until May j, ftmiagient. J788, &c.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing *of this Act, until the first Day of May rmmthopa(Uogr; ope tfycjufeiul seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- of th,» Ad ro merit, it shall! and may be lawful to ship and export from the Port of Lancaster, to his MajestyY Sugar ¥*

Colonje? in America, for the Sustenance and UsepLthe. Inhabitants of the said Colonies, any Quantity of beexponed Wheat, Wheat Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal, not exceeding in the Whole ten thousand Quarters, in Lancaster ro the like Manner, and under the fame. Regulations and Restrictions, as if the same had been allowed to be ex- .$»&* Coiooiqifr parted by fthejaid recited Act of the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

V. y\nd, for the better preventing of >fraudulent Practices in the mixing of Snuff with other Material?,

or with other Snuff which been clandestinely imported into this Kingdom, and run on Shore without Paym^pt/pf |)uty, and enteringjtho fame outwards for Exportation, to obtain a Drawback of the Duties thereon, and, privately relanding the same in Great Britain, to the Diminution of the publick Revenue, and Detriment of the fair Trader,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback shall No Debark to be paid, or allowed for any Sort of Snuff which, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven for hundred and eighty-five, shall be exported, or entered for Exportation from this Kingdom, any Law, Cuf- Snuft toim or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the fifteenth So much of 15 and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to im- and 16 Geo. ti power the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the same before c* *5,

Payment yf the Duties of Excise charged thereon, andr to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence; anft for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in rtjpcft to the Duty on some Rock Salt, loft by the Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane, asrelates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations be- as relate* to the fore Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the same in Warehouses at the Expence of the Jandio? Rum, Importers or Proprietors thereof, which was to continue in force from the twenty-ninth Day of September *c* bffore Pl.T-oge thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth Day of September oris thousand seven hun- j?cn.' of^xa*« f <ired apd forty-nine, and from thence to the End oLthe then next Session of Parliament } and which, by uUc*'*fl% federal subsequent Aftsv of the twenty-third and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, and the Tourth,;eleventh, and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was farther continued tmpl the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to ths.End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall ber and the ferae is hereby farther continued from the continued to Expiration thereof, runtil the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, Sept. 29,179*. from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

VII. Provide^ always, and it is hereby further declared and enacted,vThatthe Proprietor or Proprietors, Direai* Importer or Importers, of such, Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the British tive»o<

Sug^r planfatigns, within thirty Daitt next after the Matter or Purfqr, for that Voyage, of the Ship or Vessel therein the said Rum or Spirits of m British Sugar Plantations shall be imported or brought into the King-dgmpf Great Britain^ shall have, orought to have made.a just and true Entry or Report, upon Oath, of ti$ Burden, Contents,.andvLoading, of such Ship or Vessel, in purseance of the Directkms of the Statute *pad$ in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and yegulating Abuses in his Majestfs G/ftomy shall make due Entry with the Officer Cpljeftpr appointed for the Excise^ in the Port or Pfecq where such Runvor Spirits, as aforesaid, shall be ,[Bpprj^ of all iuefi Ruu^ <or Spirits on. board of, fuefr Ship or Vessel.belonging to such Proprietor or Pfo-pnetprs, Imj>pr^er or, Im^rters; and shall, within the said thirty Days, land-the same, and put the same mjo fpsb W.arehpgfe.or Warehouses and.give such Security for the kdue. Payment of the Duties of Excise, ls or are directed by the said Act of the htteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his feid late Majesty,

r!i»

entering such Rum, end lodging it in Warehoustt.

fe Geo. 2. c. 35.

710 C. 69. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 178

on Pain, for every Neglect or Refusal to make due Entry, or to land" the same, and put thd fame into such Warehouse or Warehouses, and to give such Security for the due Payment of tha Duties of Excise within the said thirty Days, to forfeit all such Rum or Spirits, with the Cades and Packages wherein the same shall be contained, belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers of the same so neglecting or refufwg, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Excise.

VIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of his Majestys Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence: and to encourage the Importation of Majls, Yards, and Bovjjprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; certain Premiums, for the Encouragement of the Planters in the British Plantations in America to fend Naval Stores to Great Britain, were granted upon the Importation thereof, for a limited Time; which Premiums, by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, were continued to the End of the Session of Parliament in one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two: And whereas considerable Quantities of Turpentine, Pitch, and Tar, have been prepared by the Proprietors of Plantations and Lands in East Florida, for the Purpose of importing the same into Great Britain, under an Expectation of receiving the like Premiums, and some Part of such Turpentine, Pitch, and Par, has been so imported into Great Britain; but, for want of an Act of Parliament to further continue the granting such Premiums, the Importers thereof are not, by Law, intitled to, nor can be allowed the same, without the Interference of Parliament, and other Part of such Turpentine, Pitch, and Tar, is expected hereafter to arrive: And whereas it is just and expedient that the Premiums heretofore granted upon the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, from East Florida into Great Britain, should be revived, and continued, for a limited Time, from the Expiration of the Session of Parliament in one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Premiums or Bounties upon Turpentine, Pitch, and Tar, granted by the said recited Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and continued, by several subsequent Acts, to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby revived, and continued from the said Period, to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

IX. And whereas, by reason of the Cession of East Florida to the Crown of Spain, several of the Civil Officers therein, whose Duty it was to certify that such Naval Stores, exported from thence to Great Britain, were of the Growth and Produce of East Florida, may have removed therefrom, or may have omitted to give tho-usual Certificates, whereby it is impracticable for the Planters, or Agents of Proprietors resident in Great Britain, to obtain such Certificates as were formerly required \ be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to allow the said Bounties upon the Turpentine, Pitch, and Tar, imported and to be imported as aforesaid, before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; provided the Importer or Importers mall make Oath that, to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, the Turpentine, Pitch, and Tar, mentioned in their Affidavit, were and are of the Growth and Produce of East Florida, and were shipped from thence, and imported into and landed at some Port in Great Britain, mentioning the Time and Place when and where the same were so landed.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have knowingly imported, or shall. knowingly import from East Florida any Turpentine, Pitch, or Tar, which shall not be of the Growth and Produce of East Florida, and shall thereupon obtain the Benefit of this Act, such Person or Persons so offending shall be liable to all the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be prosecuted by his Majesty's Attorney General for the same.

XL. And whereas by an ACT made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.-An Act for wanting

The Premium* upon the Importation of Turpentine, Sec. from East Florida revived, and t continued to Dec. 25, 1785.

dause relative to allowing the Boujiuc*.

Penalty on obtaining the Bounty for Turpentine, &c. not the Produce of East Florida, Recital of 24 Geo. 3.C. 49.

From Aug. 7, 1785, a Bounty to be allowed upon the Exportation ot bilk Cauzes j and a Drawback upon the Exportation of Raw Silk.

the several Articles therein specified, amongst several other Articles therein enumerated, there shall be allow- ed and paid to the Exporter thereof, for all Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk, except Gauzes, made in Great Britain, the Sum of two Shillings for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois: And whereas it is expedient, to encourage the Silk Manufactures in this Kingdom, that a Bounty should be allowed upon the Exportation of Silk Gauzes into foreign Parts J be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the same Bounty shall be allowed and paid upon the Exportation of Gauzes made ot Silk only in Great Britain, as is allowed and paid, by the said recited Act, upon the Exportation of Ribbons and Stuffs ot Silk, in the same Manner as if Gauzes had not been excepted therein, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the Duty imposed upon Raw Silk, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting additional Duties upon Rcnv and Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Cjreat Britain into Parts beyond the Seas; and for dllGVjing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk, shall be drawn back and repaid upon the Exportation of such Raw Silk to any Part of Europe (except the Ife of Man, and the IAands of Faro or Ferro), under such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the Duty of Customs upon foreign Goods is allowed to be drawn back and repaid upon Exportation, except where any Alteration is made by this ACE t

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 70, 71. 711

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Draw- The DnwWk back shall not be paid, \n any Case, until a Certificate shall be produced, to the Collector and Comptroller not to be allowel of the Customs at the Port from whence such Silk was exported, under the Hand and official Seal of a certificated* British Gonful redding at the Port or Place for which such oilk was entered for Exportation, certifying that produced to the such Silk was landed there; and in case there shall not be any British Confyl resident at such Place, then officer, upon the like Certificate, under the Hand and official Seal of the Chief Magistrate for and resident at such Place,

CAP. LXX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties on Male Servants; and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the c*?. 43 of thU Duties on Male Servants; and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants, it is enacted> S*ffioo,

That every Person who shall have living in their Houses two or more lawful Children or Grand Children, under the Age of fourteen Years, shall, in respect of every two such lawful Children or Grand Children,

be exempted from the Payment of the Duties by the said A6i imposed for one Female Servant; that is to say. If any Person having two such lawful Children or Grand Children shall have one Female Servant, and not more, he or she shall be wholly exempted from the Duty thereby imposed; if any Person having four such lawful Children or Grand Children, shall have two Female Servants, and not more, he or she shall pay for one Female Servant, at the same Rate as if he or she retained only one Female Servant, and no more, and so in Proportion for any greater Number, abating one Female Servant, and lowering the Rate of Duty, in the Manner therein before provided, for every two such Children or Grand Children: And whereas it was intended that all Persons mould be exempted from the Payment of the Duties by the said Act imposed in respect of one Female Servant, and no more, for every two lawful Children or Grand Children,

living in their Houses, under the Age of fourteen Years be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person, who shall have Persons having living in their Houses two or more lawful Children or Grand Children, under the Age of fourteen Years, children or shall, in respect of every two such lawful Children or Grand Children, be exempted from the Payment of Grand QhiWreny the Duties by the said Ail imposed for one Female Servant; that is to say. If any Person, having two such p°bc exte?/lCn lawful Children or Grand Children, shall have one Female Servant, and not more, he or she shall be Fcm^Servant* wholly exempted from the Duty thereby imposed; if any Person, having two such lawful Children or Grand for every two Children, shall have two Female Servants, and not more, he or she shall pay for one Female Servant, at such Children,* the same Rate as if he or she retained only one Femaje Servant, and no more, and so in Proportion for any *c* greater Number, abating one Female Servant, and lowering the Rate of Duty in the Manner in the said recited Ail provided, for every two such Children or Grand Children.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for extending the time limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills.

Recital of Cap. 31, of thi» Session,

WHEREAS by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, (intituled, Act granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, f'ilhtalling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures), all Persons interested in, or intitled unto, certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, in the said Act mentioned, were enabled, at any Time before the fifth'Day of ‘June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to subscribe the said Bills in the Manner directed by the said Act, and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, Were, upon sufficient Cause shewn to them, impowered to authorise the Officers of the Navy and Victualling Offices respectively, at any Time before the sixth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to accept and take such Bills as should be offered to them by any Person or Persons who, by unavoidable Accident, were prevented from delivering such Bills on or before the said fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five: And whereas it is necessary to give further Time to such Persons as have been prevented from subscribing their Navy, Vfo-trailing, and Transport Bills, within the said respective Times before mentioned be it therefore enacted hjf the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual’ and J emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That n» Bill. we Officers of the Navy and Victualling Offices respectively, and the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, or to be t.kcn in his Pay matter or Cashier, at any Time or Times before the first Day of September one thousand seven bun- unt’* Aug. j«, ffied and eighty-five, shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to accept 178S* and take in from any Person or Persons any such Navy, Victualling, or Transport Bills as shall be offered to them, and to compute the interest, and mark the same, and to make forth such Certificate or Certificates as are directed by the find Act; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorised and ,m powered to give Credit for such Stock and Annuities as such Person or Persons would have been intitled to in respect of such Bills, in case such Bills had been delivered into such Office or Offices before the "id sixth Day of ^fuly one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

C. 72*. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 17&51

See fj. c. 74. 04. Geo. 3. C.40*

c. 14.

Former Duties repealed.

The following

Duties to be paid for all Linens, mixed Stuffs, Cotton Stuffs, foreign Mullins, &c. which shall be printed, &c.

in Great Britain: (Exception)

For all Linen* -printed, &c. (e*v cept those dyed throughout ot one Colour) of greater Value than 16 d, and not more than as, 6d. per Yard,—id. »q# per Yard:

For all such Li* nerjs, worth more than 2 s.

6 d, per Yard,— 3 d. per Yard :* For all mixed ort Cotton Stuffsi valued at more than and and jiot more »han

3 s. per Y ard,—

% d. pec. Yard:

For all mixed or t'Ovton Stuffy

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Linens to be printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets and Velverets wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted or dyed; and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets and Velvenets printed, stained, painted or dyed in foreign Parts.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Linens printed, faintedp, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; and for,

granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuff's bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on Licences for bleaching ory dying the fame; and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of^or mixed with Cotton, not printed, painted, Jlained, or dyed in Foreign Parts), among other Things, a Duty of three Farthings for every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard wide, and after th^t Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, was laid upon all Linens wholly made of Hemp or Flax* to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain (fueff Linens as should be dyed throughout of one Colour only always excepted), which said Duty was subject to| three additional Imports of five Pounds per Centum each, as in the said Act is mentioned; and certain other Duties were by the said Act granted, which, having been found inconvenient^ Have been repealed, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, whereby it is become necessary to provide a fuffipient Fundk for the Payment of such Incumbrances as were by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament charged 0nt those Duties: Therefore, we, your Majesty's most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain^ in Parliament assembled, think it will be for the Advantage of the Publick to repeal the herein before mentioned Duties upon Linens, wholly made of Hemp or Flax, to be printed, painted, stained, or d^cd ini Great Britain, and in lieu thereof* and of the said Duties repealed by the said Act of this present Session of Parliament, to grant unto your Majesty the several Duties herein after mentioned; and thereforedo most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent, Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said Duties upon Linens wholly made of Hemp or Flajc, to, be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, by the said Act granted, shall cease and determine, ami be no longer paid or payable.

11 And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Ufq of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Linens, and Stuffs made of Cotton irfixed with other Mater.als, Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, British Muslins, and Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured Stuff's made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, and foreign Muslins, which, at any Time or Times after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be printed, stained* painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except iiich. Calicoes, Linens, and f uftians, as shall be dyed throughout of 011c Colour only, and except such Stuffs whereof the, greater, Part in Value shall be Woollen), the additional Rates and Duties herein after expressed, over and above all other Duties payable for the same that is to say.

For and upop all Linens to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed (except such Linens, as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only), which shall be of greater Value than sixteen. Pence, and not of greater Value than two Shillings and fix, Pence determined by the Yard in Length, at the ready Money Price, either in London, or at the nearest Market Town to the Place where (thq. fame were manufactured, before they ara printed, ? stained, painted, or dyed, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny ibr every Yard Square, and after that Rate, for a greater or leiier Quantity;

For and upon all Linens to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed (except as before excepted), which shall, be of greater Value th;(n two Shillings and six Pence by the Yard in Length, at the ready Money Price, either at London, or at the nearest Market Town to the Place where the same were manufactured, beforethey are printed, stained, painted, or dyed* the Sum of three Pence for every Yard Square, and after that, R»tefor a.

greater or lesser. Quantity:

For and upon all Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed* and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British *Manufactory^ to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater Value than twenty Pence, and not of greater Value than three Shillings by the Yard Square* at the ready. Money Price, at London, or at the nearest* Market Town to the Place where the same were manufactured* before they are printed* stained, painted, or dyed, the Sum of. two Pence by the Yard Square, and after that Rate foe a greater or letter-Quantity:

For and ppou all.Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed* and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufo6Ury, to bc^printed, itaiped* paintod, or

A.D. 17%. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 713

dyed (except as before excepted), which shall be of gfeater Value than three ShilKfigs by the Yard Square, with more tha/> at the1 ready Money Price, either at London, or at the nearest Market Town to the Place ‘where the lima were 3*1*' Yard,— manufactured, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the Sum of four Pence by the Yard Square, +* F* y*rd 1 and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity:

For and upon all Muffins made in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed (except as fj>r ill British before excepted), which shall be of greater Value than twenty Pence, and not of greater Value than v*u wor,|? diree Shillings by the Yard Square, at the ready Money Price, either at, or at the hearcft ao7not more

Market Town to the Place where the same were manufactured, before they are printed, stained, than 3s.,—id, painted, or dyed, the Sum of two Pence for every Yard Square, and after that Rate for a greater or teller per Yard 1 Quantity:

For and upon all Mullins made in Great Britain, to be printed, stainbd, painted, or dyed (except as be- Forall Brin* fore exceptea), which shall be of greater Value than three Shillings by the Yard Square, at (he ready Money Price, either at London, or at the nearest Market T oWn to the Place where the same Were manufactured, be- JJryarf—4*. fore they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the Sum of four Pence by the Yard Square, and after that ier Yards Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity: P

For and upon all Fustians, Velvets, VeWerets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs made of Cottbn and Forsii Fuftiint, Other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, Wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, VclvcP* painted, or dyed (except as before excepted), the Sum of three Halfpence by the Yard Square, Whatever the Price of the same may be, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity: per Yird t

For and upon all foreign Muslins to be nrinted, stained, painted, or dyed (except such as shall be dyed for an throughout of one Colour only), which shall be of greater Value than twenty Pence, and not of greater Mufliik to L Value than three Shillings by the Yard Square, at the ready Money Price, either at London, or at the hearfcft printed, &c. Market Town to the Place Where the same shall be presented to the Officer appointed to take an Account word* m*e tin* thereof, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the Sum of four Fence for every Yard Square, and no)

after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity: per Yard,--4*

For and upon all foreign Muslins to be printed, shined, pointed, or dyed (except such as shall be dyed per Yard: throughout of one Colour only), which shall be of greater Value than three Shillings by the Yard Square, jr0Taj| at the ready Money Price, either at London, or at the nearest Market Town to the Plate where the reign Muslins of fame shall be presented to the Officer appointed to take an Account thereof, before they are printed, greater Value stained, painted, or dyed, the Sum of eight Pence by the Yard Square, and after that Rate For a greater or VP0,3 ’ Per teller Quantity.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid^ That the said several Duties herein before New Duties so-mentioned shall be subject and liable to the additional Duties or Imports of five Pounds per Centum, bd/uh^ !°lhe five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, on the Produce and Amount thereof respectively,

in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as the additional Duties of five Pounds per Cent, on the Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, ire granted to his Majesty by three several Amount thereof, Acts of Parliament, made in the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-fecortd Years of his present Ma- 8ram«d by jesty’s Reign. 19 000.3. c. 155

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties by this Act imposed upon a,d Jt cjea, '-I*

all Linens, and Stuffs made of Cotton mixed with other Materials, Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, c. 66.

wove in Great Britain, British Muslins and Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured

Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, ncuJs1cs&®n ^l*c or upon foreign Muslins printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, shall, frtim Time to Time, coUca«d and it* be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered, and paid, by such Ways and Means, and under covered in the such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with the like Discounts, Allowances, same Manner a» Exemptions, and Drawbacks, and in such Manner and Form (except as herein after is other wise excepted),' imposed as the Duties imposed upon Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, by y an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Quefcn An Ue, for saying several Duties upon Sope, Paper, 10 Anna?, c. tr chequered and figured Linens, and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or Jlained

fatnongst other Things thereby charged), towards raising the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand

Pounds, therein mentioned; or by another Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,

fr laying additional Duties on Sope and Paper, and irton certain Linens, Silks, Calicoes, and Stuffs (amongst 12 Anns, Ci other Things thereby charged), towards raising the oum of tine million four hundred thousand Pounds, therein mentioned; or by another Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for ojeertaining the Duty on printed, painted, Jlained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and and 14 Geo. 3. ‘ manufactured in Great Britain, and for allowing the Uje and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations \ or by c- &c. act, other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, relating to the said Duties, or any or them, are to be niifed, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered, and paid, faVe and except in such Cases where it is otherwise provided for by this Act.

V. And, for the better securing the said Duties by this Act granted, be it further enacted by the Authority On or Wore

aforesaid, That such proper Stamps or Seals shall, on or before the first Day of August one thousand fevfcn h *735j hundred and eighty-nve, be provided and distributed by the Commissioners for managing the several Duties ^b?

by the said former Acts, and by this Act, chargeable on the Commodities aforesaid, as may serve to denote ^Payment or charging of the several Duties by this Act, and the said former Acts, chargeable on the same ers for mao^n* CommoditieS respectively; and that the (hid Stamps or Seals; by this Act directed to be provided, shall be the Dufies on «ed and allied accowngly, and shall and may, frcmvTitnfc to Tithe, be renewed or altered by the said* U*h- vWimissioners as often as they shall lee fit to alter the same.

7H

PremfiofH of former Acti for raising the Du* t ei hereby enlarged) extended to ihit Act.

Penalty on printing Lineni, &c. without leaving Notice thereof at the next Office Excise.

Penalty on Persons obstructing Officer* in the Execution of their Duty. Penalty on printing! &c. before the Control dity has been roeafured and rrarked by Ex* tile Officer.

Penalty on removing Commodities before ihty are stamped by proper Officer.

Such Commodities forfeited, if found in the Post'eflion of any Draper, &c.

Penalty on defacing the Frame Mark.

Commoditiei not surveyed to be kept separate from those surveyed.

Penalty on concealing Commo-d.ties with Intent to evade the Duties.

Penalty on

keeping Commodities in any Place whereof no N'otrteshall bare been girth to the Officer.

C. 72. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and T hings whatsoever, contained in the said several Acts of the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for railing, ascertaining, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying, the Duties on such Commodities as are by this Act charged with additional Duties, touching the Stamps thereby or hereby directed, shall be continued, practised, and put in Execution, for raising, ascertaining, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the additional Duties by this Act charged upon the same Commodities, and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at large repeated in this present Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, print, tiain, paint, or dye any such Linens, or Stuffs made of Cotton mixed with other Materials, Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, British Mullins or Fustians, Velvets or Velverets, Dimities, or other figured Stuffs, made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, foreign Calicoes, and foreign Mullins, without giving or leaving at the next Office of Excise for the said Duties, such Notice in Writing as by the said Act, in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, is required, he, she, or they shall, for every Neglect by not giving such Notice, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall print, stain, paint, or dye, any such Commodities aforesaid, shall obstruct or hinder any Officer for the said Dunes in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act for ascertaining and securing the said Duties, the Offender therein, for every such Offence, mall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer of any such Commodities aforesaid, chargeable by this Act, shall begin to print, stain, paint, or dye the same, before the same shall have been measured and marked at both Ends thereof by the Officer of Excise, with a Frame Mark, denoting the Measure thereof, then, and in every such Case, the said Commodities so printed, stained, painted, or dyed, before being so measured and marked by the Officer, shall be forfeited, and the Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, in whole Possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit twenty Pounds for every Piece.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, who shall print, (lain, paint, or dye, any of the Commodities aforesaid, changeable with the said Duties by this Act, shall remove, carry, or fend away, or fufter to be removed, carried, or font away, any of the Commodities aforesaid chargeable by this Act, by him, her, or them, primed, stained, painted, or dyed, until such Time as the proper Officer shall have taken an Account of any particular Quantity of such Commodities aforesaid, so to be carried away, and until every particular Piece or Pared, or Remnant, of the same respectively, be duly marked at both Ends thereof with a Stamp ot Seal, or Stamps or Seals, denoting the charging the Duty as this Act directs, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and that all such Commodities aforesaid, so carried away, without being marked with a Stamp or Seal, or Stamps or Seals, denoting the charging the said Duties, and being found in the Possession of any Draper, or other Trader or Dealer therein, or of any Person for the Use of such Draper, Trader, or Dealer, for Sale, shall be forfeited, and may be lei/.eel by any Officer of Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer of such Commodities aforesaid, shall wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wilfully fufler to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the I rume Mark put by the Officer on any Piece of such Commodities aforesaid, to denote the Measure thereof, every such Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Piece on which the said Frame Mark shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Printer, Stainer, Painter, and Dyer, of such Commodities aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, keep so much of the same Commodities as shall not have been surveyed and taken an Account of by the proper Officer, separate and apart from all others of the same Kind which shall have been surveyed and taken an Account of by such Officer, on Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, shall fraudulently, hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any such Commodities aforesaid, before or after the same are primed, stained, painted, or dyed, with Intent to deceive his Majesty of his just Duties by this Act granted, then, and in every such Case, the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and all such Commodities aforesaid, whion shall be found in any private Work-.house or other Place, whereof no Notice shall have been given to the Officer of Excise, as by the said Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, is required, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, shall keep any such Commodities aforesaid, marked with a Stamp or Seal, or Stamps or Seals, denoting the charging the Duties thereon, or unmarked, in any Warehouse, Room, or Place, whereof no Notice shall have been given to the Officer of Excise, as determined by the said Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, is required; and if any such Commodities aforesaid, stamped or unstamped, shall be found in the Possession or any Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, in any Warehouse, Room, or Place, whereof no Notice shall have been given to the Officer of Excite as aforesaid, then, and in every

Duties to bt under tht Management of the Commissionert* of Excise.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. yi.' 715

fircft'CafS, tfic Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and all Ac

Commodities aforesaid so found shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Utensils and Instruments for Ae *utensil« liable printing, staining, painting, or dying of any such Commodities aforesaid, in Custody of any such Printer, to DulieO» n Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, as aforesaid, or of any Person or Persons to the Use of, or in Trust for them, or ' Fw-

apy of them- shall be liable to, and are hereby made chargeable with, all the Debts and Duties in Arrear and fcitttrcl,

owing by such Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, for any such Commodities aforesaid, printed, stained, painted, or dyed by him or them, or in his or their Workhouse or Places aforesaid; and shall be alto subject td all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons fo using such Workhouse or other Place, for any Offence against this Act relating to the Duties on such Commodities aforesaid, so printed, stained, painted, or dyed; and it shall and may be lawful, in all such cases, to levy Debts and Penalties, and^ use Ziich Proceedings, as may lawfully be done by this Act, in relation to such Commodities, in case the Debtor or Offender were Ae true and lawful Owner of the same,

XVI. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, levying, raising, and securing the several Duties by Ais Act imposed upon all Linens, and Stuffs made of Cotton mixed wi A other Materials, Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, British Muffins and Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, x Dimities, and other figured Stuffs, made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, and upon foreign Muffins printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and for preventing Frauds concerning the same be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Duties as are chargeable upon such Commodities printed, stained, painted, or dyed in England and Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in England for the Time being; and such of Ae said Duties as are chargeable upon such Commodities printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Commissioners of Excise On or before shall, on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, provide proper Frames Aug. j, i7s$, to denote the Measure of such Commodities aforesaid, and proper Stamps or Seals to acnote the.charging Ae Commissionei* Duties thereon, and shall cause the said respective Frames, Stamps, and Seals, to be distributed to the re- p^marks t« spedlive Officers for the several Purposes before mentioned; which Officers are hereby enjoined and required, ^hote SieVe*- in using the same, to do no Hurt or Damage, or the lead Damage Aat may be to the Commodities to be so fore, and Stamp* marked or stamped; and the said Stamps, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from Time to Time to denote the as the said respective Commissioners shall from Time to Time think fit: And if any Person or Persons what- Dntie,« soever shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal to resemble any Stamp p*rfona fraudu-’ or Seal which shall be provided, in pursuance of Ais Act, to denote the charging the Duties on the said lently counter-Linens, Stuffs made of Cotton mixed with oAer Materials, Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Stamp* Great Britain, British Muslins and Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and oAer figured Stuffs made

of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, foreign Calicoes, or foreign Muslins, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, or shall counterfeit or resemble Ae Impression of the same upon any of the said Goods chargeable by Ais Act, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty hereby granted; then every Person so offending, be-: to foffer Death*] ing thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of »> Felon*. Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or 'rimes hereafter, penalrv on Pa-fell any such Commodities aforesaid with a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all and every such Offender and Ostend-i ers, Aeir Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, being duly conviiled as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence,

\ forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall be adjudged to stand in the Pillory in some publick:

\ Place for the Space of two Hours.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by Ae Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times, upon OaA 'made by any credible Person or Persons, that he, Ae, or they have Reason to suspect or believe Aat any such ILinens, or Stuffs made of Cotton mixed with other Materials, or Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove In Great Britain, or British Muslins, or Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, or oAer figured Stuffs, made < f Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, or foreign

alicoes, foreign Muslins called Cqjfaes, or other foreign Muslins printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain for which a Duty ought to have been paid or charged by this Act, or which ought to have been (‘amped as by this Act is directed, are or Aall be in the Custody or Possession of any Draper, or other Person r Persons trading or dealing the rein, or of any Person or Persons for the Use or Account of such Draper, or ojther Trader or Dealer, for Sale, without having thereupon such Stamps or Seals as are by this Act required to denote the Payment or charging the said Duties thereupon; it Aall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of Excise, or any two of them, within their respective Limits, or for any two Justices of the Peaie in any other Parts in Great Britain, from Time to Time to issue their respective Warrants or Orders, thereby authoring and requiring any Officer or Officers of Excise, with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Officer of the Peace, in the Day-time, to search for the same, and to open Doors, Chests, Trunks, and Packages, and to seize such Linens, or Stuffs made of Cotton mixed with other Materials, or Stuffs ‘ vyholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, or British Muslins, or fustians, Velvets, Velverets,.

Dimities, or other figured Stuffs, made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton*

Wool, wove in Great Britain, or foreign Calicoes, or foreign Muslins called Cqjfaes, or other so-; reign Muslins, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and to bring Acm to Ae Excise*

Tons selling Commodities with a counterfeit Stamp.

If Stuffs are

fufpc&ed to be in the Custody of a Draper, 6tcC unft imped, the Commissioners, &c. may iffoe their Warrants to search for tVe’ fame, and if ' fojnd, art for- 1 f cited. 1

716

Cotton Stuff* not bating -three Bine Thread* in «nch SeWagtj tob« deemed foreign Cali com.

14 Geo. 3. C. 7* How such Stuff*

retobeftamped. Penalty on Draper*, 'foe. hating in their Possession such foreign Calicoes undamped,&c. or Staff* celled Brttafb Manu* factory* tiithoet the BiueThrtadt in the Savage*.

Every Piece of Stuff robe marked before printed, dec.

Penalty on Ne-gleft.

Name and Place of Abode of the Owner, and Name and Quality of the Goods, to be marked on StoflfcKtble to the Dtitya id.iq.per Yard,

and the ready Afoney Price to be marked on Good* called. British Manufactory, before prefeoted to the Xacife Officer. Owner to deliter to the PrinU *r, dec. with the Stuffs, dec. an Account of the Number, Quality, and Value of the Pieces delivered, which ia to be given to <be Excise Officer before printing, dec. Penalty on Ne-glelt of the above mentioned Regulation*

C. 7 a. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Office next to Ac Place where they shall be seized, and that every such Warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and such Commodities aforesaid, so found unstamped in the Possession of such Draper, Trader, or Dealer, for Sale, or other Person for the Use of such Draper, Trader, or Dealer, for Sale, shall be forfeited.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, commonly Called or known by the Name of Calicoes, that have not three Blue Threads in each Selvage, as directed by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Dutton trinted, painted, jlained, pr dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, and/or* aunving the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations), shall be deemed to be foreign Calicoes, and on thehr being printed, Rained, panted, or dyed in Great Britain, shall be Ramped, marked, or (baled at both the Ends or each Piece or Remnant, wi A a Stamp, Mark, or Seal, containing the following Words, videlicet. Foreign Calicoes for Exportation; and every Draper^ Trader,^ or Dealer for Sale, having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such Foreign Calicoes, printed. Rained, painted, or dyed (except dyed Aroughout of one Colour only), and not being Ramped or (baled at both Ends of each Piece, as directed by this Act (except such as have been printed. Rained, painted, or dyed, before Ae Commencement of this Act, and have been Ramped or (baled at one End thereof); or having in his, her, or Aeir Custody or Possession, any Piece of Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory (Muffins, Neckcloths, and Fustians excepted), not having the Blue Threads in Ae Selvages, as required by the said Act of Ae fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall not only forfeit and lose Ae said Goods, or the Value thereof, but shall likfcwish forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every Piece of such Goods found in his Custody of Possession as aforesaid; J 1

XX. And be it for Aer enacted, That the Owner or Printer of any Piece, or Remnant of a Piece, of any Coflae, or foreign Muslins, and foreign Calicoes, shall, before the same are presented to Ae Officer appointed to take an Account thereof, mark Ae feme at both Ends with a Frame or Mark, containing in Words at Length his Name and Place of Abode, and also the Name of the Goods which Aey are commonly called or known by, on Pain to forfeit Ae said Goods, and the Sum of ten Pounds for dvery Piece or Remnant of such Goods that (half be printed, Rained, painted, or dyed (except those that are dyed tVpu^bcut of one Colour only), without being so marked.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That Ae Owner or Printer of any Piece or Remnaqf of %ioens, or Stuffs made of Cotton mixed with other Materials, or Stuffs wholly made of Cotton W09I,yove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, or Muslins plain, checquered, striped. figured, or ornamented, that shall be wove in Great Britain, except Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and otjier figured Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made Of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, which are by this Act made subject to a Duty of one Penny Halfpenny per Yard Square, shall mark the same at boA Ends of every Piece or Remnant, with a Frame or Mark, containingjrt Vy ords at Length his or her Name and Placff of Abode, the Name and Quality of the Goods, and the Lineil ^nd Stuffs made of Cotton and oAer Materials mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove irt Great fyitairb cqmtnonly called British Manufactory, wiA the ready Money Price or Value thereof; jfthat is to jay J If Linens, whether the Price is more than sixteen Pence, or more than two Shillings and six Pence by the Yard m Length, or if Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or Stuffs wholly made of Qotton Wool* Wove in Great Britain, commonly called, British Manufactory, or British Muslins, whether the ready Money Priced* Value thereof be more than twenty Pence, and not more than Atee Shillings by Ay ^ar-dl Square, or whether the ready Money Price or Value thereof be more than three Shillings by^he, Yard Square, before the same shall be presented to Ae Officer appointed to take an Account thereof to be printed* Rained, painted, or dyed; and in case the Owner is not the Printer, StaineV, Painter^ ot DybjV Aen} he shall deliver a Note in Writing With the said Linens or Stuffs to the Printer, Stainer* Painter, or, Dyer, expressing the Number of Pieces, their Quality and Value as aforesaid, and the Time when delivered to the Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer; which Note the said Printer, Stainer, Painter* or'Dye*. stall d^liytK taAe Officer who is to take an Account of the said Linens and Stuffs, before the same shall be printed. Rained, painted, or dyed (except those Aat are to be dyed throughout of one Colour) ohtyj, on Paui that every Piece or Remnant of such Linens or Stuffs, not so marked as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be fetzed by any Officer of Excise, and the Owner, or oAer Person putting out or fending such Pjece iioC so marked, Aafl forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds; and that every PrinterStainer* Painter, or Dyer> being the Owner, who shall print, stain, paint, or dye, any of the said Linens or Stuffs (exce^ shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only), shall, before he begins to print. Rain, paint, Of aye the fame* mark each Piece, or Remnant of a Piece, at both Ends thereof, with a r rame or Mar|;, Coitfajning in Words at Length his or her Name and Place of Abode, and also the Name of the Goods which (hey are commonly called or known by, with the ready Money Price or Value Aereof; ftW i$ tt> fayij IfLiifnS wheAer the Price is more than sixteen Pence, or more than two Shillings knd

Length, or if Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or Stuffs Wholly; ty00"!*

wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, or British Muflihs, tvhethej*. the ready Money Price or Value thereof be more than twenty Pence, and not more than thfee ShilRng^ by the Yard Square, or wheAer the ready Money Price or Value thereof be more than thTCt Shillings.by (he Yard Square, before he begins to print, stain,^ paint, or dye the same (except those that are dyed throughout one Colour only), on Pain to forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Neglect, and also the said Linens and Stuffs not to marked as aforesaid shall be forfeited, and may be seizea by any Officer of Excise and in case such Owner, or oAer Person so putting out or fending any such Linens or Stuffs to be printed, stained,

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 7I7

painted, or dyed, as aforesaid, or any such Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, shall mark any Piece or Pcn,7 Remnant of stich Linens or Stuffs at a Price less than the real Value, or ready Money Price, as herein be- s

fore directed, every such Piece or Remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, fh/nthere*V and the Owner thereof shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence. valu«.

XXII. And whereas it may happen in the printing, staining, painting, or dying the Commodities Frame-mirks aforesaid, that the Frame-marks, set thereupon by the Officer of Excise to denote the Measure thereof, unavoidably de~

may unavoidably become obliterated or defaced,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Vo"

said Frame-marks shall become obliterated or defaced, the Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, who shall print, stain, paint, or dye the said Commodities, shall give Notice thereof to the Officer of Excise, under toihefcxciie whole Stirvey h£ and require the said Officer to fenew the said Frame-mark, who shall renew the same Officer, accordingly:' *L \ \ .;v,

XXIII. And be it further enacted by' jtfie* Authority aforesaid, Thatifany Person whatsoever shall, atany Penahyoneoun* Time 6r Tirne$ hereafter, tounterfeit or forge any Frame-mark, to denote the Measure of any such Com- terfeiiing the modifies, directed to be marked by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of F^ac oiark. the Duties to be charged thereon, every Perfgnfo offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of one hundred rounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Pr<mfiofifofthia Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauds, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, shall Aftffcaiiuxtend 'extend to all Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, of what Kind soever, or Stuffs/wholly made of Cotton to the Duiiaim-Woo1T wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in JoActrtn* Great Britain, and shall be practised and putln Execution for railing, ascertaining, receiving, levying, re* c. covering, securing, and paying the Duties imposed upon all Silks, Calicoes, Linens* and Muffs of what c. 9; >*a i* Kind soever, or Stuffs wholly made of Cotton, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, by the Geo. said Acts made in the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his nrefent Majesty, or by any of them.

XX. vT And whereas the Duties imposed determined by the said Act, made m die last Session of Parliament, upon c Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Bri~

1 ft in, and bleached or dyed in Great Britain, have been paid for divers Quantities of such Stuffs which may hereafter be printed? stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and thereby become chargeable with die Duties by this Act imposed upon such Stuffs to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain,

and it is reasonable that, upon Payment of the Duties by this Act imposed upon such Stuffs, when printed,

stained, painted, or dyed, an Allowance should be made for the Duties before paid in pursuance of the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the same Stuffs when bleached or dyed j’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Printer, Stainer, painter, or Dyer of such ADnwbickof. Stuffs,;as aforesaid, who, after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall the D«iet p* print, stain, paint. or dye any of the said Stuffs^ made of Cotton and Linen mixed, or Stuffs wholly made; h?s ffi of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, that shall have been charged with the Duties imposed by the said Good* charg(T-/16V, on their being bleached, and shall have the Mark or Seal thereon, denoting the said Duties to have been able with i*c* charged, and also pic Frame-marks thereon, or for the Owner of the same Stuffs, when the Duties by this Duties, to be ob*

A St granted shall be charged upon the same Stuffs, on their being printed, stained, painted, or dyed, to l*!nt<! uP°n *. make Application to any two or more Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, if such ManneThcreia* StUffs, or Stuffs made of Cotton as aforesaid, shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, within the Limits prefcnbtd, of the Chief Office of Excise in London or Edinburgh respectively, or in other Places in Great Britain, to iny kw6 orvmore Justices of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction fetch Stuffs, or Stuffs made of Cotton as aforesaid, shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed* for a Drawback or Allowance of the Duties before paid upon the bleaching the same Stuffs respectively, upon the Terms, and in the Manner herein after mentioned, that is to say. Such Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, or such Owner, after having given twelve Houf$ Notice, in writing^ to the Officer appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, shall produce Co the said Officer every Piece of such Stuffs, or Stuffs made of Cotton as aforesaid, and shew to such Officer the Stamps or Seals, denoting the charging the Duties upon the bleaching thereof, at bpthEnds,

thereof and also the Frame-marks at both Ends thereof; and the said Officer shall take off the same Seals or - ,

Scamps, and the Frame-marks, from both Ends of every such Piece, and thereupon fetch Officer shall give «

the said Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dye" — r

Charge, except such Stamp-duties as ma Stuffs, or Stuffs made of Cotton as aforeC

Been charged, and the Frame-marks* were upon such Pieces when die feme were produced to him, and that he had taken oft*such Stamps or Seals, and Frame-marks, and that the Duties by this Act chargeable, had "^charged upon the same,,

XXVI. Provided always, That every such Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, or such Owner as afore- P€rr;Rl w1?' feid, who shall apply for an Allowance of the said Duties paid upon the bleaching the said Stuffs, ;Oil Stuffs jj* of Du# ma(fe of Cotton as aforesaid, shall give Notice, in Writing, of nis Intention to apply for the same, unto the °"anc Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the Distri& within which such Application shall be made, fourteen Days before such Application, to the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace respectively, in order that such Colic# cor or Supervisor may attend, if he thinks fit, to shew unto the Commissioners or juf-&ces respectively any Keafon against the making such Allowances; and such Printer, Stainer. Painter, of lf#r £X. Dyer, or his chief Workman, or such Owner as aforesaid, shall make Oath (or, being a Quaker, Affirm-won) before the Commissioners or Justices respectively. mat he verily believes that the said Duties upon o«h to be, bleaching such Stuffs, iar Stufts made of Cotton as aforesaid. have been paid, and that the Duties by this made of the

a Za Act Du"

been paid, Ice.

tics paid under; former Act, U give previous Notice to the Collector or Su-

7?8

CoifHnrffioMft, See* tmhoriftd to administer the Oath,

and to order Repayment of the Dttliea.

Per forts who have paid* or have bought of those who have paid, the Duties* may export. Linens, &c. to, foreign Parti*

Tevirts of Exportation.

No Linens, &c. so be packed up for Exportation, but under the Limitations herein pteferib-

aid Security to be given for their Exportation*

Oath to be made that the Duties have been paid* Jtc*

Drawback allowed on Exportation.

Goods may be opened at the* purl of Exi oration by the froper Officer*

C. 7 2. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 178

Act imposed upon the printing, flaming, painting, or dying the same Stuffs, or Stuffs rttade of Cotton rfe-spe£lively, have been charged thereupon, and that such Notice as aforesaid had been given to the said Officet to take off the Stamps or Seals, and Frame-marks, and also such Notice as aforesaid given to the Collector or Supervisor of the Application being intended to be made $ which Oath or Affirmation such Commissioners or Justices are hereby authorised and required to administer: and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said two or more Commissioners of Excise, or two or more Justices respectively, being satisfied of the Truth thereof, and no sufficient Reason being shewn to them to the contrary, upon such Certificate as aforesaid, from the Officer appointed to examine the said Goods, being produced to them, to order the Collector of the Duties by this Act granted to pay, out of the Money in his Hands arising by the said Duties, unto such Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer, or such Owner, so much Money as the Duties paid upon the bleaching the lame Stuffs, or Stuffs made of Cotton as aforesaid, amount unto; and if the said Collector shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands to pay the same, the Commissioners mall cause the same to be paid out of any Monies arising by the said Duties by this Act granted.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall have paid all his Majesty's Duties by this or any former Act payable for any such Linens, or Stuffs made of Cotton mixed with other Materials, or Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain^ British Muffins, and Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, or foreign Calicoes, or foreign Muffins, or Coffees, printed, llained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain^ or for any Per* fen or Persons who shall buy or be lawfully intitled to any such Commodities aforesaid, Drinted, rained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, from the Person or Persons who actually paid his Majesty's said, Duties, toexpbrt from any lawful Quays, and in the lawful Hours, any such Commodities aforesaid, for which all the Duties shall have been paid, to any foreign Parts by way of Merchandize, upon the Terms, and according to the Directions herein after mentioned; that is to say, The Person or Persons, so intending to export any such Commodities aforesaid, shall give twelve Hours Notice in Writing within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing in other Places in Great Britain, of his Intention to pack up in order to be exported any such Commodities, and of the Time and Place when and wheFc he will pack up the same, to the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall be appointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland \ and such Officer or Officers shall take Care to measure the said Goods, and to see that the Seals or Stamps, denoting the Payment of the Duties upon such Goods, and also the Frame-marks upon the lame, be taken off from both Ends of every Piece so intended to be exported (except as herein after is excepted)and every such Piece shall be packed up in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, wha shall take an Account of the Kinds and Quantities of thfc Commodities aforesaid so intended to be exported, and make a Return thereof to the Officer who shall be appointed by such Commissioners to receive the same at the Port of Exportation, without any Fee or Reward for so doing.

XXVIII. Provided always, That the said Officer or Officers shall not permit to be packed upk in order to be exported, and shall not take off such Seals or Stamps, denoting that the said Duties have been paid or charged, from any Piece of such Commodities aforesaid not having the Frame* mark, denoting the Meafore thereof, distinct and plain at both Ends thereof, and not obliterated dr defaced (except as herein after is excepted), which Frame-mark shall be cut oft'at the same Time as the Stamps or Seals denoting the Payment of the Duties; and the Person or Persons, so intending to export such Goods, shall also give fix- Hours Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of shipping such Goods untathe Officer of Excise of the Place where the same shall be shipped, who shall attend and fee the same put on Ship-board; and the Exporter of the fail Goods shall also, before the shipping the same, give sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person by them appointed for that Purpose, in Treble the Value of the Duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular Commodities aforesaid, so intended to be exported, and every Part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not be unshipped, unladed, or laid orrLand, or put-oa board any other Ship or Vessel within Great Britain (Shipwreck, and other unavoidable Accidents, except^ ed); which Security the Officer of Excise of the Port where the said Goods shall be exported, is hereby directed to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use; and the said Exporter, or hs Clerk ot Manager, shall make Oath (or Affirmation, if a Quaker) that he believes the Duties upon fiiCh Goods had been paid, and that such Goods are the same that are described in the Account sent as aforesaid by the Officer in whose Presence the same were packed, to the Officer attending the shipping (which Oath or Affirmatiort the Surveyor, or other Officer appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, is hereby authorised and required to administer); and the said Surveyor or Supervisor, or-oilier-Officer aforesaid, iartd the Officer Who attended the shipping the said Goods,-being satisfied of the Truth thereof, shall* vratbinrone Month after the Exportation of the said Goods, give to the said Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, ^Certificate $r Debenture expressing the Quantities and Kinds of such Goods so shipped, and that all the Duties are paid' for the same, and that Security hath been given before the shipping the same for the due exporting the fame; and such Certificate or Debenture being produced to the Collector of the Port where the same Goods are exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow to the Persons so exporting the same, or their Agents, a Drawback ot Allowance of all the Duties before paid for such Goods so exported > and if such Collector> shall mot have Money in his Hands to pay the same, then the respective Commissioners of Excise in Gftat Bhtdifl ^Tt required to pay the said Drawback or Allowance out of the Duties upsurLinens or Staffs printed,.shinedj painted, or dyed in Great Britain, arising by this or either of the said-former AdhJ* T ' - 1

XXIX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the ftiippuigfilch Commodities aforesaid (if he shall think ilneceflary) to open or examine such Goods at tlae Fan of Exportation, in order

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 71$

that he may be satisfied that they are the same that are described in the Accountant to hififf by the Officer

whose Pretence the Goods were packed., v# F’

XXX. Provided always, That if, after the shipping p/ajay fochCoton^ aforsfaic^/and t^e ^iyinjtor Pcn^on n*-tendering such Security as aforesaidin order to obtain an Allowance or Drawback of the Duties charged Aipping Goods thereupon, the same Commodities, or ^ny-Pars thereof, shall be wqflffpped, iunladed» or feid oa^Ljuaft* or

put into any other Ship or Vessel within Great Britain (Shipwreck* and other unavoidable Accidents,.ex* fJrC£^a eepted), that then, and in every such C*fe, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which ftuUl.be Jeyied portid*. and recovered to his Majesty's Use,‘ all the said Commodities aforesaid, which shall be unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other Suip or Vessel within Great Britain (except as before excepted), or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited* r'

XXXI. Provided nevertffeless, That the Exporter of such Commodities as aforesaid, as shall have been Exporter! of printed, stained, painted, or dyed, before the said first Day of Augieji one thoitland ieveu hundred and eighty)-; Li.nen*» five, and shall have been marked with a Stamp or Seal, or Stamps or Seals, denoting the charging the former f0"e Au Duties thereon, at one End of each Piece only, shall, upon the Exportation thereof, be intitled to a Draw- i7s5l emioJd back of the said former Duties paid thereupon, upon the Perms, and according to the Directiorts herein be- to peawback, Fore mentioned, notwithstanding such Commodities aforesaid are marked or (tanaped at one End of each the*feh'tbfe * Piece only, such Exporter making Proof, to the Satisfaction of the Officer who shall fee the said.-Goods

packed up, that the same were printed, stained, painted, or dyed, before the said first Day of August one oftbePiedd* thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, who shall certify that such Proof has been made in the Account of only, '

the said Goods, which he is herein before directed to return to the Officer to be appointed by the said Con*-. missioners to receive the same, at the Port of Exportation. - -. y,>» y 0 amj; 1

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies^sing by< die Dubes DaticVto bcptU

by this Act granted shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty -s Exchequer^ fepa*- into the Eache-rate and apart from, ^11 other Duties, and shall be applied to the same Uies and Purposes as;ihe Duties by this ^u?r 6p*an Act, and the said other Act of this present Sedioii of Parliament repealed, were applicable juntos, ?, from aJ1 office % XXXI1L And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That alland every the Powers, Anthori- All the Powers, ties. Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and Penalties, &c. by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, jdn <j&i fur ^£"tained in 12 taking away the Court of Hoards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purvey- '0*her

ance, and for felt ling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by ^tty other Law now m force ^dating to relating to Ex-his Majesty's Revenue of Excite,.or Inland Duiw$ under tlte. Management of the CommissionmioEExeife, rife Duties, fop are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, and

mitigating, or recovering^adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted*, end for pre*? th®

venting, detecting, and punching, Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cases for winch other Penawies granted, fain* or Provisions are prescribed by this Act), shall beexerpifed, practised, applied, and put invExecudoam«nd implied Li exe-/or the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining* recovering, and paying cudngthhAtt. the several Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Inteats and Purpo&s*. as if all andevgr^ the t

'fejd Powers, Authorit'^s, Rules, Dft<dipn$, Methods,'Penalties', Forfeiture*, iGlaufea, Matters, tand

Things, were particularly repeated, ^oflagain enacted in this present Act.; \ * 1 us

XXXIV. And be it further-onaded by the Authority aforesaidvThat all Pinea^.Benaltiw, and For- Penalties and: feiturei, respecting the Inland Duties imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered^ levied, ior mitigated, Forfeitures ho# by J&ich Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, nr.t Forfeiture,<E or n*ay^be Yued for, re'- ^careC]0^red

From Aug. t*

1785, the old

t were

or

his Heirs ^uid Suoceljbr^r,apd the other;Moiety tohi<n>or them who shall ftifeover* ffiforiA, ortfoe for the

jftme,

Xx^ty.1 And it is hereby further en»&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That; thedweral Dutiits which jim'posed by the uerein before recited Act, madle,i» the lait beifton of f ajlisfornb, upoR,all.Studs.made of < mixed with Cpttoni, not printed, painted, itained,-or dyed in foreign Parts, whieb (hopldi be imported or Dujj«.on$toflf*, mfoyghi into, tl)is' KuigJom, shall, from and after, the said hrft i)ay. of, August. ope dtpufand seven hundred fe‘‘r,mapc!'* " >nd eighty-live,'ceaie, determine, and be no longer paid and payable; and in Lieu and in Stead thereof, followingtowjce ;there shall .^e aaised, levied, collected, and-paid, to and for. toe t»fe vf his Majesty*, his Heirs and Successors, Pnc« in lieu for and upon the fe verai Goods herein after ^numerated, which, hom and.W tm' the said first Day of Jugujl thereof, viz. one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be imported or brought into’ this Kingdom from foreign Parts, over and above all Customs, Subsidtes, and Duties alreadjy imposed thereon, the teveral and respective Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say,

TCjf a^d ^pon Sfl Eine's Winteg,/ stained, painted, or "dyed, in foreign Parts (except such Linens aslhall For all Uncot dyed &rdugfioirt*of oiie Colour only, and except also such E’rnens as are prohibited to be used or worn P,imed» &c-in^Cflswl of greater Value *tEafi fftfeen ^nce, arfd not of greater Value than two Jcicept thoT

Shillings ^d[fu Yarjd jw I^wgtbithere shall be.paid the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny by the Yard J,ycd throughout

bquaic; '. C' ' / /; of one Colour,

4c.j, above i6d. and not more than at* 6d. per Yard,r—f d. aq. per Yard:

: ApiTofarrd npofi all such UtietiY-(except;ai before excepted Shillings ^meffik Pencfe'by ftiS Yard iff Length, ffiere shall be Squared '

pted) which shall be of greater Value than two For alj such

paid the Sum of three Pence-by the Yard

ai.

6d. per Yard,—3 d.

ior

Linens worth more than per Yaid i

720

For *11 Cotton or mixed Stuff*, printed, flee# ! foreign Part* from to d. to )« —td.fer Yard*

For all such Stuffs, worth more that! 31« per Yard,—4 d*

For all Muflina printed, dec. in foreign Parts, from 20 d. to 3*. per Yard,—id.

For all such Mufllns arouK pvore than 3 * per Yard,—4d.

For all Fuffians* dec. printed, &c* in foreign Part* xd.iq. per Yard.

Duties liable to the additional Imports of 51, per Cent, on the Amount thereof, as granted by 19 Geo. 3. c. *54

Duties on tm- portition of foreign Linena to be jander ike Management of Commissionert of Custom*, and Drawback to be allowed a* former Drawback*.

Duties on Importation of foreign Linen*

Sce. to be ascertained and paid in like Manner at for other unrated Good*. Limitation of Actions*

General Issue#

Treble Cofl*

t; Car. 2.c* 23, and c. 24.

C.jrf 73* Anno, vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

For and.upon all Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, and all Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wod, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in foreign Parts (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater Value than twenty Pence, and not of greater Value than three Shillings by the Yard Square, there shall be paid the Sum of two Pence by the Yard Square:

And For and upon all such Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater Value than three Shillings by the Yard Square, there shall be paid the Sum of four Pence by the Yard Square: per Y»rt:

For and upon all Mullins printed, stained, painted, or dyed in foreign Parts (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater Value than twenty Pence, and not of greater Value than three Shillings by the Yard Square, there shall be paid the Sum of two, Pence by the Yard Square: per Yard t

And for and upon all such Mullins (except as before excepted) which shall be of greater Value than three Shillings by the Yard Square, there shall be paid the Sum of lour Pence by the Yard Square:

pw Yard:

And for and upon all Fustians, Velvets, Velverets. Dimities, and other figured Stuffs, made of Cotfon and other Materials mixed, or made wholly of Cotton Wool, printed, Raima, painted, or dyed in foreign Parts (except as before excepted), there shall be paid the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny by the Yard Square, and in the like Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Goods reflectively; And the said Duties shall also be subject and liable to the additional Duties or imposts of five Pounds, and five Pounds

perCentum, on die Produce and Amount thereof respectively, in the same Manner, and under the same Re* gulations, as the additional Duties of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per, are granted to

his Majesty by two several Acts of Parliament made in the nineteenth and twenty-second Years of his Majesty's Reign. 1 .

«nd Sft Geo. j.,c. 6$. 1 ..

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That (he said Duties herein before granted upon the Importation of such foreign Linens, Cottons, Muffins, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and figured Stuffs, shall be under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be drawn back upon the Exportation of the same Goods; and the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be raised, levied, collcded, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the same Manner and Font), and under such Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and by such. Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties and Drawbacks for such Goods are respectively raffed, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as Tufly, to all Intents and Purposes, as «f the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to any Act or Acts of Parliament relating the reto^ were particularly repeated and again enacted in this Act.

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the before mentioned.Duties, winch. are chargeable upon the Importation of such foreign Linens, Cottons, and Mullins, according to the Value thereof, fftoli be afcettamed and paid in the same Manner, and the Goods shall be fabjed and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures^: that other unrated Goods, undervalued by‘ the lip-, porter or Proprietor, are subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Adiort or Suit shall te brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Tiling by him or them done in tnttfuancfedf this Act, such Action or butt shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County) and the Defendant or Defendants in futjh Action 6jr Suit may plead rite General KTue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Vera id shall pais for the Defendant of Defendants, or the Plaintiff- or Plaintiff^ shalt become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given again* him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall J»Ve Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to declare that Brewers selling Beer or Ale in less Quantities than a Cask, containing four Gallons and a Half, shall not be intitled to any Allowance out of the Duties of Excise for Waste or Leakage; and for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

WHEREAS, by two Acts of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, one intituled, A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and ether t>*, for the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue during his Life; and the other intituled, An Act* taking

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 73. 721

ing away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knightsi Service, and Purveyancer and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, it was, among, other t Things enacted,' That every Common Brewer, not selling Beer or Ale by Retail, for and in Consideration pfij WaftbW Fillip and Leakage of their Beer and Ale, should have and be allowed, out of the Returns made by the Gaugers,

the several Allowances and Abatements after mentioned; that is to fey, Upon every three and twenty Barrels of Beer, whether Strong or Small, returned by the said Gaugers, three Barrels; and upon every two and twenty Barrels of Ale, whether Strong or Small, returned by the Gaugers, two Barrels: And whereas, by another Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the

ft-.

15 tyr. a. c« iTr

r. f

Second (intituled An Additional Act for the better ordering and coUetting the Duty of Excise, and preventing the Abuses therein), it was, among other Things, enacted, That no Common Brewer of Beer and Ale 4 (houki fell, deliver, or carry out, any Beer or Ale to any of his Customers, either in whole Calk, or by v ..

the Gallon, before Notice given to an Excise Officer, but between the Hours of the Day therein mentioned: And whereas, by another Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of the Reign of King Wil-4 LIAM and Queen Mary (intituled, An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other t Go!, ft Mar*.

Liquors), it was, among other Things, enacted, That the Allowances appointed to be made and allowed* c* H*

to the Common Brewers, other than within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills *.

of Mortality, for Waste by Fillings and Leakage of their Beer and Ale, out of the Returns or Charges made by the Gaugers or other Officers, should be two Barrels and an Half upon every three and twenty 4, Barrels of Beer and Ale, whether Strong or Small, and no more i And whereas rhany Common Brewers, '

under the Clause above recited of the said Act of the fifteenth Year of King Charges1 the Second, do felt

great Quantities of Beer or Ale by single Gallons, to divers of their Customers, and nevertheleft claim tht?

aforesaid Allowance* directed to be made, for Waste by Fillings and Leakage, to Common Brewers not selling Beer or Ale by Retail, by the said two Acts of the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, or 1 by the said Act of the first Year of King William and Queen Mary; and it has been doubted whether such Brewers, (b selling their Beer or Ale by single Gallons, are intitled to the said Allowances now, to remove such Doubts, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advicdand Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the 0/

Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun<hfe#aftd Person<0 '

five, every Common Brewer, who shall fell Beer or Ale, or Worts, m any less Quantity, at any Qn$ Time, selling Beer, than in a whole Cask, containing four Gallons and in Half, shall oe deemed to <or Ale bV Retail,

and shall not be intituled to the said Allowance for Waste by Fillings and Leakage in the said ttoo’A the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and the said Act of the first Yeir of Kfog’nlu

William and Queen Mary, mentioned, nor to any other Allowance for or in Confidefration of fu^ |iR^iaiierr*lt Waste whatsoever. 1 ', \ 1 ?

II. And whereas by a certain Act, made in the last Session of Parliament (intitufecT, An Act to distdp^ %^cUfliR 4 tinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Grf?impthh,\ '.

and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and fat the better Regulaiivn

of the making and vending British Spirits, -....l} ft.

fraying all Home-made and foreign spirits,

Duties of Excfe, within the Lands of Ferentofti, __

limited Time, certain Impels and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies)^ it wa$r,

enacted, That for and during the Space of two Years, to be computed from the first Day of Jsovinfcf

one thousand seven hundred and feigbty^fomyail the Rates and Duties, granted and imposed upon Lb# ' 1 sy

Wines and Spirits for Home Conftmrption,* iri and by any Act or Acts therefore made bhd: thtfft

should be discontinued; and that, in lieu and stead thereof, the several Rates and Duties in the said Act t "

mentioned* should, for and during the said Tftmvofittfo Years, be substituted; charged, and pkldi Duties in the said Act mentioned are lower in Value than the Duties by the said Act dHcomirtued i And"

whereas, zf the Time of passing the Cud Act, divers Distillers or Maker* of Low Wines and Spirits from;

Malt, Corn, cy* Grainy were possessed of a large Stock of Spirits, distilled from Mak^ Corn, or Grainy for which he Duties by the said Act discontinued had been fully paid, and it is reasonabfelthat fbrtfe'

Allowance (hquld bp made to lucfi DistiUefs, in respect of the high Duties so by them paid, fer tile Spirits- -^ ‘ v / ! l a L no Proroi<» is made in the

aib^Thatk Arflbe«>now*,*e mt

Cases where feid

Duties were charged within the Limits of the Chief Office ot Excise in London, to pay, out of the Money for ev«r »5*’ in their Hands, arising by the Duties by the said Act granted, unto such Distiller or Distillers, any Sam or G*\, OD,pto, beli. Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-two Pounds Sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Spirite ipade ftQm.Malt. fQorp? j*Grain, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Qiiaufitv; and, also Proportion of for fh(i Coitiihilfioners of Lxene in Scotland, or the major Part of them, in Cases where the said Duti's were Sum

chWgerf Within the Limits of ttd Chief Office of Excise \tt Edinburgh, to pay, out of the Money in their

t r,

Britain called Scotland and also that it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace *9*4* for the County, Rifling, Division, or Place, in Engla>l and Scotland jespectively, withirv which such Duties were charged, ip. ( ufvs where the said Duties, were charged out of the said respective Limits, to order the ‘ Collector of m c (Rtd 1 )ut*vs‘ to pay, out of the Money in his Hands, arising by the Duties by the said Act -granted, unto full\ Distiller or Distillers, any Sumot Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-two Pounds

7^2 Cr73j74. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Sspirits made from Malt, Corn, or Grain, and in Proportion for a greater or letter Quantity in that Part of Great Britain called England \ and in a rateable Proportion of twenty-two Pounds for every two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Spirits made from Malt, Corn, or Grain, according to the Duties charged thereon, in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland, according to the respective Stock of such Distiller or Distillers, as the same was taken by the Officers of Excise respectively, who surveyed the several and respective Malt Distillers, between tire twenty-second Day of October, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the Commencement of the said

ST* Days Notice

to be given of Intention to apply for said Allowance*

Act; and if the said Collector shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands to pay the said Sums so ordered, the Commissioners shall cause the same to be paid out of any Monies arising by the said Duties.

Retidoii to be verified on Oath,

Penalty on making false Oath*

Application to be made by Nov. 1,17S5. Allowance when a feerrained never to be again examined.

Regulations for Persons applying for the Allowance*

III. Provided also, That every such Distiller who shall apply for such Allowance, shall give Notice of his Intention to apply for the same, unto the Collector or Supervisor of Excile of the District within which the Distillery of such Distiller is situated, six Days before such Application to the Commissioners of Excise or Justices of the Peace respectively, in order that such Collector or Supervisor may attend (if he thinks fit), to shew unto such Commissioners or Justices how much the Stock of such Distiller respectively amounted unto according to the Survey of the Officers made in October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, J as aforesaid.

IV. Provided also, That every such Distiller, intending to apply for such Allowance as aforesaid,' shall apply for the same within six Months after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nve.

V. Provided also, That after any of the said Commissioners or Justices shall have once ascertained such Allowance, the same shall never after be examined into by any other of the Commissioners or Justices,

VI. And whereas an Account was taken of the Stock in Hand, at the several different Corn Diffil- leries, by Order of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, and by their proper Officers, within ten Days next preceding the Commencement of the new Rate of Duties chargeable' 4 under the said Act, and was so taken, cast, and computed, at and after the Rate of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person, claiming any Allowance by way of Drawback as aforesaid, shall and do present a Petition to the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively; in which Petition shall be dated, not only the Amount of the Allowance claimed thereby, but also the particular Place and Places where the Spirits on which such Drawback is claimed, were made and distilled, the particular Period or Time, within twelve Months last preceding the Commencement of the reduced Duties, when the Stock of the Petitioner, at each and every of such Place of working, was either entirely out or at the lowed State, if any was then in Hand), the Tune next after such Period when working began at each of such Places respectively, and for how long Time' Worts and Wash were continued to be brewed and distilled therein respectively, the Quantity of Wash brewed, and on which the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits have been charged, and actually paid by the' Petitioner, and the whole Amount of the Duties so respectively paid within such Period; and that the Quantity of Spirits fold and permitted out since the Period, within such twelve Months, at which the Stock was either wholly out, or at the lowed State as aforesaid, together with the Stock so remaining in Hand,' and on which such Drawback shall be claimed (cast and computed at one to ten over Hydrometer Proof),' did not amount to one fifth Part of the Quantity of Wash, on which the Duties chargeable on Low Wines and Spirits had been charged, and actually paid by the Petitioner within such Period, Respect being* had to the Stock in Hand, if any was at such lowed State, or when the Petitioner so began working; to' which Petition shall be annexed an Affidavit, made and sworn by one or more of the Petitioners, before any two or more of the said respective Commissioners, or before two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Spirits were remaining in Stock, verifying the Particulars and Matters dated in such Petition; and every Person or Persons, who shall be convicted of making or taking a false Oath, to any of the Fa Sts herein before directed or required to be sworn, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons ^re liable for wilful and' corrupt Perjury.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several Acts as relates to the Removal of Tea; for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities; and for better securing the Duties on Candles.

ca Geo. *.c 4 XX

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and also several Duties on inhabited Houses; and upon the Importation of Cocoa Aruts and Coffee; and for repealing the Inland

Duties of Excise thereon; it was enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of September one thousand seven hunched and eighty-four, the several Rates, Duties, and other impositions upon Tea, imported, fold, or uied in this Kingdom, should cease, determine, and be r>o longer paid or payable; and that upon all Tea, which, from and after the said fifteenth Day September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, should be delivered to the Buyers thereof by the United Company of Merchants of England,

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. 723

trading to the East Indies, there (hotild be paid to the King’s Majesty, his Heite and Successors, by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Tea, a Duty of twelve Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, to be computed upon the grots Prices at which such Tea mould be fold; which-Duty should be paid as in and by that Act is in that Behalf directed and appointed: And whereas it is expedient that the Paid Duty, by the said Act granted upon Tea, should be repealed; and in lieu of the said Duty, by the said Act granted upon Tea, to grant unto his Majesty the two new Duties of five Pounds per Centum, and seven Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum, herein after mentioned ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of Fm f» August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said Duty, by the find Act granted upon Tea, fhTI onTea'r^tei* ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering t>, rhr r/jiiu any Arrears of the said Duty, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture, Act repealed. Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred upon, or at any Time before the said §rft Day of Augifl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Tea which, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be sold by the said United Company, there shall be paid to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one Duty of five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the gross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold; and also one other Duty of seven Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum, to be also computed upon the gross Prices at which f jeh T ea shall he fold; which said Duties of five Pounds per Centum, and seven Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum* shall be paid, by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Tea, to the said United Company, at such Time or Times as shall, by the Conditions of Inch Sales, be from Time to Time appointed for the Payment of the Price of such Tea to the said United Company; and the said United Company shall at all Times, together with

New Duties la lieu thereof*

Jty or nve o^ry-of ;per

Pounds per Centum shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time Cenr. to be unbeing, and shall be again drawn back and repaid upon the Exportation of such Tea to any Place where a denhc Mamgc-' Drawback of the Duty on Tea is now allowed by Law; and the said United Company shall also, at all m!tnt of Com-Times, together with the proper Officer of Excise, make up an Account of seven Pounds and ten Shillings cuaomt' per Centum, to be computed upon the gross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold, and pay the same to the u* m ’ Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, within forty Days after the Expiration of each Quarterly bale; which last mentioned Duty shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, an Inland Duty, and shall Dutvofyl. ros* be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, and shall be again drawn periCenJ' back and repaid upon the Exportation of such Tea to any Place where a Drawback of the Duty on Tea n^gc^Lt oi*he is now allowed by Law; and such Tea shall and may, from Time to Time, be exported to any Place or CommuTvmra Places where the Exportation of Tea is now allowed by Law, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and of Excise, &c. under and subject to the same Rules, Restriction:, Regulations, and Provisions (not otherwise directed by this Act), which in and by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for permitting Tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Mcyjlfs Plantations in America, without paying the Inland Duties charged thereupon by an Act of the eighteenth Year of his Pgef'nt Majesty's Reign; and for enlarging the Time for fame of the Payments to be made on the Sulfcrxption of Jix millions three hundred thousand Pounds, by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament; or in or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Exportation of Tea iiv force at the Time of the passing of the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, are contained, provided, letthd, or established, relating to the Exportation of Tea; and such Rules, Restrictions, Reflations, and Provisions, shall be in full force,'and be duly observed, practised, applied, uled, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, upon such Exportation of any such Tea; any Thing herein, or in any oilier Ad *'pvL<\ in or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. <uun$<bi^ad.

JII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in calc the Monies by the said Act of Jtcceivfr o e-

a* Geo. 2.1.14,

Provisions in V,i Act, Scc. relative to Exportation 01 Tea, to t»e

the Sum of eighty-seven thousand one hundred and thirty-six Pounds hxteen Shillings and eight Peace miism Farthing, the said Receiver General shall pay over such Excels or Surplus into the Hands of the said Com- Excise* missioners of Excile for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, all the Monies that shall a rife by the; per Cm. said Duty of five Pounds per Centum, granted by this Act fother than and except such Excels or Sur- Da y (ciccntxl.c

the Surj iu,) t. he

or pid inm

dlion

of Parliament; and the said Duty of seven Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum, hereby granted, together with such Excess or Surplus as aforesaid, shall (all Costs, Charges, and Expences of railing, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the lame being first deduced) be, by the said Couur.issioners of Excise for the Time being, distributed in due Proportion to the respective Heads of Excise to which the Inland Duties on Teas, repealed by the said Act of tire last Session of Parliament, were applicable, and shall be by them paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the R*wc of one hundred and thirty-eight Vol.XIV, Part V. 5 A thousand

and olfo th - 7 i. to s. p?r C<?jit* Uuu,

724*

Application of the Duties,

In case of a Deficiency of Duties, the same to be made good ut of the Sinking Fund.

Receipts of Commissioner* of Excise a fuf-icient Discharge to Receiver Ge-jierafof Customs.

Surplus of Duties, how to be applied.

Monies to arise from the Duties on Cocoa blurs and Coffee, how So be applied.

at Geo. 3. c. 55.

ai Oeo- 3* c*

C. 74. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine Pounds five Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny per Quarter; and such Monies, so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, by the said Collector inwards, and Commissioners of Excise respectively, shall be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the said Duty on Tea, repealed by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, were applicable unto; and in case, in any one Quarter, the Monies arising by the Duties granted by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament (other than the Duty on Tea hereby repealed), together with the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum by this Act granted, over and above all Costs, Charges, and Expences of railing, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the same, shall be less than the Sum of eighty-seven thousand one hundred and thirty-six Pounds sixteen Shillings and eight Pence Farthing, the said Receiver General shall return a Certificate thereof into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer aforesaid; and in case, in any one Quarter, the Monies arising by the Duty of seven Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum by this Act granted, together with such Excess or Surplus as aforesaid, over and above all Costs, Charges, and Expences of railing, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the lame, shall be less than the Sum of one hundred and thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine Pounds five Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny, the said Commissioners of Excise shall return a Certificate thereof into the said Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer aforesaid; and such Deficiencies respectively shall, from Time to Time, be made good by or out of such Money as shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of or for the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Money, or other Revenues composing the Fund commonly, called The Sinking Fund, at the Quarter Day next after the said Certificates respectively shall have been returned into the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt; and whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said F'und to make good such Deficiencies respectively, shall be replaced by or out of the hrft Supplies to be thereafter granted by Parliament.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Receipts of the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Receiver General of the Customs for such Monies as he shall pay to them in pursuance of this Act, and such Receipts shall (jpverally be allowed by the proper Officer or Officers in passing the Accounts of such Receiver General.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the ponies hereby directed to be paid to the Commissioners of Excise shall, in any one Quarter, produce, over and above all Costs, Charges, and Expences of raising, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the same, more than sufficient to satisfy the said Sum of one hundred and thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine Pounds five Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny, the Surplus which remains, after Satisfying that Sum, shall be paid by the said Commissioners of Excile into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, and be applied towards making good the like Sums charged upon the said Subsidy and Duty on Houses, Windows, and Lights, in the next succeeding Quarter.

VII. And whereas, by the before recited Act of the last $eflion of Parliament, the several Duties and other Impositions of Excise upon Cocoa Nuts or Coffee are repealed, and sundry Duties are granted and charged on Cocoa Nuts and Coffee imported in lieu thereof \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies that shall arise and be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for and on account of the said Duties, shall be, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be applied in Manner following; videlicet, One Moiety or Half Part ihercof shall be carried to, and made a Part of the F'und, commonly called The Aggregate Fund\ and the other Moiety shall be carried to, and made a Part of the F'und, commonly called The General Fund; in lieu of the former Inland Duty on Coffee so repealed; and shall be issued, paid, and applied to and for the same Uses and Purposes as the said respective Funds are subject, liable, and appropriated unto.

VIII. And whereas, by a Clause in a certain Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein \ for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to 4 B reivers out of the additional Duties imprjed on Ala It; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with ref peel to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said All; it was enacted, That no Tea, exceeding the Quantity of forty Pounds Weight, not being in the original Chest in which the same Tea was imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same State in which it was so imported, at any One Time, directed to one and the same Person, or Persons where there are two or more in joint Trade or Partnership, should be removed or carried from any City, Town, Parish, or Place, in this Kingdom, not being within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to any other Place out of the Limits aforesaid, not within the said City, Town, Parish, or Place from which the same should be so removed or carried, under and subject to the F forfeitures in the said Act mentioned; and by another Clause in a certain other Act, made in the twenty-focond Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act fif rep calm* the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above six Shillings the Barrel^ exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ for granting additional Duties on Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned; and alfi additional Duties on Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and afo for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excijc who may hear Gaufes depending before them relative to the Duties on Alale Servants; the removing or carrying Tea, exceeding the Quantity of

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74, 725

twenty Pounds Weight, in Manner in the same Act mentioned, was prohibited, under the Forfeitures c in the same Act mentioned; and the last mentioned Clause is amended and enforced by another Clause in 4 a certain other Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled An tj Geo. ;. c. 7.

Act for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of foreign Spirits* and for putting a Stop to the private Distillation of British-?* Spirituous Liquors; for explaining such Part of the Act imposing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the fujlices of the Peace: to amend and rectify 4 a Mijlaks in an Act of the last Sc [fur. of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for p r eventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise atting in pursuance,

of the Authority given by Excise Statutes; whereby it is enacted, That if any Tea, exceeding the Quantity of twenty Pounds Weight at any one Time, directed to one and the same Person, or Persons (where there are two or more in joint Trade or Partnership), and not being in the original Chest, in which the same was imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same State in which it was imported, should be found removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without Permit, from any City, Town*

Parish, or Place, in this Kingdom, not being within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to any other Place out of the Limits aforesaid, not within the said

City, Town, Parish, or Place, from which the same should be so removed or carried, all such Tea, together with the Canisters, Bags, and other Package, containing the same, and the Vessels and Boats,*and the Horses, and other Cattle and Carriages employed in removing and carrying the same, should be forfeited, and should and might be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: And whereas the restraining the removing Tea from one City, Town, Parish, or Place to another, without the Limits of the

Chief Office of Excise in London, to so small a Quantity at one Time as twenty Pounds Weight, has

been found inconvenient be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August CUtifei repetlc*.

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said several Clauses shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further declared and enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Direc- A11 tbcpowerf tions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an indProvifionim Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majest^ King George the First, intituled, An Act 10 Geo. 1. c. 10.

repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa *nd other Atfsin Pajle imported; and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof \ and for prohibiting the Importation of f0WC ,tJeP* Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Pajle \ and for better ascertaining the Duties payable utoti Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported \ and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carnwatn; 'or in any other fondling, re-Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Duties upon l ea, in force at the Time of passing of the said coding, &c. the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for managing, Duty thereby assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing ®eemed\o°h»e the Duty thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, shall be in force* deemed and taken to have been in full Force, to all Intents and Purposes, from the Time of the passing of fl)r securing the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the managing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, the Duty recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the said Duty hereby repealed^ and Sranted b-v for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto; and the same Powers, Authorities, Methods. Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, piie0 \n e*ecUt-shall be and continue in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, fngthiiA^ throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, in and for the managing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said several Duties by this Act granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes (so far as the same are not altered by this Act), as if the said Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures^ Provisions, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, or in this Act.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to subject any Person or Persons to Not to subject to

any Penalty or Forfeiture for any Act done or committed by him or them before the passing of this Act, to Forfeitures b«-which such Person or Persons would not have been liable if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein fore the Pa®ns before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding., hereof.

XI. And whereas, by several Acts of Parliament, the several Duties of Excise, or Inland Duties, or Reciting Re.

certain Proportions of such Duties, payable for or upon the several Commodities after mentioned; that guUtions and is to say. Candles, Leather, Sope, Hops, Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, Paper printed, ^J*ers painted, or stained, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, Starch, Gold or Silver Wire, and Bricks officer*of Cof/ and 'Files, are allowed to be drawn back on Exportation of the said several Commodities to foreign Parts by tonvs under for* waY of Merchandize: And whereas, by the said several Acts of Parliament, certain Regulations are pro- racr Adit

vided for preventing Frauds in the Exportation or relanding any of the said Commodities, <and certain Powers and Authorities are by the said several Acts given to the Customers, Collectors, or other Officers of his Majesty's Customs, at the respective Ports or Places of Exportation of the said. several Commodities respectively, to administer certain Oaths, and to take Securities for the due Exportation of the said several and respective Commodities, and to grant to the Exporters thereof Certificates or Debentures for the

Allowance of the Duties on the said Commodities so exported respectively: And whereas the requiring those Regulations, Powers, and Authorities, to be observed and executed by the Customers, Collectors,

5 A 2 4 w

7*6

Such Parts of those Adg it-. peakd.

Any such Com* moditics, for which the Duties are paid, may be exported.

Notice to be given before packing up the fern*.

Penalty nnopcn-ing Package* ,&c.

If such Coeds /bail not be packed agreeable to former Notice, a fresh Notice to begivra.

Exporter to give Secutity for the Shipping thereof, £c.

an<i fli 11 receive Certificate frc»in the Officer.

Officer attending the shirping fu :h Com modi-

C. 74. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

or other Officers of his Majesty's Customs, has been found inconvenientp be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, fro.tn and after the tenth Day of Jugujl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, such Parts of such several Acts of Parliament as require the said Regulations, Powers, and Authorities, to be observed and executed by the Customers, CoIIcdlors, or other Officers of his Majesty's Customs, shall be repealed, and shall be no longer observed or piadtifed; and that, instead thereof, it mail be lawful for such Officer or Officers of Excise, as the Commissioners of Excise shall appoint for that Purpose, and they aie hereby required to execute all and every the said Regulations, Powers, and Authorities, as fully and effectually as the Customers, Collectors, or other Officers of the Customs, might have clone before the passing this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of Jugujl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, who mail have paid all his Majesty's Duties by any Act or Acts of Parliament payable for any of the respective Commodities aforesaid, or for any Person or Persons who shall buy, or be lawfully intitled to any of the said Commociit es, from the Person or Persons who actually paid his Majesty's Duties thereupon, to export from any lawful Quays, and in the lawful Hours, any tuch respective Commodities, for which all the Duties shall have been paid, to any foreign Parts by way of Merchandize, upon the 'Perms, and according to the Dilutions herein after mentioned; that is to say, The Person or Persons so intending to export any such Commodities, shall give twelve Hours Notice, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and twenty-four Hours Notice in other Places in Great Britain, of his Intention to pack up, in order to be exported, any such Commodities, and of the Time and Place when and where the same are intended to be packed up, to the Officer or Officers of Excise, who dial) be appointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland; and such Officer or Officers shall attend to fee such Commodities packed up, and the same shall be packed up in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, and shall be secured with such Faffenings, and sealed with such Seal or Mark, and in such Manner, as the said rdpedfive Commissioners shall direct; and if any Person shall open such Package, or wilfully deibroy or deface such Sea] or Mark (save and except the Officer of Excise at the Port of Exportation, as herein after mentioned), every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and the Officer or Officers who saw the said Commodities packed up, shall take an Account of the Kinds and Quantities of the said Commodities so intended to be exported, and make a Return thereof to the Officer who shall be appointed by such Commissioners to receive die fame, at the Port of Exportation, without any Fee or Reward for so doing.

XIII. Provided always, That if the Person or Persons, so intending to pack up such Commodities, shall not begin and proceed to pack up the same at the Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour after such Time, then such Notice shall be void, and such Person or Persons, so intending to pack up such Commodities, shall be obliged to give a fresh Notice to such Officer or Officers of the Time and Place whin and where such Commodities are intended to be packed up in order to be exported; and the Person or Persons, so intending to export such Commodities, shall also give six Hours Notice of the Time and Place of shipping such Commodities, unto the Officer of Excise of the Place where the same shall be shipped, who shall attend and fee the same put on shipboard; and the Exporter of the said Commodities shall also, before the shipping the same, give sufficient Security, to be a^groved of by the rtfpcclive Commissioners of Excise*Y or the Person by them appointed for that Purpose, in i reble the Value of the Duty intended to be drawn-back, that the particular Commodities, (o intended to be exported, and every Part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and (hell not be unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted; which Security the Officer of Excise of the Port where the said Commodities shall be exported, is hereby duelled to take in his Majesty's Name and to his Majesty's Lie; and the said Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, shall maka Oath, (or Affirmation, if a Quaker), that he believes the Duties upon such Commodities had been fu!N paid, and that such Commodities are the same that are defer ibed in the Account sent as aforesaid, by the Officer in whole Presence the lame were packed, to the Officer attending the shipping, (which Oath or Affirmation the Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, is hereby authorised and required to administer); and the said Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer aforesaid, and the Officer who attended the shipping the said Commodities, being! a tidied of the Truth thereof, shall, within one Month after the Exportation of the said Commodities, give to the said Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, a Certificate or Debenture, expressing the Quantities and Kinds of such Commodities lo shipped, and that all the Duties have been paid for the same, and that Security hath been given, befow the shipping the same, for the due exporting the lame; and such Certificate or Debenture, being produced to the Collector of the Port where the same Commodities were exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the Persons so exporting the same, or their Agents, a Drawback or Allowance of the Duties before paid for such-Commodities so exported, or of such Part and so much of the said Duties for such respective Commodities ft) exported, as may now be drawn back or allowed on the Exportation of any of the said Commodities respectively by any Law or Laws now in force; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the lame, then the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland are required to pay the said Drawback or Allowance out of such Duties as Drawbacks or Allowancesr granted upon the Exportation of the same Commodities, are now payable by Law respectively.

XIV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the shipping such Commodities, if he thinks it nccdlary, to open or examine fuT Commodities at the Port of Exijortanon, in order that he

0 may

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. 727

may be satisfied that such Goods are the same that are described in the Account sent to him by the Officer in del, niay ?%*-whole Pretence the Goods were packed. mine them.

XV. Provided always, That if, after the shipping any such Commodities, and the giving or tendering Goods bntfH, such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain a Drawback or Allowance of the Duties before paid or ^tcrliv, ri* charged thereupon, the same Commodities, or any Part thereof, shall be unfoipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel within Great Britain, Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Acci- Dn«[, Jk, u dent, excepted, that then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be I. forfeited levied and recovered to his Majesty's Lfe, all the said Commodities which inail be so unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel within Great Britain, Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise.

XVI. And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,

for laying everal Duties upon ail Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and ioAim*,c,

upon chequered and Jlriped Linens imported; and tfpon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed,

painted, or stained; and also by another Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,

for hying additional Duties on Sope and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Callicoes and Stuffs, the 12 Ann», c. 9.

Duties of Excise, or Inland Duties, payable on Silks, Callicoes, Linens, or Stuffs, printed, painted,

stained, or dyed in Great Britain, are allowed to be drawn back on the Exportation of such Goods to foreign Parts by way of Merchandize, and several Regulations are provided by the said Acts for preventing Frauds in the Exportation or relanding of such Goods; and certain Powers and Authorities are thereby given to the Customers or Collectors, or other Officers of his Majesty's Customs, at the tespective Ports c or Places of Exportation of the Paid Goods, to administer certain Oaths, and to take Securities for the due Exportation of the said (Joods, and to grant to the Exporter Certificates or Debentures for the Allowance of the Duties on Goods so exported: And whereas the requiring those Regulations, Powers, and Authorities, to be observed and executed by the Customers, Collsdlors, or other Officers of his Majesty's Customs, has been found inconvenient be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of Certain Part*of A'lgvft one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, those Parts of the aforesaid two Acts of Queen Anne, the recited which require the said Regulations, Powers, and Authorities, to be observed and executed by the Customers, Acts repealed, Collectors, or other Officers of his Majesty's Customs, shall be repealed, and shall be no longer observed or pracbfed; and that, instead thereof, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers of Excise as the Commissioners of Excise shall appoint for that Purpose, and they are hereby required to execute all and every the said Regulations Powers, and Authorities, as fully and effectually as the Customers, Collectors, or other Officers of the Customs, might have done before the passing this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of Anr August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall ^Dutiw^vc have paid all his Majesty's Duties for any such Siiks, Callicoes, Linens, or Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, been paid or dyed in Great Britain, or for any Person or Persons who shall buy, or be lawfully intitled to any such be exported. Goods from the Person or Persons who actually paid his Majesty's said Duties, at any lawful Quays, and in the lawful Hours, to export any such Goods, for which all the Duties shall have been paid, to any foreign Parts by v/ay of Merchandize, upon the Terms, and according to the Directions, herein after mentioned; that is to say. The Person or Persons intending to export any such Goods shall give twelve Hours Notice Notice to be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and twenty-four Hours Notice in other Places before in Great Liitain, of his Intention to pack up such Goods in order to be exported, and of the Time and Pack4ns die Place when and where the lame are intended to be packed up, to the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall 4Xne# be appointed f ;r that Pur poll* by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland; and such Officer or Officers shall attend to fee such Goods packed up, and shall take Care to measure the said Goods, and to see that the Seals or Stamps, denoting the Payment of the Duties thereupon, are taken off from every Piece of such Goods before the lame are packed up; and every such Piece shall be packed up in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, and shall be secured with such Fastenings, and sealed with such Seal or Mark, and in such Manner, as the said respective Commissioners shall direct; and if any Person shall open such Penalty on Package, or wilfully destroy or deface such Sea) or Mark, (save and except the Officer of Excise at the Port openme Pack of Exportation, as herein after mentioned), every Person lb offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of ages, See. twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and the Officer or Officers who law the said Commodities^ packed up shall take an Account of the Kinds and Quantities of such Goods so intended to be exported, and make a Return thereof to the Officer, who shall be appointed by such Commissioners to receive the same, at the Port of Exportation, without any Fee or Reward for so doing.

XVIII. Provided always, That if the Person or Persons so intending to export such Goods, shall not On Failure of begin and proceed to pack up the same at the Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour after finch beginning to /Fnne, then such Notice shall be void; and such Person or Persons so intending to pack up such Goods,

shall be obliged to give a fresh Notice to such Officer or Officers, of the Time and Place when and where NoticeW

facfi Goods are intended to be packed up in order to be exported. be given.

XIX. And whereas, by an Act passed in the present Senior* of Parliament, intituled, An Act for re- Cap. 72,

pealing the Duties on Linens to be printed, painted, plained, or dyed in Great Britain, irnbojed by an Jd made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and on Cotton Stuffs, Mi fins,

Fustians, Velvets, and Verve*ets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, Jlolned, painted, or dy-'d\; and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuff, Ain/It ns, Fujhaas, Velvets, and I eiverets, printed, plained, painted,

cr dyed in Foreign Parts, every Piece of Linen or Stuffs, or Stuffs made ol Cotton, to be printed, painted,

stained, or dyed in Great B/iud.n, after the salt Day of August one thouCuul seven hundred and eighty-

728

Dtre&ioni relative to Silks, Callicoes, &c. painted or dyed before Aug. 1, 1785, and de-figred for £x-puution.

Exporter to give

Secutity that the Goods shall not be relanded in, Great £ntainf Ac*

Surveyor, &c, within a Month after Exportation to give a Certificate to the Exporter, which shall intitle him to a Drawback.

Officer attending the shipping of Goods may examine the same.

Goods, after shipped for Expectation, re-lan ded, jbJI be forfeited.

Not to authorise the Exporta<ion of any other Goods,

or in any other Manner, than might be done before the pacing heieof.

Not to ifttiile Exporters to any new Drawback.

No Person to make Canclei, within the

limits of the

C. 74. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

c five, is required to have a Seal or Stamp denoting the Payment of the Duties thereupon; and also a Frame 1 Mark denoting the Measure thereof, at both Ends of every such Piece; and all the Regulations of the said Act are enacted to extend to all Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Sturts, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five ;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Person shall be desirous of packing up, in order to be exported, any Piece or Pieces of such Silks, Callicoes, Linens, or Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or d^ed, before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and not having such Seals or Stamps denoting the Payment of the Duties, and such Frame Marks denoting the Measure thereof, at both Ends of such Piece or Pieces, such Person, or his Clerk or Manager, shall make Oath (or, being a Quaker, Affirmation) before the Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer of Excise appointed by the Commissioners of Excise for that Purpose, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same), that all and every such Piece and Pieces were printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and such Officer or Officers shall not permit to be packed up, in order to be exported, any Piece of Silk, Linen, or Stuffs* which shall have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, not having the Seals or Stamps denoting the Payment of the Duties, and also the Frame Marks denoting the Measure thereof, distinct and plain, at both Ends of every such Piece; which Frame Marks shall be cut off from both Ends, at the same Time as the Seals or Stamps denoting the Payment of the Duties are cut off from the same; and the Person or Persons intending to export such Goods shall also give six Hours Notice of the Time and Place of /hipping such Goods, unto the Officer of Excise of the Place where the same shall be shipped, who shall attend and fee the same put on Shipboard; and the Exporter of the said Goods shall also, before the shipping the same, give sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person by them appointed for that Purpose, in Treble the Value of the Duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular Goods so intended to be ex-

Eorted, and every Part thereof, shall beshipped and exported, and shall not be unshipped, unladed or laid on #and, or put into any other Ship or Vessel within Great Britain, Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted; which Security the Officer of Excise of the Port where the said Goods shall be exported, is hereby directed Jo take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use; and the said Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, shall make Oath, (or Affirmation, if a Quaker), that he believes the Duties upon such Goods had been paid, and that such Goods are the same that are described in the Account sent as aforesaid by the Officer in whose Presence the same were packed, to the Officer attending the shipping, (which Oath or Affirmation the Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, is hereby authorised and required to administer); and the said Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer aforesaid, and the Officer who attended the shipping the said Goods, being satisfied of the Truth thereof, shall, within one Month after the Exportation of the said Goods, give to the said Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, a Certificate or Debenture, expressing the Quantities and Kinds of such Goods, and that all the Duties have been paid for the same, and that Security has been given before the shipping the same for the due exporting the same 5 and such Certificate or Debenture being produced to the Collector of the Port where the same Goods were exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow, to the Persons so exporting the same, or their Agents, a Drawback or Allowance of the Duties before paid for such Goods so exported; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the same, then the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland are required to pay the said Drawback or Debenture out of the Duties upon Silks, Callicoes, Linens, or Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain.

XX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the shipping such Goods, if he shall think it necessary, to open and examine such Goods at the Port of Exportation, in order that he may be satisfied that such Goods are the same that are described in the Account sent to him by the Officer in whose Prefepce the Goods were packed.

VI. Provided always, That if, after the shipping any such Goods, or giving or tendering such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain an Allowance or Drawback of the Duties thereupon, the same Goods, or any Part thereof, shall be unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel within Great Britain, Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted; then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's UseJ all the said Goods which shall be so unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel within Great Britain, Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise.

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorise any Person or Persons to export any Goods whatsoever, to any toieign Parts whatsoever, other than such Person or Persons might have done by Law before the making this Act,

XXIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorise any Person or Persons to export any Goods whatsoever, in any Manner whatsoever, other than such Person or Persons might have done before the making this Act, save and except as in this Act is expressly provided.

XXIV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to intitle ?ny Person or Persons to any other Drawback or Allowance, upon the Exportation of any Goods whatsoever, than such Person or Persons would have been intitled to by Law upon the Exportation of such Goods before the making this Act.

4

XXV. And whereas, notwithstanding the several Laws already made for the securing the Duties on Candle's, and for protecting the fair Trader, many gross Frauds are daily practised by evil-minded and indigent Persons, who are encouraged in such Practices by the Length of Time allowed by the Laws for the

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. 729

Recital of Clauses in 8 Ann*, c. 9.

the Payment of the Duties on Candles for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Hetd Office, urn. That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Person or Persons whatsoever, residing within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London, shall be permitted *Q^A in to make any Candles, unless such Person t>r Peripns shall occupy a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly and p^y Pa ifli* Value of ten Pounds or upwards, and for which he, she, or they shall accordingly be assessed in his or their Rates for the own Name or Names, and shall also pay to the Parish Rates; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever, residing in any other Part of the Kingdom, where there are Rates to Church and Poor, shall be permitted nor in any other to make any Candles, unless such Person shall be addled and pay to Church and Poor in the several Pan files £a.rt, hc and Places in which they shall respectively re fide; and that no Entry of any Melcing-house, Workhouse, ^pfytoChurch Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, or Place, for the making or keeping of Candles, or for the melting or ^dPoor. keeping of Wax, Spermaceti, Tallow, or other Materials to be made into Candles, already made or hereafter to be made, as required by the Statutes in such Case made and provided, shall be of any Avail to any Person or Persons not so qualified, or for any longer Time than the Person or Persons, so making Entry,

shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every Person making Candles, and not qualified as aforesaid, ihaJl, notwithstanding any Entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a Person making Candles without Entry, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and forfeitures as Persons making Candles without Entry are, by the Statutes in such Case made and provided, now subject unto.

XXVI. And whereas, by a Clause in an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and certain Rates upon Monies to be given with Clerks and Apprentices, towards rating her Majesty's Supply for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, it was enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who should make any Candles in London, ITeJltminster, or in any Parts within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, should monthly, and every Month, and all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who should make any Candles in any other Part of Great Britain, should, once in every six Weeks, make a true Entry in Writing, at the next Office of Excise, of all the Candles by him or them severally made within such Month or six Weeks respectively; which Entries were to be made in Manner as therein expressed; and by one other Clause in the same Act it was further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who should make any Candles in London, Westminster, or within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, should, within four Weeks, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who should make any Candles in any other Part of Great Britain, should, within six Weeks after he, she, or they should make, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duties for Candles which should be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that all and every such Makers of Candles, who should -refuse or neglect to make such Payment as aforesaid, should forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, double the Sum of the said Duty: And whereas the allowing so long Time for the making the Entries, and for the Payment of the Duties, as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the Revenue, and also to the fair Trader, as evil-minded and indigent Persons have been encouraged thereby to make Candles, and have made Entry of the Candles by them made, but have neglected to pay the Duty when due, and before the Time that the Duty could be recovered, have absconded from their respective Dwelling Places, or by other Methods have evaded the Payment of the famebe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the above re- The fai<f Chute cited Clauses shall be, and the same are hereby repealed. repealed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Ail Candles August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, all and every Person whatsoever, who shall make any made robe enter-Candles, shall weekly, and every Week, make a true Entry in Writing, at the next Office of Excise, of Qa^eckly* on all the Candles by him, her, or them severally made within each Week —r:j a

which said Entries shall contain

administered.-

the Weight, Number/and Size, of the Candles mentioned therein respectively, and what Quantity was f made at each Course within the said Week to which such Entry shall relate, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect of Entry, the Sum of twenty Pounds; which Entries shall be made upon Oath by the Makers of such Candles, or by their Chief Workman or Servant employed in making the lame, according to the belt of their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker, Workman, or Servant, be a known Quaker, and the solemn Affirmation of such Maker or Workman, or Servant, to the same Effect, in case be or (he be a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such Oath; and the said Entries, Oaths and Affirm- With and by ations to verify the same, shall, for such Candles as shall be made within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of whora such Mortality, be made with, and administered by, such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England, or the major Part of them for the Time being, who shall attend at the Ge- ma e*

fleral Excise Office in London for that Purpose; and for all Candles made in all Parts of Great Britain, with and by the respective Collectors or Supervisors of the District or Division within which the respective Makers of Candles shall inhabit, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the lame.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afordhtd, That all and every Person and Persons Candleoukew* whatsoever, who shall make any Candles in Great Britain, shall, within one Week after he, she, or they to pay the shall make, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duties for Candles which shall be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that all and every such Maker of Candles, who *

shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so refused or neglected; and that no such Maker of Candles, after such Default in Payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out any Candles, until he or she hath paid and cleared off his or her Duty as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit double the Value of such Candles -so delivered or carried out*

73°

Chandler*, before they begin any Making of Candle*, to give Notice to the Officer when they shall begin to spread Cotton*, &c.

on Penalty of 50U

In what Cases Notice shall be void.

Penalty on Per-i »ns a (Tiding in making Candles privately 1

First Offence 30 \ or two

Months Imprisonment.;

Second Of-Teoct, 40 I. of fovir Months Jrnpriionmeot#

A\) to? Powerr,

Pmahie.?, &c. contained in 12 Car. 2. c. 24. or any other Law fflatina to F,x-cifr Dutic?, for collecting and xecoverJig the Duties there-by grantedi shall be applied in executing this Act.

Penalties and Forfeitures bow

C. 74.. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every Chandler, or Maker of Candles, before he, she, or they shall begin to work tipon or make any Courfeor Making of Candles whatsoever, iha.Il give, to the Officer of the Division or Place where such Candles were intended to be made. Notice in Writing of the particular Time and Hour when he or she shall intend to begin to spread Cottons, Wicks or Rulhes, for any such Courie or Making ot Candles, and also the Hour and ime when he or the (hill intend to begin to run in or dip any such Cottons, Wicks or Rulhes, which Notice shall be given as herein after is mentioned; that is to say, If such Making is intended to be in any Place within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London, then such Notice shall be given by the Space of six Hours next before the Beginning of every such Making; and if such Making Is intended to be in any City or Market Town, out of the said Limits, then such Notice shall be given by the Space of twelve Hours next before the Beginning of every such Making; and if such Making is intended to be in any other Place out of tile said Limits, then such Notice shall be given by the Space of twenty-four Hours next before the Beginning of every such Making, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Time when any Maker of Candles shall begin to spread Cottons, Wicks, or Rudies, or to run in or dip any such Cottons, Wicks, or Rudies, without first giving such Notice as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such intended spreading of Cottons,'Wicks, or Rulhes, and also such intended funning in or dipping such Cottons, Wicks, or Rulhes, shall not be begun and proceeded upon at the respective Hours and Times mentioned ill such Notice, or within three Hours next after such respective Hours and Times, then every such Notice shall be null and void.

XXXI. And, in order to deter Persons from assisting in the private and fraudulent making of Candles in unentered Places,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, when any Officer or Officers of Excise shall xlssqover that the making of Candles is carried on in any private Workhouse, Room, or Place, whereof no Notice has been given at the next Office of Excise, and shall at the same Time discover in the Workhouse, Store-house. Room, or Place, where such private making of Candles shall be so discovered, any Person or Persons knowingly assisting, or anyways concerned in carrying on such private making of Candles, every such Person or Persons so discovered shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds, over and above altPcnalties and Forfeitures that the Proprietor or Maker of such Candles shall be liable to; and it shall be lawful for the Officer and Officers of Excise, and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid, to (top, arrest, and detain, all and every the Person and Persons so discovered in such Workhouse, Storehouse, Room, or Place, and to convey the said Person or Persons before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, on Confession of the Part}', or on Proof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict the Person or Persons so discovered as aforesaid, and the Person or Persons so convicted shall, immediately on such Conviction, pay the said Sum of twenty Pounds into the Hands of the Officer who shall have conveyed such Offender before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be applied in Manner herein after directed; and on such Offender or Offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said Sum of twenty Pounds, the Justice or Juf-'.tices, lb convicting as aforesaid, (halt, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Haflds and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division. City, or Liberty respectively, there to remain and be kept to Hard Labour for the Space of two Months, to be reckoned from the Day of such Conviction; and the Person or Persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the said Sum of twenty Pounds, or until the Expiration of the said two Months: And in cale the Person or Persons so convicted shall be again discovered in any Work-houte, Storehouse, Room, or Place, where the making of Candles shall be so privately carried on, assisting, or otherwise concerned in carrying on such private making of Candles^ he, she, or they, so again offending shall, upon the like Conviction, forfeit and pay, for such Second Offence, the Sum of forty Pounds, and shall be committed to the House of Correction in Manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the Term of lour Months, or until the said Sum of forty Pounds shall be paid, '

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Method?, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Tilings, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Y'ear of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking enuay the Court of Wards and Liven es, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Alnje/ly in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing of Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are prescribed by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, a^S^ut-in Execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied^ or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods,

/V. D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 75 - 77* 73*

as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for. recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland rt spectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority ^foresaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced assainst any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done in jpurfuance of this Act, such Action or buit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon \ and if afterwards a Verdict shall pase for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have/Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births and Christening of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England.

lobe recovered «Ad applied, x

Limitation of Action*.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

*3 Geo. 3. c. 67.

whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act to all his Majesty's Protestant Subjects

dissenting from the Church of England be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of October one thou- extend'd to (and seven hundred and eighty-five, the Provisions of the said Act, made in the twenty-tnird Year of the Reign j of his present Majesty, shall extend to all his Majesty's Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England \ and that the Registers of Births, Burials, and Christenings of such of them as use Infant Baptism, now kept, or hereafter to be kept by them; and the Registers of Births and Burials of such Protestant Di(-fenters as do not use Infant Baptism, now kept, or hereafter to be kept by them, shall be subject and liable to the Stamp Duties by the said recited Act imposed upon the Registers of Births, Burials, and Christenings $ any Thing the rein, or in any other Law contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend so much of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further and better Regulations of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Places therein mentioned, as relates to Manufactories of Turpentine; for extending the Provisions of the said Act, so amended, to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar and Turpentine, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England; and for indemnifying the Proprietor of a Turpentine Manufactory in Potter's Fields, in the Borough of Southwark, against the Penalties he may be liable to under the said Act; and for excepting, for a limited time, his said Manufactory from the Provisions herein contained.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An for the further and better Regulation of i^ Geo. 3.C, Buildings and Party Walls $ and for the mart effeiiually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of

London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chehea, in the County of Mid«,lefex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to Law j it is enacted, That Turpentine shall not be diitilkd or boiled, nor Oil of Tur-Vot. XIV. Part V. S B ‘ pemine ‘

No Turpentine, to <h?t! be boiled within 7$ Feet of any other Building;

€^77, ^8. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

pentine? and Rosin drawn by distilling Turpentine, riot Oil and Turpentine be boiled together, in a larger

Quantity than ten‘Gallons, within the Limits aforesaid, in any Workhouse or Place contiguous to any other I4 Building, or in any Place nearer to any other Building than the pittance of fifty Feet at the Icaft, under the t4 Penalties therein mentioned: And wheteas the said Distance of fifty Feet is too small for the ciK:ctuall/pre-14 venting of Accidents by Fire from such Manufactories. and it is prof>er that the same should be enlarged, and that the Provision of the said Glaufc lb altered should be extended to Manufactories pfPitcIi aridTar, and Turpentine, throughout the Kingdom p may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and1 be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provision in the said recited Act, respecting the making of Turpentine, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, within that Part of Great Britain called England, to dtftil or boil any Turpentine or Tar, of to draw any Oil of Turpentine and Rosin by distilling Turpentine, or to draw any Oil of Tar or Pitch by distilling or boiling Tar. Or to boil any Oil and Turpentine together, or to boil any Oil and Tar together, above the Quantity of ten Gallons at one Time, of all or any of the said Commodities, in any Workhouse or Place contiguous to any other Building, or in any Place nearer to any other Building than the Distance of seventy-five Feet at the lead (except in Houses or Buildings now in

on P«0jky of Uie for carrying on such* Manufactories, and now legally irttitled to be used for those Purposes), upon Pain ^001. that every Person offending therein shall, for every luen Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; which Forfeitures shall and may be recovered, with Treble Costs or Suit, by Action of Dejbt,

Bill, Plaltft, or Information, in an^ of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Jf'tflmin/lsr, wherein no Eflbin,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, (frail be allowed, one Moiety whereof (Hall go to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Precinct, or Place wherein the Otience shall have been committed* aM the other Moiety thereof to such Persons as shall sue for the same., v

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pne- tertt Ship-wrights, Batge-builders; Boat-builders, or Mast-makcVs, or other Persons employed in budding or repairing Ships, Barges, Boats,* dr otheT Vcllfts, from boiling or mixing Oil, aiul other Materials, for Mh^rlu'pose of paying Ships, Barges, Boats, or Marts.

V. And be it further enacted, That nO Action or Prosecutioa shall be brought or commenced again# any Person or Persons, for any Penalty instifted or to be incurred by virtue of this Act, unlefai the lame dull bt commenced within six Calendar Months next'asser such Penalty shall have been incurred.

VI. And be it furthfcr'enacted ‘by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publidc Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons frtiomsoeveri without specially pleading the (ante; ,

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen; and for regulating their Trade.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, die Commons of Great Britain, jraftirfiarmrit c y V assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in

rollovftfig Dales toll be paid >y Hawkers end Pedlars, Src.

By every Hanker, to travelling with a Horse, tr other Beall of Burthen, a further

Arty Harwlcfe,* &c. ftllirg Coods by Auction to forfeit col. fr* each

ftception 5n favour of Shipwrights, to.

limitation 0# Ji&tona.

*ablick 4ft*

Gal* 3.

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and dv the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there be raised, answered, and paid* to anH for the Use of his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, lie additional and new Rates and Duties following; that is to say,.

By every Hawker, Pedlar. Pfctty Chapman, and every other trading Person or Persons, going froip Town to Town, or to other Mens Houses, and travelling either on Foot, or with Horse, Horses or otherwise, XoEng-I'and, Wales, or the Town of Benuick upon "Tweed, carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, an additional Duty of four Pounds for each Year; (, v

By every Person so travelling with a Horse, Ass, or Mule, or other Beaflv bearing or drawing Burthen, the additional Sum of eight Pounds yearly for each Bead he or she ihafl (o travel with, over and above the said (irlt mentioned Duty, and over and above all* other Duties now payable by hip or her.

Duty of 81. per Arm. for each Riaft.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act of in a> ceptaiiv Act made at a Session of Parliament held in the ninth and tenth'Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (intituled, An Act for licensing Hawkers end Pedlars, for a further PrAtdjhn tf tereji for the Transport Debt for reducing of Ireland ),>(hal! e«end, or be construed to extend, to' authori® or impower any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or any other trading Person or Persons* gcxngfrotn to Town, or to other Men’s Houses, or travelling either on Foot, or with Horse or HodesyoropenfogxR^0^ or Shop, and exporting to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes by Retail, in any To\vnyParifo, oc

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 78. 733

such Person not being a Householder there, or the same not being an ufua] Place of his or her Abode, or of his pr her carrying on Business, to vend or sell, from and after toe twenty-fourth Day of June one thoustrrd seven hundred and eighty-six, any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, by Outcry, knocking down of Hammer, Candle, Lot, Parcel, or any other Mode of Sale at Audiion, or tyherchy the best or higbeft Bidder is or shall be deemed to be the Purchaser; but that every Person and Persons whatsoever, going from Town to Town, or to other Men’s Houses, and travelling either on Foot or with Jlorie, Horses, or other-wile howsoever, in England, lprulesy or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goads, Wares, or Merchandizes, either on his, her, or their own Account, or by, for, or upon Commimon, or otherwise howsoever, who shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, vend or sell, or expose or offer to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, either on his, her, or their own Account, pr by Commission, or otherwise, by Outcry, knocking down of Harpmer, Candle, Lot, Parcel, or any other Mode of Safe at Audiion, or whereby the best or highest Bidder is or shall be deemed to be the Purchaser, shall forfeit and pay, for every Qifeuce, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as.herein after is mentioned,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said First Day of whole of

Au^ufi one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and other former Duties trading Person or Persons, lb travelling as aforesaid, shall, at the Time of receiving his or her Licence, as and the pre/ont hereafter mentioned, and without any Discount whatsoever, pay all Duties granted or made payable by the ‘

laid AvSt, made in the Reign of his find late Majesty King William the Third; and also all Duties granted, taking <ut the tmpoled, or mentioned in and by this present Act, payable or imposed upon him or her respectively, to the Licer.ce, vim* Commissioners for the Time being for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, or some Person or *°y Dft* Persons authorised or depuied by them, or the major Part of them, in Writing under their Hands and Seals; couM« and upon Payment thereof, and not otherwise, a Licence shall be granted to then), subscribed by the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any two of them, for him or her to travel and trade according to the t. true Intent and Meaning of this and the said Act made in the Reign of King William the Third* and according to the Duties which shall then be paid upon receiving such Licence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, or other trading Er-ry DfulcV

Person, so travelling as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said First Day of AugiJl ope thousertd seven hun- twdiing dred and eighty-five, be found trading as aforesaid, without, or contrary to, or otherwise than as shall be al- '

lowed by such Licence, such Person shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, or C11110

to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned 5 and that if any Person, lb trading under and by virtue of B*rs any Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, upon Demand made by any Person or Persons authorised or appointed to demand any such Licence by the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen for the Time being, or any two of them, under their Hands and Seals, and upon producing or by an authoriset shewing such Authority or Appointment to such Person so trading as last aforesaid, or upon Demand made by Person, totem -any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or Constable, or other Officer of the Peace of any County, Riding, Di- ro1* viiion, Town Corporate, Borough, or Place, where he or she shall so trade, shall refuse to produce, and (beW his or her Licence for so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have his or her Licence for so trading as aforesaid ready to produce and shew unto such Person authorised or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Constable, or other Officer of the Peace; that then the Person so refunng shall forfeit ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned, and for Nonpayment thereof shall suffer as a common Vagrant, and be committed to the House of Correction. ... t

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall ^,cry Perf0li forge or counterfeit any Licence or Licences by this Act directed to be granted, or traveLwith such travelling with forged or counterfeited Licence or Licences for any of the Purposes aforesaid, every such Person shall, forged Licence, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sun) of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein alter foilcitl lool« i$ directed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That* from and after the said first Day of Every Petfoa

August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, in case any Person shall let out to Hire, or lend any Li- lending, or licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, or shall trade with or under colour of any Licence granted unto any tlnZ I’1* Uw* other Person whatsoever, or of any Licence in which his or her own real Nameihall not be inserted as the a,t$"

Name of the Person to whom the same is granted, the Person letting out to Hire, or lending any such LL fortiti\oi. cence, and the Person so trading with or under colour of any Licence granted to any other Person, or any hi> idccnc* Licence in which his or her own real Name shall not be inserted as the Name of the Person to whom the same

is granted, shall each of them forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after Mentioned: And in case any Person shall be convicted, or have Judgement against him for lending his or her Licence to any other Person or Persons, contrary to this A cl, such his or fier Licence shall be from thence?-I'orth forfeited and void, and he ot (he shall be utterly incapable of having any Licence again granted to hi<B or her to trade as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Per- Every Person

son or Persons whatsoever to seize and detain any such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading trad’^g withottk ^Person as aforesaid, who shall be found trading without a Licence, contrary to this Act, or who being found or re-

acting shall refuse or negtebt to produce a Licence according to this Act, after being required so ^uce Snc° lit to do for a reasonable Time, in order to give Notice to* a Constable, Headborough, Tiihingman, or to be detained. J

Peace: Oftcer or Officers, Wlto are herebyr required to carry such Persons lb Icized, unlds they tin the 101, o the mean Time produce their respective Licences, before fume of his Majesty's justices of the J i *- 5B.V '; Peace

e

73+

Every Con Gable, Set. refuting to assist in the Exe* eucion of this Act to forfeit lo I. for each Offence*

Every Hawker txpofing to Sale any Goods, Wares, dec. in aoy City or Market Town, or within two Miles thereof, forfeits iol,j

except it be on a Fair or Mar* ket Day,

No Hawker to wend his Goods Jft any County, See. in case the Justicev, at the General Quarter Sessions, (hou)d have made an Order to the contrary.

Persons offending to be liable to the like Penalties as Hast Jeers travelling without Licence. Hawkers, Sec. who were licenced on June 33, 3785, may jet up any Business in the Place where they a e resident Inhabitants, though not brought up thereto, and anay employ therein Persons who have not been Apprentices*

C. 78. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Pe&c$ of the County or place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed: which said Justice of the reace is hereby authorised and strictly required, either upon Confession of the Party offending, or duel Proof by Witness upon Oath (which he is hereby impowered to administer), that the Person fb brought before him had so traded as aforesaid r and in case no such Licence shall be produced by such Offender beforq the said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Sum of ten rounds to be forthwith levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes of such Offender or Offenders, or of the Goods with which such Offender or Offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any be* to the Owner or Owners thereof, after Deduction of the reasonable Charges for taking the said Distress, and out of the said Sale to pay the said respective Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable, Headborough, 01

Tithingman, or other Officer or Officers of the Peace, shall refuse and neglect, upon due Notice, or on his or their own View, to be aiding and assisting in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, being thereunto required, each and every such Officer or Officers, being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Wit neb or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit, for each and every such Offence contrary to this Act, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned. r

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or

any other trading Person or Persons, going from Town to Town, or to other Men's Houses, or travelling either on Foot, or with Horse or Horles, or opening a Room or Shop, and expoling to Sale any Goods; Wares, or Merchandizes by Retail, in any Town, Parish, or Place, tuch Person not being a HousehoMer there, or the same not being an usual Place of his or her Abode, or of his or her carrying on Business, shall vend, sell, or expose to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, in any City or Market Town in England., JValesy or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the Distance of two Miles from the Middle of the most central Market Place, by the usual or most common Road, of any such City or Marker Town; and in case any such Person or Persons shall vend, sell, or expose to Sal£, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, in any City or Market Town in England^ lVa\esy Qr the Town of Berwick upon Tweed (except as before excepted), every such Person shall firstlt and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein dftef Is mentioned.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conflfued to extend, to hinder any Person or Persons from felling, or exposing to’Sale, any Sorts of Goods or Merchandizes in any publick Mart, Market, or Fair, but that such Person may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this Act j any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty

Chapman, or other trading Person, travelling as aforesaid, to vend his or her Goods or Wares, in any County, or City being a County of itself, or Town being a County of itself, in England or JValesy by virtue of any such Licence as aforesaid, in case the Justices, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, shall have made an Order that Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and other trading Persons as aforesaid, shall not have Liberty to vend their Goods and Wares in such County, City, or 1 own, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds; and that no such Order shall at any Time be made, except at the Quarter Sessions next after Michaelmas, to be holden for filth County, City, or Town, and ‘shall not be in force until nine Months after Notice shall have been given of the same in some publick Newspaper, published or circulated in such County, City, or Town respectively. ^;. J

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, or other trading Person, shall vend any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, in any such County, City, Town, or Place, contrary to any of the Provisions in this Act contained, such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, or other trading Person, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties as is by this Act inflicted on Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen, or other trading Persons, travelling without Licence.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of Atrntji one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who, on the twenty-third of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, was or were duly licensed to trade as Hawkers and P&dlars, to set up, occupy, use, or exercise any Craft, Mystery, or Occupation, used or occupied within this Realm, in any Place where they shall be resident Inhabitants, although they shall not have been brought up in such Craft, Mystery, or Occupation, seven Years as Apprentices, and also to set any Person on Work, in such Craft, Mystery, or Occupation, although such Person shall not have been Apprentice therein as aforesaid, any Penalty, Matter, or Thing, contained in an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth* intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers^ Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices, to the contrary notwithstanding, and that if any such Persons, or their Wives or Children, shall be prosecutetl for uling or exercising any such Craft, Mystery, or Occupation, in any City, Town, or Place, and shall make it appear that they bad such Licence as aforesaid, they shall, upon the General Ifiiic pleaded, be found Not guilty, in any Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, or Indictment, for such Cause exhibited against them, and in all Cales where Costs are allowed, such Persons, so acquitted, shall be intitled to and shall receive Double Costs \ and that no such Persons, their Wives, or Children, during the Tjme they shall use and exercise such Craft* Mystery, or Occupation, in any Parish or Place, shall be removeable there-

AJP« 17$$ Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C78. 735

fi-pm to his, her, or their last; legal Place of Settlement, until such Person or Persons shall become actually chargeable to such Parish or Place; any Law now ir| oeing, relative to die Settlement t>f the Poor, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. (, J

/XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person, bring a Wholesale Trader ip En&bjh NoWboicfale Bonclacc, in Woollen, Linen, Silk, Cotton, o; mixed Goods, or any x>f the Goods, Wares, or Ma^1 J^Goodi^obe nufactures of Great Britain, and selling the Came by Wholesale, Hull be deemed ot taken to be a Hawker, deemed a H*«k.-Pedlar, or Patty Chapman, within the Intent and Meaning of this or of any other Act relative to Hawkers; w, kc, or of any or either of them; and that all and every such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Children, A(W prentices. Servants, or Agents, selling by Wholesale only, shall go from House to House, and from Shop to Shop, to any of their Customers who fell again by Wholesale or Retail, without being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures contained in this or in any of the said Acts touching Hawkers*, Ped- -

Lrs, or Petty Chapmen; any Thing in this or in any of the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construei This Act not to to extend, to prohibit any Person or Persons from selling any printed Papers licensed by Authority, or any extend to ctrtax* Fish, Fruits, or Victuals, nor to hinder any Person or Persons who are the real Workers or Makers of any Goods, Wares, or Manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her, or their Children, Apprentices, Agents; m tcn or Servants to such real Workers or Makers of such Goods, Wares, or Manufactures only, from carrying v - -J Abroad, exposing to Sa!e? and selling by Retail or otherwise, any of the said Goods, Wares, or Manufactur^s, of his, her, or their own making, in any Mart, Market, or Fair, and in every City, Borough; " '

Town Corporate, and Market Town; nor any linkers, Coopers, Glaziers, Plummers, Harnef9-menders,

or other Persons uiiially trading in mending Kettles, Tubs, Household Goods, or Harness whatsoever, froth ' > going about and carrying with him or them proper Materials for mending the same.

XVI. And be it farther enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties, which shall be incurred under this How PemW Act, of a greater Sum than twenty Bounds, shall be recovered, together with Costs of Suit, in any of his «bove toll are’ Majesty's Courts of Record at ilnjiminster^ by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, to be reco, ered Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety p"uted.pr°"

of every such Penalty or FortUturc shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety P thereof to the Person or Persons who (hell inform or sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed How Penaltie#

doth not exceed the Sum of t.veuty Pounds, it shall be recoverable before one of his Majesty's Justices of under.aoL »rc the Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein the Offence ‘

shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence, either by voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties printed. accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and one Moiety of every

XUch last mentioned Penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the fame; and in case of Nonpayment shall be levied by

Distrefe and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such 1 /

Justice; and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducing the Penalty, and the Expences of the; /'

Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and for Want of furficient Distress, the Offender

shall be sent by such Justice to the Prison of such County, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or.

Place, for such Time, not exceeding six Months, nor less than one Month, as such Justice shall think

most proper. * T v- ’

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself of themselves ag- Persons

giieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the 8ricve<i

Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Coils as shall be awarded in case af, peal such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General (garter Sessions ^rlcl SctUonJ* fertile County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon *'

Oath, and finally to hear 'and determine the fame; and in case the Judgement of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Coils occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XIX. Anti ue it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Aii tht Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties* and Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained m a whatsoever, which in and by the said Act, made in the Reign of King William the Third, or by any and 9 G"*’ 3v other Law now in force relating to or concerning the Duties by that Act granted, are provided, settled, of £i?og established, other than so far as the lame is, are, or shall be inconiiftent with, or contradictory or repugnhr.l Duties granted to, any Thing in this Act contained, and other than in such Cases for which different Provisions are pre- by that Act, t scrib;-d by ‘his Act, shall be exercised, practised, applied, uled, and put in Execution, in and for the ma- &c.)

paging, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying, the several Duties hereby granted, and be in force with respect to the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every thi JJii Act, said Power-, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Maters, and 'Fhings, weie particularly repeated and again enabled in this present Act.

XX. And be it fuuner enabled* That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Wifi Penalty on witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace touchiitg any of the Matters relative to thi$ Aat, or to the hereinbefore mentioned Act, made in the Reign of King William the Third, and *&c?*~ Hull iiegk-ot or refuse to appear uc the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed,^ Withvnut t season- f able Excule {or such Neglect or Refusal, to br allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or appearing, shall refute to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the I eace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every fitch. Jtei&n shall forfeit, farevery

such.

736

Du’ies to He pai'l into the Exchequer,

entered fe-.p irate trom all -ojur*.

/ppl:ntIon 'hereof.

Central Issue.

Treble Coste.

%Gm. 3; c.

repealed*

C. 78, 79. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

stich Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as are herein directed as to the other Penalties.

XXI. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein before granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Cashier for the Time being of the Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties now charged on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Hook or Hooks, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, fti paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable nurfuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victuallings and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Time* be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General IHuc, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or Judgement shall be recovered against him or them upon Demurrer, then such Defendant 01 Defendants shall havd Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines; and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty's Letters Patent; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George II' the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Stamp-duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines; and certain Stamp-duties on all Medicines fold under such Li- cences, or under the Authority of his Majesty's Letters Patent; it was enabled. That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there should be charged, levied, and paid,

unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following

(that is to say,) All Persons (except such as had served a regular Apprenticeship to any Surgeon, Apothecary, Druggist, or Chymiil, or such as had kept a Shop for the Soace of three Years before the passing of that Act, for the vending of Drugs or Medicines only (not being Drugs or Medicines sold by virtue of his Majesty's Letters Patent), uttering or vending Medicines in Great Britain, should annually take out aLi-

4tCencefor that Purpose, in Manner therein prescribed; and where the Persons so uttering or vending Drugs or Medicines, should reside within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of the Penny Post, on every such Licence there should be charged a Stamp-duty of twenty Shillings; and where the Per->

ferns, so uttering or vending such Drugs or Medicines, should reside in any other Part of Great Britain, there should be Charged on every such Licence a Stamp-duty of five Shillings: Upon every Box, Packet, ijotde,

or Phial, or other Inclosure of any Medicine under the Price or Value of two Shillings and six Pence^which should be uttered, vended, or sold, by any Person or Persons taking out such Licences, or by any Person or Persons. under the Authority of his Majesty's Letters Patent, there should be charged a Stamp-duty of three Pence: Upon every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other inclosure of any Medicine of the Price or Value of two Shillings and six Pence, and under the Price or Value of five Shillings, which should be uttered, vended, or fold, by any Person or Persons taking out such Licences, or by any Person or Persons under the Authority of his Majesty's letters Patent, there should be charged a Stamp-duty of six Pence: Upon every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure of any Medicine of the Price or Value of five Shillings and upwards, which should be uttered, vended, or fold, by any Persons taking out such Licences, or by any Persons under the Authority of his Majesty's Letters Patent, there should be charged a Stamp-duty of one Shilling: Now, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjectsrthe Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, finding that it will be convenient and for the Publick Service to repeal the said

Stamp-duties, so made payable by the said recited Act, and to grant unto your Majesty the several new Stamp-duties herein after mentioned, for securing a certain Fund for the Payment of such Annuities as by the said recited Act were charged upon tire said Stamp-dutiestherefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand far g& hundred and eighty-fwc, the-Rates and Duties granted by an Act, made and nafled in the twenty-

thud

e

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 79. 737

third Year of his present Majesty, intituled* AoiAfi for granting to his Mafejiy a Stamp-duty on* Licences so be taken out by certain Persons uttering or Vending Medicines; and certain Stamp-duties on ail Medicines fold under fneb Licences, or under the Authority of his SlajeJlfs Letters Patent.y shall cease, determine, and *bf£ no longer paid or payable;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Sef*

Umber one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, through* out the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successor% the several Rates and Duties following; (that is to lay), t, i

That for and upon every Jacket, Box,f Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure containing any Drugs, iOils,

Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders; or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, ufeu or applied, ortobeufed or applied, externally or internally, as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Disorder or Complaint incident to, or in any wise aftlbting the Human Body, which shall be uttered or vended in Great Britain, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty according to the Rates following

(that is to say,) Where the Contents of any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, shall not exceed the Price or Value of one Shilling, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Penny Half* penny: t,

And where ther Contents of any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, shall exceed the Price or Value of one Shilling, and not exceed the Price or Value of two Shillings and six Pence, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of three Pence: ,

And where the Contents, of any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure' aforesaid, shall be above the Price or Value of two Shillings and six Pence, and under the Price or Value of five Shillings*, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of six Pence: n,

And where the Contents of any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, shall be of the Price or Value of five Shillings or upwards, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Shilling.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Rate* or Duties hereby imposed, any Drug or Drugs named or contained in either of the Books of Rates i (that is to say,) The Book of Rates, subscribed with the Name of Sir Harbottle Grittjftone Baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second $ or in the ether Book of Rates, intituled An additional Book of Pates of Gads end Merchandizes usually imported, and not particularly rated in the Book of Rates referred to tn the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year off jo Reign of King CHARLES the Second, with Rules, Orders, and Regulations, signed by the Right Honourable Spencer Compton, Speaker of the Honourable Houjc of Commons, and mentioned and referred to by an Act made and, passed the eleventh-Year of the*

Reign of his Majesty King George the Eifft; nor to any Medicinal Drug or Drugs whatsoever, which fkaH be uttered or vended entire, without any Mixture or Composition with any other Drug or Ingredient whatsoever, by any Surgeon, Apothecary, Chemist, or Druggist, who hath served a regular Apprenticeship, or' by any Person v;ho hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army, under any Conwniffion or Appointment tfhich shall have been duly entered at the War Office or Navy Office, or by any other Person whatsoever licensed in pun firance of this Act but that all such Drugs shall and may, be uttered and vended by alL such *

Surgeons, Apothecaries, Chymists, and Druggists, or other Persons licensed as aforesaid* freed and dif*s charged from the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed on Drugs, in such Manner as they respectively,! before the proTing of this Act, and the said herein recited Act, might have done.

IV. Provided a!so. That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the like Rates or Duties any Mixture, Composition, or Preparation whatsoever, m«ed<or compounded with, or prepared from Medicinal Drugs, medicated or chymical Preparations or Competitions, or other Ingredients bearing different Denominations, or having different Properties, Qualities, Virtues,-or Efficacies, which shall be uttered or vended by any such Surgeon, Apothecary, Chymist* or Druggist, as aforesaid, or by any such Person who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army, under any such Commissioni or Appointment as aforesaid, the different Denominations, Properties, Qualities, Virtues, and Efficacies of which Mixtures, Compositions, and Preparations, are known, admitted, and approved in tte Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Disorder, Malady, Ailment, or Complaint incident'to, or in any

aff.cling the human Body and wherein the Person mixing, compounding, preparing, or utteringcfo vending the same, hath not, nor claims to have, any occult, secret, or unknown Art for the mixing, com-potnding, or preparing the same, nor hath, nor claims to have, any exclusive Right or Tide to the mixing, compounding, or preparing, or to the vending of the same, and which Mixtures, Competitions, or Prepay rations, have not been, are not, nor hereafter shall be prepared, uttered, vended, or eaeposed to Sak, unde* the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, nor at any Time heretofore have been, raw arf, or hereafter shall be, by any publick Notice, Advertisement, or by written or primed Papers on Hand Bills, held out or recommended to the Publick by the Makers, Proprietors,’ or Venders thereof^as No*

Arums or Proprietary Medicines* or as Specifics, or otherwise, for the Prevention* Cure, or Relief oft any such Distemper, Malady, Ailment, or Complaint as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tfiat every Person in Great Britain, utieringor Vending any Drugs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tindforcs, Powders, or other Preparations or Competitions vharfoevef, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally-, a* Medicines or Mcdicauncnti far the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Disorder or Complaint incident to* or in anywiferdfcfldng the human Body, schjeft to the Duties herein before imposed* mil, annually, take out a Licence fas that Purpose -y

The DutierfolL lowing are to be paid, vis.

For every Packet, See. of Medicines not exceeding I t. in Value,—id. 2<p;

For every such Packer, Ac, frofir* It. ton. 6d. in Vatoe,—jid.r Between 11. 6<T, and 5*. in Vi--lue,—6d.

Of 5 s. Value Of upwards,—11.

Duties nor to extend to Articles mentioned in two Books ol> Rates, ret erred to by 1% Car. i«-c. 4; apd 11 Geo. 1. c. 7 j;

nef to unnuiei^ Drug! sold by a regular Surgeon* kc.L

norto Mixtures* &c. prepared by regular Surge one,-Ac. not claiming the Secret of, or exclusive Right to the preparing, the fame

ner fbldnnidlr* Letters Patenc, or advertised av Noftroms, dec.

Persons vending Preparation* liable to Daties* to-rake cot an annuel Licence*

738 C. 79.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Hate* of Duties *>n Liceccci.

Duties to be under the Management of the Cororaifiioneri for Stamps.

Commissioners for Stamps to grant Licences for one Year from Sept. ?f *785, or any subsequent Day.

New Licences to be taken out tea Days before the old expire*

leery Person

selling Medicines liable to Duties without a Licence, for* feiti 51*

Person* vending such Medicines to fend Dabefs co be stampt, which are to be affixed to the Mtdi* xinss.

enahy of on Persons ling Medi- without a tl, &c.

pose; and that, for and upon every Licence so taken out by any such Person who shall reside within the Cities of London or Westminster, trie Borough of Southwark, or within the Limits of the Penny Post, or within the City of Edinburgh, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of twenty Shillings; add for and upon every Licence, so taken out by any other such Person, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of five Shillings.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting all the said Duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of then), are hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said Rates and Duties herein before granted, in the like? and in as full and ample Manner, as they, or the major Part of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences to such Persons who shall apply for the same, to utter or vend, in any City, Town, or other Place within Great BrU tain, any Drugs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Disorder or Complaint incident to, or in any wise asserting the human Body, and subject to the Duties by this Act imposed; and the said Licences shall continue in force for the Space of one Year, commencing from the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that Day; and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said first Day of September one thoirfand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence j and all and every Person and rertons, who shall take out such Licence for uttering or vending any such Drugs, Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, shall take out a fre/h Licence for another Year, ten Days at the least before the Expiration of that Year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or she shall continue to utter or fell such Drugs, Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid; and shall, in like Manner, renew such Licence, from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for the Stamps on such Licences, as long as he or she shall continue to utter or vend such Drugs, Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Person whatsoever shall utter, vend, or expole to Sale, any Drugs, Medicines, Medicaments, of other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, which shall be subject to the Duty herein before imposed, unless he or she shall have first obtained a Licence in such Manner as is herein before directed, upon Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IX. And, in order to secure the Duty hereby imposed,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person making, preparing, or vending any such Drugs, Medicines, or Medicaments, pr other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, which are subject to the Duty herein before imposed, uiall, from Time to Time, fend, or cause to be sent, to the said Commissioners of Stamps, or to their Officers appointed by them for that Purpose, Paper Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, made for inclosing such Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Phials, or other Inclosures, containing or intended to contain any such Drugs, Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, with his, her, or their Name or Names, and any other particular Word or Thing printed thereon, to denote the Value at which the same are respectively intended to be sold, in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct, in order that the same may be stamped with the several and respective Duties hereby directed to be imposed and

dicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, by any Person or Persons What foe ver, shall have parted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, stamped', marked, impressed, and distinguished as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Lora-mrflioners shall from Time to Time direct.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale, any Packet, Box, Bottle, or Phial, or any other Inclosure, containing any Drug, Medicine, *Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, subject to the Stamp-duties hereby imposed, unless the Cover, Wrapper, or Label, hereby directed to be parted, stuck, fattened, or affixed to the lame, shall be patted, ituck, fattened, or affixed thereto, and marked and stamped as by this Act is directed; or that shall have any Cover, Wrapper, or Label parted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a Mark or Stamp of Ids Denomination or Value than by tais Art is directed, under Fain that all and every such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every Packet, Box, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any such Drug, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, so uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 79. 739

XI. And, to prevent the Cover, Wrapper, or Label, and the Mark or Stamp thereon, hereby directed to be passed, stuck, fattened, or affixed to every Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any Drug, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, from being made use of c again after they have been fold and disposed of, to be affixed tb other Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Phials, or c other Inclosures, containing any Drugs, Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, by which Practices his Majesty's Revenue might be lessened and diminished be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, fraudulently cut, tear, or take off any Mark or Stamp, in respect whereof or whereby any Duties are hereby payable, or denoted to be paid or payable to his Majesty, on any Packet, Box, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any Drug, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, (ubieft to the Duties hereby imposed, after the same shall have been sold or disposed of as aforesaid; or shall fraudulently paste, ftiefe, fatten, or affix to any such Packet, Box, Bottle, or Phial, any Cover, Wrapper, or Label, so marked and stamped as aforesaid, the same having once been made use of for the Purpose aforesaid; or shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale, any Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any Drug, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, with such Cover, Wrapper, or Labd, so fraudulently cut, torn, or taken off as aforesaid, and patted, duck, fattened, or affixed thereto; all and every Person and Persons so offending, in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XII. And, to prevent Persons from fraudulently selling or buying any Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, which have been before made use of for denoting any of the Duties by this Act imposed, or any Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Phials, or other Inclosures, wherein any Drugs. Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, have been contained, and sold and disposed of with such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, patted, (tuck, fattened, or affixed thereto be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, sell or buy any such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, which hath before been made use for the inclosing any Packet, Box, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure of any Drug, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition, liable to the Duty hereby imposed, in order to be again made use of for the like Purpose; or shall fell or buy any Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, with such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, which hath before been made use of as aforesaid, patted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto; every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either the Buyer or Seller of any such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, or any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, shall inform agahift the other Party concerned in buying or selling such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, or such Packet, Box, Bottlfe, Phial, or other Inclosure, the Party so informing shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed against, and shall be indemnified from the Penalties by him or her incurred, and shall receive the same Benefit and Advantage as any other Informer shall be intitled to by virtue of this Act for such Information.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the (kid Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall allow and pay to every Person that shall be supplied with, or shall bring any Paper Covers, or Wrappers, or Labels as aforesaid, to the Head Office of Stamps, to be stamped in pursuance of this Act, the Duty whereof, hereby imposed, shall amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of two Pounds in the hundred Pounds per Annum; and if such Duty shall amount to the Sum of fifty Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of five Pounds in the hundred Pounds per Jnnurrtj upon present Payment of the said Duty \ipon the said Paper Covers, Wrappers or Labels, so to them supplied or by them brought.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every Person and Persons who shall make, prepare, utter., Vend, or expose to Sale, any such Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, liable to the Duties imposed by this Act, before they respectively shall make, prepare, utter, vend, or expose to Sale, any such Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, shall give or fend Notice in Writing of the usual House or Place, Houses or Places, where they respectively shall make, prepare, utter, vend, or expose to Sale, the fame; and also of all Drugs, Oils, Waters, Eflenceg, Tinctures, Powders, and other Preparations and Compositions subject to the Duties by this Act imposed, that shall be made, prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale by them respectively, or intended so to be; which Notice shall be given or lent to the Commissioners for the Time being for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to their Officers next adjacent to the Place where such Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions, shall be made, prepared, uttered, vended, or (old; and the like Notice shall be given or lent by every such Person or Persons as often as they respectively shall change their Places for that Purpose, or shall change or vary the Articles, or any of them, in which they (hiill so deal; and which Notice shall contain the true and just Name and Names of all such Drugs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, by which the same respectively have been, or now are, or at any Time hereafter, shall be called, known, or distinguished, and the Kinds and Qualities thereof and the Price or Prices at which the same shall be intended to be vended or exposed to Sale, upon Pain that every Person, making Default in giving such Notice as aforesaid, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum ol tea Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

Person* selling Medicine* with the same Libel a Second Time# Sec. for kit 10 L

Person* felliiif. or buying Labels for the Purpose of being used a Second Time, or buying ut selling any Packet with such a Label, forfeit 101,

Either Buyer or Seller may inform against the other, and be himself indem*. nifted,

Allowances for prompt Payment of Duties.

Notice of tVr. Place of m or v< I ’; -dic.n wir^ the Price, to be ftrr to rfac)

Sump-office.

740

This Act to extend to the Schedule annexed, and to ail Articles of the like Qualiiiet j

Mi where a ferret Art or ex-clufWeKight ti claimed, or the Medicine* are advertised as Noftium?, &c.

Peifom counterfeiting Marks,

Sc c. guilty of Fe-

tory#

Regulations of sli former Acts, relative to Stamp Duties, extended to this Act

How Penalties re to be applied.

How Penalties are to be recovered.

In Default of Prosecution in Time limited, the whole Pe-Bsltirs belong to his Majesty.

C. 79. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

XVI. And, in order to obviate any Doubts which may arise in the Construction of this Act for-want of aparticular Specification, Denomination, and Enumeration of the different Drugs, Oils, Waters, Efiences,.

Tinctures, Powders, or Preparations or Compositions which are charged with, orfobjeftto the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, or to which thefatne shall extend \9 be it declared and further enacted, That the Ratesand Duties hereby imposed on Drugs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, and other Prepa- 1 rations or Compositions used or applied, or to -be used or applied, as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Distemper, Malady, Ailment, or Disorder, incident to or in any wile affecting the human Body, and upon Persons uttering or vending the fame; and all the Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Distributiorfs of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by this Act for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said Rates and Duties, shall extend, and be deemed and adjudged to extend, to charge with the said Rates and Duties all and every the Article and Articles mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, by the respective Names therein mentioned, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter shall be called,4 known, or distinguished; and ahb all Pills, Powders, Ldzenges, Tinctures, Potions, Cordials, Electuaries, Plaisters,^Unguent6, Salves, Ointments, Drops, Lotions, Oils, Spirits, medicated Herbs, and Waters, Chemical and Officinal Preparations whatsoever, of the same or the Vike Properties, Qualities, Virtues, or Efficacies, with those Articles so mentioned, named, enumerated, ot specified therein, or any of them, made, prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale by any Person or Persons whatsoever, wherein the Person making, preparing, uttering, vending, or exporting'to Sale the same, hath, or claims to have, any occult, secret, or unknown Art for the making or preparing the same, or hath or claims to have any exclusive Right or "Title to the making or preparing the same, or which at any Time heretofore have been, now are, or hereafter shall be prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, or which -at any Time heretofore have been, now are, or hereafter shall be, by any publick Notice or Advertisement, or by written or printed Papers or Hand Bills, held out or recommended to the Publick, by the Makers, Venders, or Proprietors thereof, as Nostrums or Proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or otherwise, for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any such Distemper, Malady, Ailment, or Complaint as aforesaid; and shall also extend, and be deemed and adjudged to extend, to charge with the Rates or Duties imposed on Licences, all and every Person and Persons respectively who shall utter, vend, or expol’e to Sale, any such Preparations or Conrc-positions as aforesaid,.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made or used, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, orfeflany Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be marked or stamped with any Mark or Stamp provided ^and used in pursuance of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, for denoting the Duties thereby granted with a counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeit; or if any Person shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall faffer Leathasin Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, and all other Matters and Things, prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and Eftest with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution, for railing* levying, collecting, and securing the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties, hereby imposed, shall be divided and distributed (if sued for within the Space of six Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalty being incurred) in Manner following; Une Moiety thereof, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who-(ball inforta and sue for the same.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties, imposed on any Person or Persons for Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be feed for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Bewick upon Tweed; and in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Division or Dif-tr ibution of the Penal t ies as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby ^confined and reurifted to the prosecuting for the same within the Time herein before for that Purpose limited; and that in Default of such Prosecution within the Time aforesaid, no Informer or Informers shall have or be infilled to any Part or Share of such Penalties, but-that the Whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be recoverable-in Marnier aforesaid 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 178$* T Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. £,74

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enact^by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall iamt maybe last’cei may d«-

liwtul to and for any Justice of the Peaoe, refi^ng nea/the PJ^ce where the Offence ffcaU be con»itted, uri»i*M*u*n to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which fobjefts the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, rcla!1<vc pef at any Time within? six Months after the Offence committed* or to be committed* again# this Act j whitit 1*

fa id Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any such Information exliibucd* or Cecnw

piaint made in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fast; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of'OTte of more? Ir&KMe- Wftnefe^r Wrtffesses, so give Judgement or Sentence

for the Penalty or Forfeiture according as in and by this Act is directed, and to award and ifiiie out his

Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures io adjudged oa

the Goods of the Offender, and to c^jufe Sale Id be made thereof, in cafc they (haff» not be redeemed within

six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where (lie Goods of the Offender cannot be

found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of

three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty.shall be sooner paid and satished; and if any Person or Persons App*»i miy be

shall findhimself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he or they shall and made to

may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture,' together witfffodj <^Larter Sessionf*

Costs as shall be Awarded in case such Judgement shall he affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Teace at the

next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Places who are hereby im-

powered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same > and in

case the Judgeanefit shall be affirmed, rt shall be lawful for such Justices to award foe P$r(bn gr.Personis tQ pay

such Coifs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet. v '

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justice of the Peace* touching to*t-,

any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons ac- toriclt cul'ed, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without 4

a reasonable Excule for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed -of by hrch Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Protection shall be depending, that then every foeh Person shall forfeit, for every such Oft'ence, the Suarof forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in fiichr Manner, and by such Means, as herein before directed as to other Penalties.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Qouvi^ioft to be made out in the Manner and Form following,' or iff any other Form of Words to the ft me Effect, mutatis mutandis;

(that is to say:)

BE it remembered, That on the ' Day of in the Year of our Form of Coa-

Lord in the County of A.B. of tUtion,

was convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said A\ 5, on the

Day of now last past, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and

provided [hereflate the Offence againjijbe Act] j and I do declare and adjudge that he the said A. ife hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money Qf Great Britain, for the

Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs*

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of '

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall JM><* may ttU fee Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs and Charges of the ti^ue Penalties* Officers and Informers, as well'in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed, over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to lets than one Moiety of the Penalties incurred. Over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding j and no fijeh Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein before Dutleitobe granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of p*i<* into the the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of Exchc<lucr» the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, bcirrg deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at fudfTime. and in such Manner, as the Duties now charged 01V damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directea to be paid, and that in »ndtobefcept the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the ^Parate Monies arising from the te’id several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be olher Dutlc,‘ entered separate and apart from‘all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid Application shall be a Fund for foe Payment of the several Annuities, and all other Charges and Expences as are directed t®CJrcot# to be paid and payable pursuant to ari Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of, his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raffing a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for efa~ blifkinp a Lottery.

XaVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in

74* C. 79< Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons Garni Iffiu# shall or may plead the General Issue, and give die Special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdi# shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Vtebfe Cote Plaintiffs become noofuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him at

them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

of

SCHEDULE

To which this ACT refers:

Containing the Names by which many medicinal Preparations now in Use, subject to the Duties by this Act imposed, are known and distinguished-

DRUGS, OILS, WATERS,

A NALEPTIC Pills, Doctor James’s, f* Ague and Fever Drops.

Anderson’s Scotch Pills.

, Andalulia Water.

Anodyne Necklace.

_ Antipertullis.

Antirheumatic Drops.

Balsamic Electuary for the Whooping Cough. Bateman’s Drops.

Betton’s original British Oil.

Beaume de Vie.

Birt’s Martial Balsam.

Bollock’s Grand Elixir.

Cox’s Tincture.

Daffy’s Elixir.

Dalby’s Carminative.

Dawlon’s Lozenges.

Doctor Dickinson’s Cephalic Drops. Edwards’s Ague Tincture.

Essence of Water Dock.

Falck’s Universal Pills.

Freeman's Bathing Spirits.

Fryar’s Balfara.

Fendon’s Drops.

Godfrey’s Cordial.

Grant’s Drops.

Griffin’s Tinftura Afthmatica.

Hickman’s Pills.

Hill’s Peftorai Balsam of honey.

Ditto Tincture of Sage.

Ditto Tincture of Valerian.

Ditto Essence of Waterdock.

Ditto Elixir of Bardana.

Ditto Tincture of Centaury.

Ditto Canada Balsam.

Hamilton’s Cinnamon Drops.

Ditto —— Asthmatic Effluvia.

Ditto — Vegetable Balfemic Tincture. Hooper’s Female Pills.

Holdsworth’s Lozenges.

Hunter’s Elixir.

Ditto — Restorative.

James's Fever Powder,

etcetera, used as Medicines; commonly called

Jesuit Drops, ohnfon's Yellow Ointment*

! teyfer’s Pills.

: ^eake’s Pills, lozenges of Blois.

Ditto -----of Tolu.

Ditto — Stomachic,

Ditto----- Specific.

Ditto-----for the Heartburn*.

Lockyer’s Pills.

Le Cour’s Imperial Oil.

Norton's Maredant’s Antiscorbutic Drops*. Norris’s Drops*

Peters’s Tincture.

Ditto — Pills. m Peke’s Ointment.

Ratcliff’s Elixir.

SpiUbury’s Antiscorbutic Drops,.

Speedman’s Stomach Pills.

Spirits of Scurvy Grass.

Stomachic Lozenges* ,

Stoughton’s Elixir.

Sterne’s Balsamic iEthet*

Squire’s Elixir.

Steer’s Opodeldoc*

Ditto - Oil.

Ditto - Purging Elixir.

Tuberofa V itae, or Chilblain Water*

Turlington’s Balsam.

Vandour’s Nervous Pills.

Velno’s Vegetable Syrup*

Wace’s Asthmatic Drops*

Ward’s White Drops

Ditto — Essence for the Head Acb*

Ditto — Liquid Sweat.

Ditto — Red Pills.

Ditto — Sack Drops*

Ditto — Sweating Powders.

Ditto — Paste.

Worm Cakes, Storey’s*

Worm Sugar Plumbs.

Wray’s Ague Pills*

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. 743

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates and Authorities to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Publick Expences,

have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned;’ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to lay,)

That for and in respect of every Warrant, Mandate, or Authority given to any Solicitor, Attorney,

Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator in Great Britain, to commence, carry on, or defend, any Suit or Prosecution in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, or in any of his Majesty's Courts in Scotland, the Great Sessions in Wales, or in any Courts in the Counties Palatine, or in any other Court holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage shall amount to forty Shillings, or more, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of two Shillings and six Pence:

That every Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, admitted, enrolled, or registered in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque. Ports, or in any of his Majesty's Courts in Scotland, the Great Sessions in Wales, or in any Courts in the Counties Palatine, or in any other Court in Great Britain holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage shall amount to forty Shillings, or more, shall, previous to his commencing or defending any Suit or Prosecution, take out annually a Certificate of such his Admission, Enrolment, or Register:

That for and upon every such Certificate lb taken out by any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor,

Agent, or Procurator, who shall reside in any of the Inns of Court, or in the Cities of London or Westminster. the Borough of Southwark, the Parish of Saint Pancrafsy and Saint Mary le Bone, or within the Bills of Mortality, or within the City of Edinburgh, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of five Pounds:

Edinburgh, to pay 5 1. for a

That for and upon every such Certificate so taken out by any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, In every other or Procurator, who shall reside in any other Part of Great Britain, there shall be charged a Sump-duty of at Great three Pounds.

Following Du» firs are to be paid, fit.

For every War* rant to prosecute for a Debt of 401.—2 s. 6a.

Certificate* to be taken out annually by every Solicitor, Arc. practising in any Court holding Plea* for 401. and upwards v

Thote refidinf in London, Westminster, the Bills of Mortality, o* Certificate

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said Duties herein before granted, the lame shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who. or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such Stamps, to denote the said Duties, as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution, with relation to the said Rates and Duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are or is authored to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Pai>er.

III. And, for the easier obtaining such Certificate, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That* from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every Perfoq admitted, sworn, enrolled, or registered a Solicitor. Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, ii\ any one or more of the Courts aforesaid, who shall commence, carry on, or defend, any Action, Suit, or Prosecution therein, shall annually, during such Time as he shall continue fb to practise therein, deliver into some one of the Courts in which he shall have been admitted, sworn, enrolled, or registered. in such Manner as herein after is directed, a Paper or Note, in the proper Hand-writing of every such Solicitor* Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, containing his Name and usual Place ot Residence, and marked and stamped with the proper Mark or Stamp denoting the Duty herein before impoied upon Gertie ficates, according to the Place of such his Residence as aforesaid, and thereupon every such Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, shall be intided to have a Certificate (If the same shall be required) in the Manner herein after directed*

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissionert for Sump*.

Every acting Sr- licitor, itc. shall annually deliver in a Note of hit Name and Residence, Arc. in Order to obtaia a Certificate.

744-

C. 80.

«nno viccnmo quinta

Officer* for en* taring Applications for Certifi tales in England

C/Rccw for entering like Applications 20 Scotland*

EoteftnfCflcert to certify Nate* delivered*

Entering Officers, Sec. to tffiie annual Certificates, which fnafi bo renewed 90 Days before Expiration*

Penalty on refuting to issue, or improperly sfluing Certificates,

Persons reading 40 Days tn a Vear within the limit* of the higher Duties, are to pay the fast.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of Nrjember

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the Chief Clerk of the Court of King’s Bench, or his Deputy, the Clerk of the Warrants in the Court of Common Picas, or his Deputy, the Clerk of the Pleas in the Exchequer Office of Pleas, or hifc Deputy, the Prothonotaries of the respective Counties Palatine of Lon-caller, Cht/fer, and Durham, and of thd Great Sessions iti Wales, or their respective Deputies, and such Officers of the inferior Courts of Law ns the Judge of Judges of the inferior Courts respectively shall, from Time to Time, appoint to enroll the Names of Persons admitted Attornies in the said Courts respectively, the Senior Clerk of the Petty Bag Office in the Court of Chancery, or his Deputy, the King’s Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, the Chief Clerk of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, or his Deputy, the Register of the respective Courts of Equity in the said Counties Palatine, ftiki of the Grealt Sessions in Wales, or their respective Deputies, and such Officers of the inferior Courts of Equity as the Judge or Judges of such inferior Courts respectively shall, from Time to Time, appoint to enroll the Names of Persons admitted Solicitors in the said Courts respectively, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from Time to Time, upon Payment of the Fee of one Shilling, to enter, in alphabetical Order, the Name and Place of Residence of every such Attorney and Solicitor enrolled an Attorney 6/ Solicitor in the said Courts respectively (and who shall have delivered in such Paper or Note in Writing, duly Ramped, and required a Certificate of his Enrolment, as aforesaid) in Rolls or Books to be provided and kef* for that Purpose in the said several and respective Offices; and also that the Registers of ail and every the Ecclesiastical Courts, Courts of Admiralty, or of the Cinque Ports, or their respective Deputies, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, in like Manner, from Time to Time, to enter, in alphabetical Order, the Name and Place eff Residence of every Notary, Prohor, or Procurator, admitted* a Notary, Prodtor, or Procurator, rn the said Courts ref|>ectively, and who shall have delivered in a like Paper or Note in Writing, containing his Name and Place of Residence, and requiring a Certificate of his Admiflton as aforesaid, in Rolls or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose in the said respective Offices; and also all such Officers of the Courts of Sessions, Courts of Judiciary, Circuit Courts, Court of Exchequer, or Sheriff or Stewart Courts, or any other inferior Courts in Scotland, as tire Judge or Judges of the said Courts respectively shall, from Time to Time, appoint to register any Certificate of the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken and subscribed in the said Courts respectively, by Persons officiating therein as Procurators, Agents, or Solicitors, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, in like Manner, froth Time to Time, to enter, in alphabetical Order, the Name and Place of Residence of every such Procurator, Agent, or Solicitor, delivering in a like Paper or Note in Writing, containing his Name and Place of Residence, and requiring a Certificate of such Register as aforesaid, in Rolls or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose in the said respective Offices; and all and every the Officers aforesaid respectively shall, and they, and ach and every of them, are hereby required, at the Time of making (itch Entry, to fab-feribe to every such Paper or Note in Writing, fb delivered in, a Certificate figrred by every such Officer respectively, according to the Form of the Schedule hereunto annexed to all which said Rolls or Books, in the said Courts respectively, all Persons shall and may, at seasonable Times, have free Access without Fee Or Reward.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Officers, or their respectivie Deputies, after they shall have respectively signed such Certificates, so subscribed to the respective Papers or Notes, in Writing, duly stamped as aforesaid, shall forthwith issue the said Certificates to the Person or Persons respectively requiring the lame; and every Certificate so issued shall bear Date on the Day on which the (ante was issued, and shall endure and remain in force for the Space of twelve Calendar Months, to commence from the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all Certificates to be issued on or before that Day, and upon Certificates to be first issued to any Person or Persons, after the said first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the Date of every such Certificate 5 which said Certificate shall be renewed at lead ten Days previous to the Expiration of the Time for which it was granted, and so yearly and every Year, so long as such Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Prodtor, Agent, or Procurator, shall continue to practise in any such Court in Manner aforesaid; and if any of the said respective Officers, or their respective Deputies, shall negfedt or refuse to iflire, within a convenient Time, the proper Certificate required by this Act, in such Manner as is herein before directed, or shall issue the same to any Person otherwise than as before directed, every such Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herdm after is directed, and moreover shall satisfy and pay to the Party or Parties aggrieved thereby, all such Damages as shall or may accrue from such Neglect, Refusal, or Default.

VI. And, to prevent Evasion in the Payment of the higher Duties imposed by this Act by Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, Prodtors, Agents, and Procurators, whotnay have divers Places of Residence at the same Time, within the Lirriits of the different Districts above mentioned;’ be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, rrodtor, Agent, or Procurator, liable to any of the Rates or Duties hereby imposed on Certificates, shall reside in any of the Inns of Court, or in the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, the Parish of St. Pancras, or Saint Mary le Bone, or within the Bills of Mortality, or within the City of Edinburgh, for the Space of forty Days, or more, in anyone Year, every such Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Prodtor, Agent, or Pr6-curator, shall be deemed to be resident within the Limits last mentioned, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be liable to the higher Duties by this Act imposed on Certificates, for and during such Time as he shall continue to be so resident for the Space of forty JDaysr Or htore, in each Year, notwithstanding fcftich Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Prodlor, Agent, brProCufator, shall Or may, at other Times in each such Year, reside elsewhere without the Limits last aforesaid.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. So. 745

Penalty on ing without Certificate, or giving in a faile Place of R0l. dence.

be U ffPoriH

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every Person who shall, in his own Name, or in the Name ,of any other Person or Persons, sue out any Writ or Process, or commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any Action or Suit, pr any Proceedings as a Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, P/odor, Agent, or Procurator, in any of the Courts aforesaid, for or in Expectation of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, without having obtained such Certificate, in such Manner as herein before is directed, or shall deliver in to the respective Odicers appointed by this Aci, any false or fiditious Place of Residence, with Intent to evade the Payment of the nigher Duties, in and by this Act imposed, contrary to the true Intent and Merning of this Act, every such.

Person for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds? to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed: and fiull be, and ~i$ hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute any Action or Suit, in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward, or Disbursements, qn account of prosecuting? carrying on, or defending any such Action, Suit, or Proceeding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th&t, from and after the Perform having feud first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall and may be lawful for any utcn out CcTtrm Person, having duly obtained a Certificate vin the Manner herein before directed, to due out any Writ or /07o7h^iVho Process, or commence, prosecute, or defend any Action or Suit, or any Proceeding in any of the Courts have aifoMdt^ aforesaid, in the Name, and by and with the Consent of any other Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, tbwaout. Agent, or Procurator of such Court, in Writing first had and obtained, and signed by him in like Man*

ner as be might have lawfully done before the making of this Act, provided that such Solicitor, Attorneys Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, in whose Name such Proceedings shall be instituted, commenced, or carried on, shall also have first duly obtained a Certificate out of the Court wherein he is sworn, admitted, enrolled, or registered, in Manner as herein before is directed; or, in Default thereof, every such Solicitor,

Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains, Penalties,

Forfeitures, and Incapacities, as any other Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, is by this Act made subject and liable tQ.

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe Perfoauateoar lawful for any Person, duly sworn, admitted, enrolled, or registered a Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Cj-rtifiutc may Agent, or Procurator, in any two or more of the said Courts respectively, under a proper Certificate obtained Court inVLich from either of the saul Courts, in such Manner as herein before is directed, to commence, carry on, prosecute, solicit, or defend any Action or Suit, or any Proceedings in any of the said other Courts in which hetis so sworn, admitted, enrolled, or registered, although such Certificate shall or may not have issued from such other Court; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And whereas the Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors doth not extend to the Swearing, Admission, or Enrolment of the S:x Clerks of the Court of Chancery, or the swornCJerks in their Office, or the waiting Clerks belonging to the said Six Clerks, or the Cursitors of the said Court, Or

of the Clerks of the Petty J3ag Office, or 01 the Clerks of the King’s Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King’s Bench, or of the Filazers of the same Court, or of the Filazers of the Court of Commoa Pleas at Westminster, or of the Attornies of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, or of the^ Attornies of the Court of Exchequer at Chester, or of the Attornies of the Courts of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of London respectively, or of the Attornies or Clerks of the Offices of the King’s Remembrancer,

Treasurer’s Remembrancer, ripe, or Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer at Wefittunjigr, for the Time being, or of the Solicitors of the Treasury, Customs, Excise, Poll office, Salt or Stamp-duties, Or 4 of any other Branches of his Majesty's Revenue for the Time being, or of the Solicitors of the City of London for the Time being, or of the Assistant to the Counsel for the Affairs of the Admiralty, and Navy;

but that the said Clerks, Cursitors, Filazers, Attornies, and Solicitors respectively, may be sworn, ad- mitted, enrolled, and nradife in their respective Courts and Offices, according to the Usage and Custom of those Courts and Offices respectively: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of this Act

to such Clerks, Cursitors, Filazers, Attornies, and Solicitors (except as herein after excepted) ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of November, oqe jthousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no such Clerk, Cursitor, Filazer, Attorney, or Solicitor, (halite ^permitted, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person, to sue out any Writ or Process, or corn-jnence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any Action or Suit, or any Proceedings, in any of the Courts aforesaid, for 01. in Expectation of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, as a Solicitor or Attorney (except as herein after mentioned), unlds such Clerk, Cursitor, Filazer, Attorney, and Solicitor, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, cause his Narse to be enrolled in the Court in which he is such Clerk, Cursitor, Filazer, Attorney,

or Solicitor, as aforesaid, or in the respective Court in which he shall so commence, prosecute, carry on,

or defend any such Suit, Action, Prosecution, of other Proceeding, as such Solicitor or Attorney, with the proper Officer appointed to enroll sworn Solicitors or Attornies therein sand every such Officer, is hereby required to enroll the same accordingly); and shall annually, during such Time as he shall continue to j>radife as a Solicitor or Attorney, in Manner aforesaid, obtain* Certificate, marked and stamped with the proper Mark, or Stamp, according to the Place of his Residence, in like Manner as is herein before directed with refoed to sworn Attornies and Solicitors, under Pain that every such Clerk, Cursitor, Filazer, Attorney,

or Solicitor, in the said respective Courts or Offices, offending therein, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Incapacities as aforesaid.

XI. And whereas it is also expedient to extend the Provisions of this Act to all such other Officers or Clerks of the respective Courts aforesaid, who may be respectively intitled to carry on, agent, manage,

solicit, or defend, any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceedings, in the Court whereof he is such

Officer or Clerk, under or, by virtue of his Office or Appointmentbe iuherefore further enacted by the Authority

The Sir Clerk?,

&c. »re to qualify themselves for affing in the same Manner a* Attorniw, See.

I

746

c,erki of Courts, Stc. siting without Enrollment and Certificate* liable to PentU iiet.

Oflficera or Clerks In Court chargeable with Land Tax are exempted from Duties, if ailing officially only.

A stamped Memorandum to be given to the proper Officer of the Names of the Parties, &c, in every Action.

Stamped Memo* randums to be delivered in such Cases as used to require Prec'pes.

Officers who receive stamped Memorandums are to file the Dame*

C. So. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no Officer or Clerk of any of the Courts aforesaid (except as herein after excepted) shall be permitted, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person, to sue out any Writ or rrocefs, or to commence, prosecute, carry on, agent, manage, solicit, or defend, any Action or Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceedings, in any of the Courts aforesaid, for or in Expectation of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, as a Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, unless such Officer or Clerk shall, for the Purposes of this Act, cause his Name to be enrolled or registered in the Court in which he is such Officer or Clerk as aforesaid, or in the respective Court in which he shall so commence, prosecute, carry on, agent, manage, solicit, or defend any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, as such Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, with the proper Officer appointed to enroll or register Solicitors, Attornies, Proctors, Agents, or Procurators therein (and every such Officer is hereby required to enroll or register the same accordingly) \ and shall annually, during such Time as he shall continue to act in Manner aforesaid, obtain a Certificate, marked or stamped with the proper Mark or Stamp according to the Place of his Residence, in like Manner as is herein before directed with respect to sworn Attornies and Solicitors, under Pain that every such Officer or Clerk of any of the Courts aforesaid offending therein, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Incapacities, as aforesaid.

All. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject to the Payment of the several Duties of five Pounds or three Pounds hereby imposed, any Officer or Clerk of any of the Courts aforesaid, who is now, or at'any Time shall be charged with the Payment of Land Tax, in respect of his Office or Appointment in such Court, for or by reason of his being employed in the Conduct, Care, or Management of any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding the rein, relating to or concerning the Bufmefc of his Office or Appointment only, and wherein such Officer or Clerk shall not be also retained or employed by the Party or Parties to such Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, or by any Solicitor, Attorney* Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, for or in Expectation of afiy Fee or Reward, over and above the Fee or Reward therefore due and payable to such Officer or Clerk, in respect of his Office or Appointment in such Court.

XIII. And, in order to make suitable Prorifions for the due Payment of the Duties by this Act fcn- posed in respect of Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to sue or defend as aforesaid be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of November one thousand feveit hundred and eighty-five, no Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, shall be permitted to sue out any Writ or Process, or to commence, prosecute, or carry on, any Suit, Action, or any Pro-fccution, or other Proceedings whatsoever, in any of the Courts aforesaid, or to defend or appear for any Defendant in any Suit or Action, Prosecution, or other Proceedings, in any of the Courts aforesaid, for or in Expectation of any Gain, P ee, or Reward, by virtue or in respect of any Warrant, Mandate, or Authority (whether the same be verbal or in Writing) which shall be given to him for that Purpose, unless such Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, in every such Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, to the proper Officer, or his Deputy, hereby appointed for the Receipt and Entry thereof, a Memorandum or Minute, duly stamped in pursuance of this Act, of such his Warrant, Mandate, or Authority, containing the Names of the respective Parties prosecuting and defending the Suit, Action, Prosecution, or other Proceedings, and of the Court in which the same shall be commenced, and also the Name of the Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor. Agent, or Procurator, immediately retained to prosecute, carry on, or defend the same, to be entered or filed of Record, as herein after directed; which Memorandum or Minute shall and may be made out according to the Form of the Schedule hereunto annexed (mutatis mutandis).

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Precipe (except a Precipe for any original Writ issuing out of the said Court of Chancery) is or shall be required, by the Rules or Practice of any of the Courts aforesaid, to be delivered, filed, or entered of Record, with tbt proper Clerk or Officer previous to the signing or issuing any such original or other Writ, Precept, Citation, or Monition, or other first Process, for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon the Commencement of any such Suitor Action, or any Prosecution, or other Proceedings whatsoever, in any such Court, it shall and may be lawful for every such Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, to deliver in to every such Clerk or Officer the Memorandum or Minute hereby required to be stamped, and to insert therein the Nature and Denomination of the Process required to be signed or issued, and the Return thereof, in such Manner as heretofore hath been used in such Courts with respect to such Precipes as aforesaid; and that every such Memorandum or Minute, so stamped and delivered in as herein is above directed, shall be, and be deemed and adjudged to be, as valid and effectual an Authority in Law, for the signing or issuing any such Writ, Precept, Citation, or Monition, or other first Process aforesaid, by any such Clerk or Officer, as if the Precipe heretofore used in such Courts had been delivered in to the proper Clerk or Officer as aforesaid; any Law, Usage or Custom, or any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the respective Clerks and Officers, or their respective Deputies, to whom it shall appertain, or who shall be entrusted or appointed to sign or issue any original or other Writ, Precept, Citation, Monition, or other first Process, for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon the Commencement of any Suit or Action, or any Prosecution or other Proceedings whatsoever, in any of the Courts aforesaid, or to enter, file, or record, any Bail, Appearance, Admission, or other Act, Matter Qf Thing, to be first done in the defending or appearing for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action,

A^i >ns are to proceed, though the Memoron-

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. So, 747

Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceedings, in any of the Courts aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from Time to Time, to receive, and forthwith enter, or file of Record, every such' Memorandum or Minute, which shall be delivered to them respectively, by or in the Name of any Solicitor,

Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, in the said respective Court of such Clerk or Officer, and marked or stamped with the Mark or Stamp denoting the Rate or Duty payable thereon pursuant to the Directions in this AO, and shall sign thereon the Day of the Month and Year on which such Memorandum or Adinute shall have been delivered, to be entered or filed of Record as aforesaid, to which Entries or Files, in the said Courts respectively, all Persons shall and may have free Accefe, at (easonable Times, without Fee or Reward; and every such Clerk or Officer, or his respective Deputy, neglecting the due Performance of his Office in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, on Penalty of to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned. 501.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of perfom not *a-NoveirMr one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every Person who shall sue out any Writ or ing conformable Process, or commence, carry on, manage, agent, solicit, or defend, any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or to thp Aa other Proceedings, except as herein after mentioned, in any of the Courts aforesaid, without having *01,cU 51* delivered to the proper Officer, to be entered or filed of Record, the Memorandum or Minute of his Warrant, Mandate, or Authority, marked or damped in such Manner as by this Act is directed, fhsl), for every such Ostence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action, Suit, Prosecution, or

other Proceedings, in any of the Courts aforesaid, shall be staid, nor any Judgement, Sentence, or Decree thereon reverted, for or by reason of any Omission or Defeat in the entering or filing of Record the Memorandum or Minute herein before directed, but the respective Courts shall proceed, as far as concerns or fcould me relates to the Party or Parties to the said Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding depending gjVCrb/|CjCntcr" therein, as if such Memorandum or Minute was in due Manner entered or filed of Record. e or c

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall pr2nife of the extend, or be construed to extend, torelcind, change, or alter, any of the Rules, or the Practice of any of Courts of Lavr, the Courts aforesaid, heretofore used, relative to the entering or filing of Record, by any Solicitor, Attor- &c. with regard ney. Notary, Procter, Agent, or Procurator,.any Warrants of Attorney, Appearances, or Proxies, or entering of any Admissions, to sue or defend cither for the Plaintiffs or Defendants, in any Cause or Action depending le*r ’ "lc*fja therein, but that the Rules and Practice of the respective Courts aforesaid relating thereto shall continue to the judges think: be put in force, and used as heretofore, unless the Judge or Judges of those Courts respectively shall think fit. it fit or necessary to rescind, alter, or amend the same; and the said Judge or Judges of the several Courts aforesaid shall and may, and are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to make such Rules and Orders in their respective Courts, and do such other Matters and Tilings, for the better leaning the said several Rates and Duties in and by this Act imposed, as shall be lawful and reasonaWe in that Behalf.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said A /?am a Mc-first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, in all Cases where any Defendant or norandum of-Defendants shall, before Appearance, coufefs any Action or Suit in any of the Courts aforesaid, or shall Warrant of At-execute any Warrant of Attorney to acknowledge Judgement by Nildicit non sum in for mains, or otherw fe, tomey to bede-the Attorney who shall enter up any Judgement thereupon, shall previously deliver, or cause to be delivered, ^vercJ Prev, CIUI to the proper Officer, a Memorandum or Minute of such Cognovit Actionem, or Warrant of Attorney, judTcmcm UP flamed as herein before is directed, in the like Manner, and according to the Form above prescribed, under J 9

Pain that he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after directed.

XX. And whereas it is the Intent and Meaning of this Act that the several Rates and Duties, in and 1 by this Act imposed, shall be borne and paid by the respective Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, Proctors,

1 Agents, or Procurators, immediately retained or employed by the respective Party or Parties, and shall in no wife be charged or imposed, in the Whole or in Part, upon their respective Clients For the Prevention of such Charges, be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Solicitor^ Attorney, N of, heDti-Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, liable to the respective Duties hereby imposed, who shall be re- ticTtoVchargl tained by any Person or Persons to prosecute, carry on, manage, solicit, agent, or defend, any Action or cd to client*.

Suit, or any Prosecution or other Proceedings in any of the Courts aforesaid, directly or indirectly, to claim, demand^ or receive, from the Party or Parties aforesaid, or, under any Pretence whatsoever, to insert in any Pill of Fees or Charges, or Disbursements charged upon the Party or Patties aforesaid, any *Sum of Money whatsoever for or in respect of the Payment of the Rates or Duties aforesaid; but that it shall and may be lawful, upon Application of the Party or Parties charged therewith, or el any other Person in that Behalf authorised, unto any of the said Courts respectively, in which such Action or Suit,

Prosecution, or other Proceedings, shall have been t ran footed, to refer the said Bill or Demand to be taxed or settled by the proper Officer of such Court, in such Manner as is'by Law ordained or pr.tdifed in such Court reflectively, for the Taxation and Settlement of such Bills and Demands *, and if, upon the said Taxation and Settlement, it shall be found that such Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, shall have charged, or received from the Party or Parties aforesaid, any Sum of Money whatsoever contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Case the said Charge or Demand shall be difodlovved and (truck out of such Bill; or if the same shall have been paid, the said Solicitor, Attorney,

Notary, Procter, Agent, or Procurator respectively, shall refund and pay unto the Party and Parties intitled thereto, or to any other Person or Persons duly authorised, in such Manner as the respective Courts afore-Vol« XIV. Part V. 5 D said

on Penalty of

s'.

7+8

Ferfoni n^t immediately employed by the Parties may charge the Du* ties to the Attornies for whom they act

Common Appearance or Bail may be filed

without entering a Mrtnuiaodum*

After Appear-' ance of Bail* a Memorandum* must be enrered before any further Proceeding*,

on Penalty of 51.

Jf a Defendant it added after Commencement of an Action, a new Memorandum is not ne-ccfiary.

Memorandum*

to be delivered on putting in Bail to the Judge’s Clerk v. ho is to receive 2 d. in the IVund on the Duvies.

Judges Clerics net; I effing to deliver Memorandums, or de-iacing the Stamp* thereon, for it is 5o 1«

Not to extend to any Suit for Ids than 40 s,

C. 80. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

said shall direct, all such Money as the said. Officer shall certify to have been so overcharged or paid j and in every such Case shall also be liable to the Costs of the said Taxation, to be ascertained at the Discretion of the respective Courts aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, That in any Suit or Action, Prosecution, or other Proceedings in any of the Courts aforesaid, if the Person by whom any Memorandum or Minute shall have been delivered to be entered or filed of Record as aforesaid, and by whom the Duty payable thereon shall have been paid, shall not be immediately retained or employed by the Party or Parties prosecuting or defending the said Suit or Action, Prosecution, or other Proceedings, but shall act therein for and on the Behalf of the Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, so immediately retained and employed, it shall and may be lawful for every such Person to charge and place to the Account of the Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, so immediately retained and employed as aforesaid, the Duty hereby imposed on such Memorandum or Minute so paid,

XXII. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, retained or employed to prosecute or carry on any Suit or Action. Prosecution, or other Proceedings, for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any of the Courts aforesaid, to enter or hie, or cause to be entered or filed, any Common Appearance, or Common Bail, for the Defendant or Defendants, according to the Statute in that Case made and provided, without entering or filing of Record any Memorandum or Minute in that Respect for the Defendant or Defendants, and freed and discharged from the Rates and Duties hereby imposed thereon, in such Manner as might have been done before the passing of this Act; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, for any such Defendant or Defendants, shall, in any such Case where an Appearance or Bail hath been entered or filed according to the Statute, plead or carry on any further Proceedings for any such Defendant or Defendants, in any such Suit, Action, or Prosecution, until the Memorandum or Minute, Ramped, as aforesaid, of a Warrant, Mandate, or Authority to defend, shall have been delivered to the proper Officer, to be entered or filed of Record according to the Directions of the Act 5 and if any such Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator for any such Defendant or Defendants, after such Appearance or Bail hath been entered or filed, according to the Statute as aforesaid, shall plead or carry on any further Proceedings for any such Defendant or Defendants, in any such Suit, Action, or Prosecution, without having entered or filed of Record the Memorandum or Minute of his Warrant, Mandate, or Authority to defend, marked or stamped in such Manner as by this Act is directed, every such Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in every Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, had or commenced in any of the Courts aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, where any Person or Persons shall, under or by virtue of any Rule or Order of such Court respectively, be added as a Defendant or Defendants therein, it shall and may be lawful for any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to sue out the usual Process against such Person or Persons so added, without delivering any further or other Memorandum or Minute, in pursuance of this Act, by specirying in the Precipae to the Officer, that the Defendant or Defendants named therein hath or have been added thereto by Rule or Order.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every Attorney of the said Court ot King’s Bench, who shall put in any special Bail before any Judge or Judges of the said Court, at the Time of putting in thereof, to deliver into and deposit in the Clauds of the Judge’s Clerk, before whom such Bail shall be so put in, the Memorandum or Minute of his Warrant, Mandate, or Authority to defend, marked and stamped according to the Directions of this Act,

which Memorandum or Minute every such Clerk is hereby required to receive gratis; and the judges Clerics, to whom any such Memorandum or Minute shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall, within six Days after the fend of each Term, transmit and deliver the lame to the Officer appointed to file special Bails in the said Court, w be filed of Record; and the said Officer appointed to file i'uch Bails shall, out of the Monies paid to such Officer by the Receiver General of the Stamp-duties, according to the Directions of this Act, pay and allow to every such Clerk for the lame, the Sum of two Pence for every Pound Sterling which the Duties upon any such Memorandums or Minutes, delivered to be entered or filed of Record as aforesaid, shall amount unto; and in case any such Judge’s Clerk shall neglect to transmit and deliver to the Officer, appointed to file special Bails in the said Court of King’s Bench, all the Memorandums Or Minutes fode-posited in his Hands as aforesaid, or shall wilfully deface or obliterate the same, or the Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties payable thereon, every such Judge’s Clerk shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein alter is directed.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Payment of the Duties hereby imposed, for or in retpeft of any Mandate, Warrant, or Authority, to sue or defend, or any Memorandum or Minute thereof, to be entered or filed of Record in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding to be had, commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in any inferior Court, wherein the Debt or Damages, claimed or demanded, shall not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain \ but that, in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Attorney, Writer, Agent, or Procurator, retained or employed so carry on or defend such Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, to deliver in a Memorandum or Minute ol his Warrant, Mandate, or Authority, in the Manner herein after directed, not marked

7+9

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80.

or stamped with any Mark or Stamp denoting the Duty imposed by this Act, and to insert therein the Amount of the Debt or Damages, under forty Shillings, claimed or demanded as aforesaid; and that it shall not be lawful for any Plaintiff, Demandant, or Pursuer, in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, so commenced as aforesaid, to sue for or recover other, more or greater Debt or Damages than shall be contained and expressed in such Memorandum or Minute not damped as aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject to the Payment of the Duties hereby imposed, any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or in respect of any Proceedings commenced, carried On, prosecuted, or defended, in any of the Courts aforesaid, upon any Indictment whatsoever, or upon any Information, Suit, Writ, or Process, in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at the Instance of his Majesty's Attorney General, his Majesty's Advocate of Scotland, or any other Officer or Officers legally authorised to prosecute in his Majesty's Name, or to sue for his Majesty's Interest, save and except Informations in the Nature of Warranto, filed by his Majesty's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King’s Bench, Informations in any Courts of Equity, at the Relation of private Persons, Informations wherein any Person or Persons, other than his Majesty/his Heirs or Successors, shall be intitled to any Penalty or Forfeiture, or any Part thereof; in all which last mentioned Cases the said Duties shall be, and are hereby required to be paid, as in Cases between Party and Party, according to the Directions of this Act.

XXVIII. And, for the Encouragement of the respective Clerks and Officers, by this Act intrusted to enter and file of Record the Memorandums or Minutes hereby required to be stamped as aforesaid, to be ‘ attentive and vigilant in the Execution of this Act, and as a Compensation for their Trouble;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person employed by Order from the Commissioners of the said Duties, shall from Time to Time take an Account of the Number of the Memorandums or Minutes entered or filed of Record in the several and respective Courts and Offices aforesaid, and of the Amount of the respective Duties paid and payable thereon, and shall from Time to Time pay and allow to the respective Clerks and Officers aforesaid, the Sum of six Pence for every Pound Sterling which the Duties upon any such Memorandums or Minutes, entered or filed of Record, and produced as aforesaid, shall amount unto.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties, imposed on any Person or Persons for Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Englatid, the Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of lufticiary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Pact of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff, if he or she shall recover any renalty or Penalties, shall recover the (atne for his or her own Use, with full Costs of Suit.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with such counterfeit mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeit; or if any Person shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Adit, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Xlaufes, and all other Matters and Things, preferred or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relatbg-to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be in full Force and Effect with relation to r e Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting,'and securing the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep afeparate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Dudes, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the same Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies, paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to Jat'yfy certain Navyj Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures),

Act not to extend to Suit* -carried on in his Majesty's Name, &c. except where private Persons are interested.

Six Pence in the Pound on the Duties for recording Memorandums to be pa d to the Clerks.

How Penalties are to be recovered.

Persons counterfeiting any Stamp, or selling Vellum, &c. with counterfeit Marks, guilty of Felony.

Provisions of former Acts relating to Stamp-duties extended to this Act.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer.

sod kept Apt* rately.

Application of the Duties,

75° C. 80. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Pefidencie* in the Duties imposed for paying the Annuities granted by *4. Geo. 3,c io; *4 Geo. 3,c. and 25 Geo. 3. c. 32, to be m^ds good cut of the Sinking Fund:

And to be replaced out of the first Supplies.

Surplus of Duties to be referred for future Disposition of Parliament*

Central l(Tue. Tieblc Costs*

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times it shall happen that the Produce of the several Duties granted by this Act, together with the several other Duties, Revenues, and Taxes, granted in the last Session of Parliament for the Payment of the several and respective Annuities, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Su?n of Money by way of Annuities, and for eftahiijbhw a Lottery); and also by another Act, made in the same Session, for granting Annuities toJatify certain ATavy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; together with the several other Duties, Revenues, and Taxes, granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Payment of the Annuities granted by another Act, made in this Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures), together with the other Charges and Expences attending the said respective Annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the same, at the End of amy or either of the half-yearly Days of Payment at which the same are directed by the said Acts to be paid; then, and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the Monies which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Exceiles, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be, from Time to Time, issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times, before any Monies of the said Fund, established as aforesaid, shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there mall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the respective half-yearly Days for Payment of the same, that then, and in every such Case, the Money so wanted ftail and may be supplied out of the Monies of the said Sinking Fund (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Sinking Fund shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the fixft Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall beany Surplus or Remainder of the Monies arising by the said Funds, after the said several and respective Annuities, granted by the afore-mentioned Act, for raifng a certain Sum of Money by ivay of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, and also the Annuities granted in respect of the Money due for Bills payable in the Course of the Navy and Victualling-offices, and for Transports, and also for Ordnance Debentures, converted into Annuities in pursuance of the said Acts made in the last and this present Session of Parliament, and all Arrears thereof, are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall, from Time to Time, be reserved in the Exchequer for the future Disposition of Parliament.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in puiw fuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Blue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the vPlaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

THE

schedule;

Stating the Forms to which this Act refers.

No. 1.

Form of the Certificates to be granted to Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, Proctors, Agents, and Procurators, practising in the several Courts of Law and Equity, and Ecclesiastical and other Courts in Great Britain, by the respective Officers appointed for that Purpose (mutatis mutandis).

IN the Court of [insert the the Court in which the Certificate is obtained] in England (or Scotland, or Wales, as the Case may be).

1A.B. Chief Cleric [or Deputy to the Chief Clerk, as the Case may be] of the Court of King’s Bench, [or Clerk of the Warrants in the Court of Common Pleas, or as the Case may otherwise do hereby certify that the above written C.D. who hath this Day entered at my Office his Name and Place of Reli-

7 dence

kjO ne

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80,81. 751

dence as an Attorney, [or Solicitor, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, as the Case maybe], practising in Town, [or in the Country, as the Case may require], in pursuance or an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for granting certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies. Notaries, Proctors, Agents, or Procurators, is duly enrolled (or admitted, or registered, as the Case may require) an Attorney [or Solicitor, Notary,

Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, as the Case may beJ in this Court. In Witness whereof, I have this

Day of in the Year of the Reign of set my

Hand hereunto (the fame being first duly stamped according to the Place of Residence of the said C.D. herein above written).

A.B.

No. 2.

Form of the Memorandum or Minute to sue or defend, to be entered in the respective

Courts, or filed of Record.

IN the Court of [insert the Name of the Court in which the Proceedings are to

be carried on] in England (or Scotland, or Wales, etcetera, as the Case may be).

Middlesex, to wit.—A.B. is retained to prosecute by C.D. as his Attorney [or Solicitor, Notary, No. (on the Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, as the Case may be] against E.F. [or otherwise, as the f ilej. Case may be J.

A.B. Plaintiff's Attorney: [if by an Agent to the Solicitor, etcetera, immediately retained, add] by G. H. his Agent.

Entered or filed of Record (as the Case may require), this Day of

in the Year of the Reign of

[Officer9 s Name J.

No. 3.

The like Form for the Defendant’s Attorney, mutatis mutandis.

IN the Court of \insert the of the, as ].

's stained to defend by E.F. as his Attorney, at the Suit of A.B.

7. K. Defendant’s Attorney [if by an Agent, add) by L. M. his Agent.

Entered or filed of Record, this Year of the Reign of

Day of in the

[Officer's Name],

No. 4.

Form of the Memorandum or Minute of a Cognovit ARionetn, or Warrant of Attorney to enter up or acknowledge Judgement, in the respective Courts referred to by this Act.

IN the Court of [infers the Name of the Court, as before].

Middlesex, \ A\ B. is retained to enter up Judgement on a Cognovit Actionem for Warrant of Attorney to wit. J to acknowledge Judgement, as the Case may require), dated on the Day of

at the Suit of C\ D. against E.F.

A.B. Attorney; (if by an Agent, add] by G. H. his Agent.

I

Entered (or filed of Record, as the Case may require), this in the Year of the Reign of

Day of

[Officer's Name].

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco.

WHEREAS the many Regulations already provided by Law to prevent the fraudulent and clan- destine Importation of Tobacco into the Kingdom of Great Britain, and to prevent the Relanding of the same within the said Kingdom, after it has been shipped for Exportation, or exported from the said Kingdom, have been found ineffectual May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by me King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That> from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Tobacco

753

from Jan. I, 17861 no To* bacco but from America (except of the Growth of Spain or Portugal, or of Ireland), to be imported into Great Britain.

Restrish'ons on Importation of Tobacco from America.

American Tobacco imported inTraffick into the West India Islands, may be from thence imported into Great Britain*

No Tobacco to be imported but in Casks, Stc, containing 450 Pounds Wci&ht.

Tobacco may be brought loose for the Use of the Seamen, &c. at the Rate of five Pounds each. Small Quantitie* of Tobacco, being on board a Vessel without the Knowledge Of the Master, shall not make her liable to forfeiture.

C. 81. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

bacco whatsoever shall be imported or brought into Great Britain (except Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported respectively in the Manner, and under the Restrictions and Regulations, and paying the lame Duties, which such Tobacco was subject and liable to by all and every Act and Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of making this present Act; and except Tobacco of the Growth of Ireland, imported as by Law allowed before the making of this Act), other than from some Port or Place within his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or from some Port or Place within the United States of America, upon Pain of Forfeiture thereof, together with the Package containing the same, and also the Ship or Vessel on board, or in which the lame shall be imported or brought, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco whatsoever shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatsoever, within his Majesty's laid Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, from any Port or Place whatsoever within the said United States of America, in any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than seventy Tons, and which Ship or Vessel is either British built, or belonging to the United States of America, and navigated in Manner following; that is to say, If a British built Ship, with the Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners British, and if belonging to the said United States of America, with the Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners belonging to the said United States; and no Tobacco, other than of the Growth or Production of his Majesty's laid Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the Growth or Production of the said United States of America, shall be so as aforesaid imported or brought into Great Britain, and shall not be so imported other than directly from some Port or PJace in his Majesty's said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or in the said United States of America, respectively, and into some one or other of the Ports or Places herein after mentioned in Great Britain; that is to say, London, Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Cozves, Whitehaven, Hull, Port Glasgow, and Greenock, and no other, upon Pain of Forfeiture thereof, together with the Casks and Package containing the fame: Provided nevertheless, That if any Tobacco of the Growth or Produce of the said United States of America shall, in the fair and lawful Way of Barter or Traffick between the People of those States and the People of his Majesty's Islands in the IVe/i Indies, or of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, be imported or brought from the said United States into any of the said Islands or Plantations in a British~built Ship lo navigated as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to export from the said Islands in the West Indies the same Tobacco, and to import it direbcly from thence into some one or other of the said respective Portshcrcin before enumerated in Great Britain, in a British-built Ship or Vessel of a Burthen not less than seventy Tons, and so navigated as before directed, upon the same Duties, and on the same Terms in every Respect, as Tobacco is allowed to be imported into Great Britain directly from fpme Port or Place in his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or directly from some Port or Place in the said United States of America \ provided such Tobacco shall be accompanied with the like Documents, and shall in every Respect come under the several Restrictions and Regulations herein after directed and required by this Act for Tobacco so to be imported into Great Britain as aforesaid directly, either from his Majesty's said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or from the said United States of America; and provided, in the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writings, accompanying into Great Britain such Tobacco so imported from the said United States as aforesaid into the said Islands in the West Indies, or the said Colonies or Plantations in North America, and afterwards imported into Great Britain as aforesaid from thence, the Name or Names of the several and respective Veflek which shall have so imported such Tobacco from the said United States into those Islands, Colonies, or Plantations respectively, and the Name or Names of the several and respective Masters of those several and respective Ships, shall be particularly set forth and specified.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco shall be so as aforesaid imported or brought into Great Britain, otherwise than in Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or cases, each Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case whereof shall contain four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight Net of Tobacco, at the least, not packed in Bags, or in any other Packages, within such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, nor separated or divided, within such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, respectively, by any Package, or otherwise howsoever, upon Forfeiture of all such Tobacco as shall be so imported contrary to this Act, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chest?, cases, or other Package containing the fame; and the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the said Tobacco so forfeited as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any Tobacco imported or brought loose in any Ship or Vessel, for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to or on board the said Ship or Vessel, or for the Use of the Passengers onboard such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding five Pounds Weight for each Person.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent Evidence from being received, m any Suit or Information Brought for the Forfeiture of any Vessel, for or on Account of any Tobacco imported or brought into Great Britain in such Ship or Vefi fel, in order to shew, from the Smallness of the Quantity of the said Tobacco, and other Circumstances of the Case, that the said Tobacco was on board such Ship or Vessel without the Knowledge and Privity of the Owner, or of the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, and without any wilful Neglect or Want of reasonable Care in the Discharge of the Duty of such Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel; and in every such Case, where Proof shall be made, from the Smallness of the Quantity of Tobacco, and other Circumstances, that such small Quantity

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. 753

was on board without the Knowledge, Privity, or Consent, either of the Owner, or the Matter, or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, and without any wilful Neglect or Want of reasonable Care, either in the Owner, or in the Matter, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel; then, and in every such Case, such Ship or Vessel shall not be forfeited for or oi} Account of such small Quantity of Tobacco.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel whatsoever shall have taken on board To- officer* of the bacco at any Port or Place whatsoever within his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in Customi in a-Americdy in order to convey the same from thence into Great Britain, the Collector and Comptroller, and merica to deliver two other Chief Officers employed in the Management of the Customs, at such Port or other Place where

such Ship or Vessel shall have taken on board Tobacco, shall, at and upon the Clearing of every such Ship or n;fc^ "nd tunf-Vessel by the proper Officers of the Customs appointed for that Purpose, deliver to the Matter, or other rer- mit ^Duplicate son having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, a Manifest or Content in Writing, to the Commis-under their Hands and Seals o t Office, which said Manifest or Content shall contain the Name of the Port or fioncrl °(the Place where such Tobacco, in such Manifest or Content mentioned, shall have been lb taken on board, the ^cat's,iuin Name of the Ship or Vessel so taking the lame on board, and the Tonnage thereof, and a true Account of rW liUln* all the Tobacco so laden on board such Ship or Vessel, with the Number of Hogstteads, Casks, Chests, and Cafo6 containing the lame, and the particular Weight of the Tobacco contained in each particular Hogs-head. Calk, Chest, and Case, together with the Marks and Numbers set on each and every Hogshead, Calk,

Chest, or Case thereof, with the Pare of each particular Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case in which such

Tobacco shall be contained; which laid particular Weight of the Tobacco and Tare, respectively, shall

also be marked on each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case respectively j and such Officers as

aforesaid shall also, at and upon the Cleaving of every such Ship or-Vessel as aforesaid, immediately transmit

a Duplicate or Duplicates of such Manifest or Content to the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain; and if any Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs, at

any such Port or Place, shall, at and upon the CLearing of any such Ship or Vessel having Tobacco on

board as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to deliver to the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or

Command of any such Ship or Vessel, such Manifest or Content as is herein before directed, or shall not, as herein before directed, transmit a Duplicate or Duplicates of such Manifest or Content to the said respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain respectively as aforesaid, he or they shall respectively

forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds; or if such Collector, Comptroller, pena]tiesoo Nc-

or other Chief Officer or Officers, shall knowingly deliver a false or fictitious Manifest or Content, or glea of wanf-

transmit a false or fictitious Duplicate or Duplicates of any Manifest or Content, contrary to the true Intent mining a Dupli-

and Meaning of this Act, he or they shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every such Offence so committed, of the Sum of five hundred Pounds $ and every such Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer or Officers, *r xraVmiffiorT

U}xm being duly convicted of knowingly delivering a false or fictitious Manifest or Content, or transmitting a of a seise ooc.

false or fictitious Duplicate or Duplicates, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose his Employment, and from

thenceforth be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any Place or Trust whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of N©Tob»ceo«f America, except such Tobacco as shall be Water-borne before the said first Day of January one thousand the Growth of seven hundred and eighty-six, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from the said United States, in Amerkio any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, unless the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com- w'thV! mand of every Ship or Vessel importing such Tobacco, shall have on board a Manifest or Manifests, or Con- Manifest sworn tent or Contents in Writing, made out and signed by such Matter or other Person, on or before the Clear- to by the M*-ing of every such Ship or Vessel, at all and each and every of the Ports or Places within the said United fterof the VtUH, States where such Tobacco shall be laden on board, containing the Name or Names of the several and respedfive Ports or Places where ti>e Tobacco in such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents mentioned, shall have been so respectively laden on board, the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the Tobacco shall be lb laden, and the T onnage thereof, with the several other Particulars before directed and required by this Act to be delivered by the Collector and Comptroller, or two other Chief Officers of his Majesty’#

Customs, at the Ports or Places in his Majesty's said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in Am/- ,

rica9 to the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel cleared out from thence laden with "Tobacco, to be imported from thence into Great Britain as aforesaid; upon which said Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, so to accompany Tobacco imported into Great Britain from the said United States, there shall be indorsed the Oath of the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel so laden as aforesaid with Tobacco in the said United States, testifying die Truth thereof, and sworn toby the said Matter or other Person, on or before the clearing as aforesaid of such Ship or Vessel in the said United States, before the British Consul, if there shall be any one then resident at or near to the Port or Place where such Tobacco shall be so laden, or before lbme Magistrate or publick Officer residing at or near to such Place, if there be not any British Consul mere.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Tobacco shall be imported or brought as aforesaid into Pen*ltye*lm-Great Britain, in airy Ship or Vessel whatsoever, from any Port or Place within his Majesty's Colonies, pertatioaofTo* Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or from any Port or Place within the United States of Ame* bacc? "j1*1011 rtca, without such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, as before directed, all such Tpbaccofo imported or brought into Great Britain, shall be subje&and liable to the ferae Duties as Tobacco of the Growth of the Spanish or Portuguese Plantations j and the Matter, or other Person having or

taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum oi one hundred Pounds.

754

Manifest to be produced to Officers of the Customs of the Port when: aShip arrive*

Copies of Manifest to be given to the Officer of the Cudoms&c.

Copy after Entry to be transmitted to the Commissioners of Cust nns, and the Officer to lock down the Hatchways

Penalty on not producing, or giving Copies of Manit'efls to the Officers of the Customi, and on Hefufal to assist in locking down the Hatchways,

Penalty on Officers neglecting to require the Production of Maniieih; dec.

C. 81. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, in which any Tobacco shall be lb imported or brought as aforesaid into any of the several and respective Ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, either from any Port or Place within his Majesty's said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or from any Port or Place within the said United States of America, shall, upon Demand, produce all and every such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, which such Matter or other Person is before directed and required by this Act to have onboard his said Ship or Vetted, to all and every OlHccr and Officers of his Majesty's Customs who shall come on board his said Ship or Vessel, upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid within the Limits of any such Port, for his or their Perulal, Examination, and Inspection ther:of; which said several Officers, to whom the same shall have been so produced, shall certify, upon the Back thereof, the Production of the same; and the said Matter, or other Person so having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall not only produce to the Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs who shall first come on board such Ship or Vessel, upon her Arrival as aforesaid within any of the said Ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing as aforesaid, but shall give and deliver to him or them a true Copy or Copies thereof (such Copy or Copies to be provided by and at the Expence of the said Matter or other Person); the Production of which said Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Whiling, and the Receipt of such Copy or Copies thereof as before di refled, shall be certified by the said Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, who shall lo first as aforesaid come on board the said Ship or Vessel, to have been so delivered as aforesaid, upon the Back of the said original Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, with the particular Day, and the Time when, such Officer or Officers so received the fame; and such Officer or Officers is and are hereby required, at the next Custom-house to the Place where he or they shall have so received the said Copy or Copies of such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing as aforesaid, within twenty-four Hours after the Time he or they shall have so received the same, to make an Entry thereof, or cause the same to be entered, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose at the several and respective Custom Houses at the said several and respective Ports in Great Britain, wlicre such Tobacco as aforesaid is permitted to be imported and brought; and after the same shall have been so entered as aforesaid, the said Officer or Officers who shall have so entered, or caused the same to be entered in the said Book as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit, or cause to be transmitted, the said Copy or Copies of the said Manifest or Mani-fcits, or Content or Contents in Writing, to the said respective Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain; and such Officer or Officers who Shall have so received such Copy or Copies shall, and is and are hereby required to batten and lock down the main and other Hatchway and Hatchways leading to the Hold or Place of Stowage in such Ship or Vessel, and the Matter, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, and is hereby required to assist, or cause to be assisted, the said Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, by a sufficient Number of the Crew of such Ship or Vessel, in the battening and locking down the said Hatchway or Hatchways.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel in which any such Tobacco shall be so imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, shall not produce such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, to each and every the Officer and Officers of his Majesty's Customs as aforesaid, upon Demand thereof, and also give such Copy or Copies thereof as aforesaid to the Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, who shall first come on board such Ship or Vessel upon her Arrival as aforesaid, within any of the said Ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, all the Tobacco on board such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be Tobacco imported or brought into Great Britain without a Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, as before directed, and shall be subject and liable to the same Duties as Tobacco of the Growth of the Spanish or Portuguese Plantations; and the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and such Master or other Person, if he shall not aid and assist, or cause to be aided and assisted, the Officer or Officers of the Customs as aforesaid, in battening and locking down the main and other Hatchway and Hatchways leading to the Hold or Place of Stowage as aforesaid, such Master or other Person shall likewise forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall go on board any Ship or Vessel, in which any Tobacco shall be so imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, and shall not demand, as aforesaid, the Production of the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing as aforesaid; or in case, upon Production thereof, such Officer or Officers shall not certify thereupon the Production thereof as aforesaid; or if any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, who shall first go on board such Ship or Vessel within the Port of Dischargs for any such Tobacco so imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, and to whom such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, shall have been so produced, and a Copy or Copies thereof given or delivered as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit to certify the Receipt of such Copy or Copies in the Manner herein before directed, or shall not, within twenty-four Hours after the Time of receiving such Copy or Copies as aforesaid (unless prevented by some unavoidable Accident or reasonable Cause) enter, or cause to be entered, such Copy or Copies in the Book so directed to be kept for that Purpose as aforesaid, or shall not transmit the said Copy or Copies with all convenient Speed, and without Loss of Time, to the said respective Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, as herein before is directed, or shall neglect or omit to batten and lock down the Hatchway and Hatchways as aforesaid, such Officer or Ofijcers shall, for each and every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. 755

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four or more of them for the Time being, shall, and are hereby required to fix and appoint, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from Time to Time continued, at each and every of the respective Ports in England herein after mentioned; that is to say, London, Bristol, LiverpoolLancasler, Cowes, Whitehaven, and Hull, a certain Place for the Purpose of mooring every Ship or Vessel, which shall so as aforesaid come or arrive within any of those respective Ports, laden with Tobacco as aforesaid; from which Place such respective Ships or Vessels shall not, on any Pretence whatsoever, depart, until their respective Cargoes of Tobacco shall have been delivered from them in the Manner herein after mentioned, and until such Ships or Vessels shall be regularly cleared by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs for diat Purpose; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the Time being, are hereby in like Manner authorised and required to fix and appoint, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from Time to Time continued, af each and every of the said respe&rve Ports in Scotland herein after mentioned; that is to Tay, Greenock, or Port Glasgow, a certain Place for the Purpose of mooring such Ships or Vessels as shall come to or arrive at any of the said respective Ports in Scotland herein before enumerated; from which Place such respective Ships or Vessels shall not, on any Pretence whatsoever, depart, until their respective Cargoes of Tobacco shall have been delivered from them in the Manner herein after mentioned, and until such Ships or Vessels shall have been regularly cleared by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs for that Purpose 5 and if the Mailer of any Ship or Vessel, having such Tobacco on board as aforesaid, upon her Arrival at any of the before mentioned Ports in England or Scotland respectively, shall not forthwith comply with all and every the Directions, Requisitions, and Regulations, given, required, fixed upon, or appointed by the said respective Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them for the Time being, in England, or the Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them for the Time being in Scotland, by virtue and in pursuance of the Authority hereinbefore given, and the Power veiled in such Commissioners respectively, in order to secure the due Payment of the Duties upon the Tobacco so to be imported or brought into Great Britain, such Mailer, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, unless, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, such Mailer or other Person shall be prevented from such Compliance by Means of any unforeseen or unavoidable Accident.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if, after the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel so laden with Tobacco as aforesaid, within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great Britain, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, Bulk shall be broken, or any Part of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel shall be unladed or unshipped, with Intention to be laid on Land, or unshipped for any other Purpose whatsoever, out of such Ship or YeiTel as aforesaid, within the Limits or Diilance aforesaid, before such Ship or Vessel shall come to the Place appointed for her Discharge, as before directed, and shall be there duly authorised by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to unlade the same (unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and Did refs of Weather, or Other unavoidable Accident, Necessity or Distress; of which Necessity and Dill refs, or other unavoidable Accident, the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice; and the said Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, together with two or more of the Mariners on board such Ship or Vessel, shall make Prod upon Oath, before the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port within the Limits of which such Accident, Necessity, or Dill refs shall happen, or before the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the hr ft Port in Great Britain within the Limits of which such Ship or Vessel shall afterwards arrive, if the said Accident, Necessity, or Distress, shall have happened not within the Limits of any Port, but within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain (which Oath the said Collector, or other Chief Officer, is hereby authorised and required to administer), every such Ship or Vessel, together with her Cargo, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited and left, and the said Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds; or if the Fastenings or Locks to the Hatchway or Hatchways on board any such Ship or Vessel, or any of them, after having been so battened and locked down as aforesaid by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs as aforesaid, shall be broken before the said Ship’s Arrival at her Moorings as aforesaid, or before the same shall have been opened under the Authority of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs as aforesaid, unless upon the like Proof as before mentioned of the unavoidable Necessity thereof made in the Manner before directed in case of Bulk being broken, or any Part of the Cargo unladen or unshipped aforesaid, the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit apd lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com-" niand of any Ship or Vessel, in which such Tobacco shall be so imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britain, shall, on or before the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at her Moorings as aforesaid, at any one of the (hid refoedive Ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, make a just and true Entry, upon Oath, of the burthen. Contents, and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, with the particular Marks, Numbers, Qualities, and Contents, of every Parcel of Goods then laden on board such Ship or Vessel, to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief, and do and perform every Act and Thing m relation thereto, before the Customer, Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the said Port, openly in the Cuilom House at the same Port, in the Manner and as directed and required by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of her iate Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Uni/ting the Times for laying on Land Merchandize from beyond the Seas, and touching Cu/loms for Jiueet Jl'nies; and by an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abides in his Alydlys Cu/loms, under foe Penalty of the Forfeiture of one

Commissionerc, of Custom* to appoint a PI ice for mooring Ship*, till their C»rjofi are delivered.

Penalty on Kan.

compliance wiib the Regulation of the Commissioners of tUe Custom*.

Penalty on breaking Bulk without Authority from the Officer of she Customs, uolcf* from NectiTry.

Penalty nn un-Lsftening Li» hi without Authority.

Maftirof Vc£» fe) to make ia

Lullj upon Oath of the Burl),m# Cent mi 5, &c.

there, f, >re the C i its Officer of 1 he Cof-tusm at (he Porr, aprcrablt to Act I £1.2. c. 11 j arri Att 1 3 and 34 Car. 2. c. Jif under Pena! y of 7cc, 1.; j»(hj to uthvcr his M*-

C. 81.

wife ft, under like Penalty fyt

Importers of Tokaccoto make tntry within a limited Time after Arrival at any Port in Great Britain of the Quantity* lrc«

tntfff Duties are aot forthwith paid, to give Bond far Pay* mat,

Tobacco imported to be dr-posited t/» Wm-houfrs to be fixed upon by the Commissioners of the Customs,

"Commissioners

|p provideW are-houses out of Duties on Tobacco.

landing Waiter I so apply to the

Colleton for

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

hundred Pounds; and the said Master or other Person shall, at the Time that he so makes his Reporter laid Entry upon Oath of his Ship at the Custom House as aforesaid, deliver to the Collector or other Chief Of* ficer of the Customs at the said Port, the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, as be* fore directed to accompany such respective Cargoes, and to be on board every Ship or Vessel in which Tobacco shall be so imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britain; and if the said Master, or Other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall omit, neglect, or refuse, to deliver such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing as aforesaid, to the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Time he so makes his said Report or Entry upon Oath of hb Ship at the Custom House as aforesaid, every such Master, or other Person lb having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose die Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any Tobacco imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively, within ten Days, if the Whole or the major Part of the Lading of the Ship or Vessel In which the same shall be so imported or brought be Tobacco, or within fifteen Days, if the major Part of the Lading of such Ship or Vessel shall consist of other Goods, and not of Tobacco, after the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall have or ought to have made his Report or said Entry upon Oath of his Ship, in Manner herein before directed, make, in the ufuzd and accustomed Manner, with the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain where the said Ship or Vessel shall arrive so laden in the Whole or in Part with Tobacco as aforesaid, a due Entry in Writing of all the Tobacco so by them, and each and every of them, respectively imported in such Ship or Vessel, or of which they, and each and every of them, are the Importers, Proprietors, and Consignees, respectively, agreeably to the several and respective Marks, Numbers, and Contents, as specified in the Manifest or Manifests, Content or Contents in Writing, relative to such respective Tobacco, and also agreeably to the Particulars set forth in the said Report, or said Entry upon Oath, of the Master. or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Tobacco shall be so as aforesaid rdpe£tively imported or brought into Great Britain; and the said respective Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, immediately after they have respectively so duly entered their said Tobacco as aforesaid, with the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, provided he or they do not respectively forthwith pay into the Hands of the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, the several Subsidies, Customs, Duties, and Imports, due and payable for the said Tobacco, shall, and are hereby directed and required, severally and respectively, to become bound unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in one or more Bond or Bonds, in the Penalty of Double the Amount of the Duties upon the Tobacco so entered as aforesaid, for Payment of the said Subsidies, Customs, Duties, and Imports, within eighteen Months, to commence at and from die Expiration of twenty Days after the Report or said Entry upon Oath of the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Tobacco shall be so imported or brought as aforesaid, or to commence from the said Entry of fudvTobacco respectively, by the several and resp.cclive Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof as aforesaid, within those twenty Days, which ever Period of Time shall first appen; which Bond or Bonds shall not be given up, cancelled, or discharged, but upon Payment of the respective Duties by such Bond or Bonds so secured to be paid, or upon the due Exportation of the Tobacco, for the Payment of the Duties upon which such Bond or Bonds are respectively given, under the Restriiftious and Regulations herein after directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco which shall from Time to Time be so imported as aforesaid into Great Britain, shall, upon being landed, be forthwith carried and conveyed to, and having been examined, weighed, and dealt with in the Manner herein after directed, be forthwith deposited or lodged in, and secured at such particular Warehouse or Warehouses as shall be fixed upon, and from Time to Time appointed for that Purpose, at the said several Ports herein before enumerated, within Great Britain, by the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them for the Time being, in England^ or the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them for the Time being, in Scotland, respectively; and to which said respective Warehouses, and no other, Tobacco, upon being so landed as aforesaid, shall be carried or conveyed as aforesaid, under the Guard and especial Care of such Officer or Officers of the Customs a^> (Bail from Time to Time be fixed upon and appointed for that Purpose, under the Authority of the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them for the Time being, in England, 01 the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them for the Time being, in Scotland, reflectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them for the Time being, in England, and the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them for the Time being, in Scotland, respectively, are hereby authorised and impowered, out of any of the Subsidies, Customs, Duties, or Imports, paid by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, upon the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain, to provide from Time to Time, as they shall deem requisite and necessary for the Publick Service, and for the Service of Revenue, a Warehouse or Warehouses at each and every of the said resperitive enumerated Torts; in which Warehouse or Warehouses, and no other, all such Tobacco, so as aforesaid imported or brought into Great Britain, shall be so deposited, or lodged and secured as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Landing Waiters appointed for the Delivery of every Ship or Vessel so arriving as aforesaid at any of the several Ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, from any Port or Place within his said Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Ialands, or Tetri tgxies, in America, or

P

C. 81.

A.D. Anno vicesimo qomto Georgii III.

757

from the said United States of America, having Tobacco on board, shall, upon being so appointed to such Jke Entnei*f Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, apply in the usual Manner to the CoIIedJor of the Customs at such Port for the *mP°rted Jo-usual Entrvor Entries made of such Tobacco, or Warrant or Warrants of Entry, afeercaining the Duties *pon such Tobacco either to have been paid or secured, and for the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or be landed tin Contents in Writing, accompanying the said Tobacco (who is hereby required and direct^d to deliver the they have cn-fame to such Landing Waiters); and such Landing Waiters are hereby directed and required not to fufter tered Haitian y Part of the Tobacco on board such Ship or Vessel to be landed until they have, from and agreeably to «ulars in the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, so delivered to them by the said Collector, entered into their respective Books (given to them by the Directions of the Commissioners of his Majesty's 5

Customs, for keeping Accounts of Goods by them delivered, or suffered to be delivered, from on board such Ships} the several and respective Entries so made as aforesaid, and the several and respective Marks, Numbers, Weights, Tares, and Contents, of the several Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, and cases, as described and set forth in the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, so directed as aforesaid, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of fifty Pounds; and the said Landing Waiters are hereby directed and required Lining Waiter? to give or deliver to such Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs as shall be appointed for that Purpose to give the usual by the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, for the Hermit to the Time being, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the Time being, respectively, the usual and accustomed Order or Orders to the Officers stationed on board Toblcc*. such Ship or Vessel, permitting them to fuller such particular Hogsheads or other Packages of Tobacco on board such Ship or Vessel, particularly described in such said Order or Orders, to be delivered from on board such Ship or Vessel, in the usual and accustomed Manner; and such Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Regulation* for Customs, to whom such Order or Orders shall be so delivered as aforesaid, from such Landing Waiters as Delivery, aforesaid, shall forthwith repair on board such Ship or Vessel, and in the rreience of the Officers then stationed on board, and in the Presence likewise of the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, if such Matter or other Person be then on board, and thinks proper, or chufcs to attend, upon being acquainted therewith by the said Officer or Officers, open the main and other. Hatchway and Hatchways leading to the Hold or Place of Stowage as aforesaid in such Ship or Vessel. and bring, or cause to be brought, ujxm the Deck of such Ship or Vessel, the several Hogsheads or other Packages of To >r cco on board such Ship or Vessel, particularly mentioned and described in such Order or Orders so delivered to them as aforesaid by the Landing Waiters, and affix, or cause to be affixed, to each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case of Tobacco, such Mark or Impression as the said Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, in Great Britain, respectively, shall direct for that Purpose, with the pro-greflive Number to each and every such Hogshead, Calx, Chest, or Case; and after the said several Hogsheads, Caflcs, Chests, 3nd Cases of Tobacco have had such Mark or Impression so affixed to them respectivefjr as aforesaid, the same is and are hereby directed and required to be unshipped into proper Craft, and sent up under proper Guards, and landed in the usual Manner, and at the usual Places, and to be conducted forth- and for convey# with under proper Guard, and the Care of such Officers as the said respective Commissioners of his Majesty's ing the Package* Customs in Great Britain shall respectively appoint for that Purpose, to the respective Warehouse or Ware- to the Ware-houses in which the same Tobacco is to be so deposited, or lodged in and secured as aforesaid; and the said hotf i. Landing Waiters so appointed as aforesaid to such respective Ship or Vessel, shall, and are hereby rci- Landing Waiter* quired, upon the respective Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases of Tobacco being so brought as aforesaid to JufrL^ntach the said respective Warehouse or Warehouses, and at or near the same, to cause the usual and accustomed *c?tnd

Landing Marks, or such other Landing Marks as Avail be from Time to Time directed by the said respectivfe

enter the fame

Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain as aforesaid, to be fixed and set upon every Hogshead, Calk, in their Booki, Chest, or Caftl whatsoever, containing such Tobacco so landed as aforesaid; and the said Landing Waiters 0r1 Penalty of are hereby also required to enter such Landing Marks in their several and respective Books so given to them as $o1* ]

aforesaid from the said respective Commissioners of the Customs, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds each; and the said Landing Waiters at or near to the said Warehouse or Warehouses are then to Landing Waiter* weigh, or cause to be weighed, the said several and respective Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or cases, to

and to insert, as usual, the several and respective Weights in their said respective^ Books; and, in Totlcco* order to prevent Disputes between the Officers who shall attend the weighing of such Tobacco as aforesaid, and the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees, in regard to the Justice of the Weiglits to be taken, it ts hereby directed, that the Weights shall be as minutely and correctly taken as possible, giving the Turn of the Scale in Favour of the Crown; but in lieu thereof, and that the Merchant may not be aggrieved, the said Officers of the Customs are hereby authorised and required to allow to the Merchant two Pounds Weight Allowance m

Avoirdupois upon every Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case so respectively weighed; which Mode, in regard to lieu of the Turn the Turn of the Scale, is hereby directed and required to be observed particularly, and followed in weighing the Scale, Tobacco for Exportation to foreign Parts, or on Delivery thereof for Home 1'rade^ as herein after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the said Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or cases, have been so $aT)pjef may be weighed as aforesaid, the several Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees, or their Agents, shall be permitted, taken ot Torn the Presence of the said respective Landing Waiters, to draw or take, for the Purpose of Sample only, ot|t ^co which ha* of each Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case, so weighed as aforesaid, as much Tobacco as they shall re- we’&hcd' spectively require, not exceeding four Pounds Weight; which said Tobacco so taken as aforesaid by turned °C way of Sample, shall be returned by the said Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees, respectively, to be weighed together With the respective Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case, out of which such Sample tobacco hath been so taken as aforesaid, upon the re-weighing thereof respectively, either for Exportation or for Home Trade, 1

7S8

A second Sample may be taken under the same Rertn£tion*, on Return or the lull Sample.

Landing Waiiera to furnish the Warehouse Keepers with Copies of the Entries, &c.

and with a Cheque Book when the whole Cargo is depe-Cited, which after Examination is to be returned fip wed to the Landing Waiter,

Landing Waiter! after the landing, dec. of the Cargo, o deliver to the Merchant an Account of the Marks and Weights of the flugfhead, &c.

Damaged To* bacco to be burnt, if the Du y is refused to be paid.

The Stalk not to be frparaicd from the Leaf.

Allowance for Tobacco actually damaged on Ship-board, Scc.

Regulation* for

repacking and cirpor ing the found Part of damaged Tobacco,

C. 81. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be found necessary by the said Merchants to take a second Sample of Tobacco, it shall be lawful for them so to do, provided, at the Time of taking it, the first be returned and put into the respective Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, out of which it was taken, and provided inch second Sample be taken in the Presence of the Officer or Officers of the Customs in whose Custody the Tobacco shall Men be, and provided such second Sample shall not exceed four Pounds Weight; which said second Sample is hereby directed and required to be returned in order to be weighed, either for Exportation or Home Trade as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Landing Waiters, before they proceed to weigh any of the Tobacco so landed as aforesaid, shall furnish the Officer or Officers of the Customs, who shall be appointed to the Care of the respective Warehouse or Warehouses in which the said Tobacco is to be so lodged as aforesaid, and in whose Custody such Tobacco is to be so deposited as aforesaid, with a Copy of the several and respective Entries, or Warrants of Entry, for such respective Tobacco, and each and every Day after they have so weighed any of the same Tobacco, like wife furnish such Officer or Officers with the landing Numbers and Weights of each respective Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, so respectively weighed on that Day, which the said Warehouse Officer or Officers are hereby directed to enter, or cause to be entered, in proper Rooks to be kept for that Purpose; and as soon as the whole Cargo of Tobacco of any one respective Ship shall have been to landed, weighed, and deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively as aforesaid, the Landing Waiters appointed to such Ship or Vessel shall forthwith furnish the said Warehouse Officer 0? Officers with one of their said Books so kept as aforesaid by him or them for the same Ship; and the said Warehouse Officer or Officers, after comparing the same with the Accounts kept by him or them from the Materials with which he or they shall have been so furnished daily as aforesaid by the said Landing Waiters, sign the same Book so left with them as aforesaid by the said Landing Waiters, if the said Account of the said Warehouse Officer or Officers shall be found in every Respe^ to correspond therewith, and, after so signing it, return the lame to the same Landing Waiters.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Landing Waiters shall, so soon as conveniently may be after the whole Cargo of Tobacco of any one respective Ship or Vessel shall have been so landed; weighed, and deposited in such Warehousq or Warehouses reflectively as aforesaid, deliver, without Fee or Reward, to each Merchant having Tobacco on board such respective Ship or Vessel, if required, an Account from their said Books of the particular Marks and Numbers upon the several Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or cases, containing such Merchant’s Tobacco, respectively, with the particular Weights of each such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case, and the Particulars of the Damage cut off and separated from the Tobacco in each such several and respective Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or cases.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance, either at the Scale, or otherwise, shall be mads to the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Corlfignee or Consignees, for or in Consideration of any such Tobacco so imported or brought into Great Britain being damaged or mean; but in case any Merchant or other Person Avail refuse to enter, and pay or secure the Duties aforesaid for such Tobacco, then he or they shall have Liberty to refuse the lame, or to separate such damaged Tobacco, by cutting off from the Hogshead or other Package so much thereof as he Or they shall refuse to pay Duty for; and the principal Officers of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, shall cause all such Tobacco to be burnt or destroyed, without making any Allowance to such Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee, for Freight or other Charges, other than the Allowances hereafter in this Act provided; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall not be lawful for any Merchant or other Person, nor shall they have Liberty, to separate the Stalk from the Leaf, on Pretence that the same is damaged or mean Tobacco.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Tobacco so imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid shall happen to receive Damage on board any Ship or Vessel, by btrefs of Weather at Sea, or any Damage by any such Ship or Vessel being forced on Shore in any Part of Great Britain, or if any un fore fee n Accident shall happen, after the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel within the Port for discharging her Tobacco in Great Britain, by the Ship’s bulging on an Anchor, or by the Lighter into which the Tobacco is put in order to be laid on Land, or by any such like Accident, whereby such Tobacco shall receive Damage, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Collectors, or other Chief Officers of his Majesty's Customs, to allow and pay to the Importer, Proprietor, or Con fig-nee, at the Rate of one Halfpenny for every Pound of such Tobacco for which the importer, Proprietor, or Consignee, shall refuse to pay or secure the full Duties, and which shall be cut off or separated from the found Tobacco, in order to be burnt, or otherwise publickly destroyed, by the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, so as such Allowance shall not exceed thirty Shillings for all the Tobacco damaged in any one Angle Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Calc imported; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enabled. That if, upon the Landing and Examination of any unmanufactured Tobacco so imported into Great Britain as aforesaid, it shall appear that the Tobacco in any of the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases containing the same, is so much damaged, that by cutting off the damaged Part thereof (for which no Duty is to be paid) the found Tobacco remaining in any of such Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases (for which Duty is to be paid), is under the Weight of four hundred and fifty Pounds, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignes or Consignees thereof, in the Presence of the

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. 7

Landing Waiters appointed to deliver the Ship in which the same was imported, to cause all such found Tobacco to be put together into one 0/ more of the same Hogsheads, Cartes, Cherts, or Cases out of which the damaged Tobacco was taken; and the said Landing Waiters, or other proper Officers, are hereby directed and required to enter into their re(pc£b*ve Books the true and exact Weight of all such found Tobacco put into each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chert, or Case, with the several an<Jrefpe£Kve Marks and Numbers set on each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chert, or Case, and also to note and specify in their Books that such Hogsheads, Casks, Cherts, or Cases were packed and re-filled in their Pretence; and all and every such Hogsheads, Casks, Cherts, or cases, of unmanufactured Tobacco, shall and may be exported from the Warehouse or Warehouses into which the same shall have been lb respectively lodged or deposited, and secured as aforesaid, provided the Quantity of the Tobacco in each such Hogshead, Calk,

Chert, or Case, shall amount to four hundred and twenty-five Pounds Weight, or more, in the same Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Package of such Tobacco had not been altered; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall enter, at any Regulation<on of the several Ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, any such Tobacco, in order to lie shipped En:ry of To-and exported in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, to any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, shall, at or near to baccoforE*. the Warehouse or Warehouses in which such Tobacco shall have been so as aforesaid lodged or de- PorUtlon* posited, and secured as aforesaid, and before the lame, or any Part thereof, is finally clifeiurged from the Custody of the Officer or Officers of the said respective Warehouse or Warehouses, in order to be laden on board any Ship or Vessel to be so exported, indorse upon the Cocquet and Bill to be delivered to the Searcher or Searchers belonging to the Customs, and appointed to examine Tobacco shipped for Exportation, in a fair, distinct, and legible Manner, the Plantation or Manifest Mark and Number which was upon each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chert, or Case of Tobacco* at the Time when die fame was first imported into Great Britain, and also the Landing Marks and Numbers which were placed and set upon each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chert, or Case thereof when the same was first landed in Great Britain, together with the exact Weight of the Tobacco contained in each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chert, or Case, at the Time of its being landed in Great Britain; and likewise inuorfe upon the same Cocquet and Bill, after weighing, in the Preience of the Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed to that Business by the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain for the Time being respectively, the Tobacco so entered for Exportation, the then Weight of the '

Tobacco contained in each particular Hogshead, Cask, Chert, or Case, at the Time it is so weighed for Exportation; and the Searcher or Searchers shall not admit any Cocquet unless marked as aforesaid and all and every Exporter and Exporters of Tobacco shall also write oft, and they are hereby required and directed to write oft' the Weight of each Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case of unmanufactured Tobacco by him, her, or them exported from any Port as aforesaid of Great Britain, to any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, from the identical and particular Entry made of each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chelr, or;

Case of such unmanufactured Tobacco, at the Time when it was first imported into Great Britain; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever, w ho shall enter outwards for Exportation, to any Part or Parts beyond. j the Seas, from any Port or Place in Great Britain, any such unmanufactured Tobacco, shall neglect or refuse to indorse upon the Cocquet and Bill for the said Tobacco, delivered to the Searchers, in a fair, distinct, and legible Manner, all and each and every of the several and respective Marks, Numbers, and Weights herein before mentioned and described, and in the Manner and Form the same is hereby required and directed to be done, or who shall neglect or refuse to write oft the Weight of each and every. Hogshead,

Calk, Chest, or Case of unmanufactured Tobacco by him, her, or them exported, from the identical Entry made thereof, at the Time when the same was first imported into Great Britain, agreeable to tire Directions herein before given for that Purpose; all and each and every such Person or Persons, so offending Penalty on Nc-in either one or other of ihofe Particulars, Ih.di forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds for every HogOicad,

Cask, Chest, or Case of such unmanufactured Tobacco not indovfed upon the said Cocquet and Bill as afore-Ciid, or the Weight of which shall not be lb respectively written oft in Manner herein before directed; any Law, Statute, or Usege to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Importer or Proprietor of Tobacco, that Dlfcounttobe hath given Security as aforesaid for the Payment of the said Duties in eighteen Months, shall be desirous to on Pay*

discharge his Bond or Ponds, or any Part thereof, in ready Money, sooner than the Expiration of the said eighteen Months, he shall be abated, upon such Bond or Bonds, so much^as the Discount, at the Rate of Come due!*

seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall amount to in Proportion to the Time unexpired.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Debenture shall be made forth for any Tobacco so imported No manufac-as aforesaid into Great Britain, or any Drawback be paid or allowed for the same, when exported, or cn- tur*d TobacJ? tered outwards for Exportation, to any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, unless the same, and every Part hut in tS^cTme- thereof, be shipped and exported from the very fame Port or Place at which such identical Tobacco was ori- package, and g’mally imported into Great Britain, and no other; and unless the same identical Tobacco, if unmanufac- from the same tured, and every Part thereof, be shipped and exported in the original Package, with the same Marks in and *>orl Nvhfrc n with which it was at first imported into Great Britain, together with the Landing Mark herein before required to be placed and let thereupon, and no other, without any Alteration whatsoever being made in impwtc the Package (except such as shall be occasioned by necessary Cooperage for the Repairs of the said Package), or any other Tobacco being put therein, or any Part of the Tobacco being removed or taken out of the Package in which it was at first imported (except such Tobacco as shall have been so taken out for Sample as before allowed, and directed to be so returned into such original Package for Exportation as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall enter any "Tobacco for Exportation at any other Port or Place than. that at which the lame identical Tobacco was imported, or in any other Calk or Package (if unmanufactured

760

Pcfltlty#

Before Tobteco is taken out of any Warehouse, the Bonded Duties to be paid, and the Voucher* thereof to be de-p< faced with the Warehouse Keeper.

Certificate of Payment of Duties to be givui without

Warehouse Keeper to deliver Tobacco s on Certificate, and 10 enter the same.

No unmanufactured Tobacco to be removed from Place to PDf? without Certificate, and in the original Package*. Penalty.

Regulation* for Removal of To' bjeeo from Place lo Place.

Regulation* to be otderved when eny i«-

C. 81. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Tobacco) than the same in which it was originally imported, or without die fame Marks, and the said Landing Marks, all such Tobacco shall be forfeited, and noDihwback shall be paid thereupon: or if any be paid, the same shall be repaid, and the Person who entered, or caused the same to be entered, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred rounds; and whosoever shall knowingly export beyond the Seas any Hog-fhead, or other package of Tobacco, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he, she, or they, so offending, shall forfeit and lofc the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Hogshead, or other Package of Tobacco so exported.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when any such Tobacco, so warehoused as aforesaid, shall be intended to be taken out of any such respective Warehouse or Warehouses, for Home Trade, the Person or Persons who shall intend to take the same out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, whether such Person or Persons be the original Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees thereof, or the Purchaser or Purchas'ers of such Tobacco from such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, shall, before such Tobacco is taken out of such respective Warehouse or Warehouses, pay down in Ready Money, to the Collector or other Chief Officer of his Majesty's Customs, at the respective Port where such Tobacco shall so be warehoused, the Duties secured by Bond or Bonds; in Manner before directed, for such respective Tobacco, and shall produce to, and leave and deposit with the Officer or Officers in whose Custody such Tobacco shall then be, a dear, distinct and proper Voucher or Vouchers, from the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs (which said Officer is hereby directed and required to grant the same, without Fee or Reward, to the Person or Persons who shall have 4o as aforesaid paid the Duties for such Tobacco, on his Application to such Officer for the fame), directed to such Officer or Officers of the Customs in whole Custody such Tobacco shall then be, ascertaining the Duties to have been paid for such respective Tobacco; and the said Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, together with his Comptroller, shall also, and is hereby directed and required, without Fee or Reward, to grant to such Person or Persons, who shall have so paid the Duties as aforesaid, a Certificate or Certificates that the Duties for such Tobacco have been so paid, describing therein by whom such Duties were paid, and the Time when, and in what Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, the same, and every Part thereof, was respectively imported, and also the Marks and Numbers of the identical Hogshead or Hogs-heads. Casks, Chests, or cases, in which such Tobacco shall be contained, and describing also the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom such Tobacco shall be so sent, and the Place or Flares of his or thfcir Abode respectively, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence; and the said Warehouse Officer or Officers is and are hereby directed and required to deliver all the Tobacco for which the Duties shall have been so paid, to the Person or Persons so producing such Voucher or Vouchers, and Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid; and the same Warehouse Officer or Officers is and are hereby directed and required to enter, in the Books so to be kept by him or them as aforesaid, the Particulars of such Vouchor or Vouchers, and Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, so as in such Books clearly to shew, and particularly describe, the Discharge of such respective Tobacco from his or their Custody.

XXXI. And be it farther cna£Ied, That no Tobacco unmanufactured shall be removed, carried, or conveyed, by Land or by Water, from any Port or Place of Importation as aforesaid, within Great Britain, to any other Port or Place whatsoever, within Great Britain, or shall be removed from any one Place within or without fudi Port or Place of Importation, to any other Place within or without the same Port or Place, without a Certificate from the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, and the Comptroller as aforesaid, and in the original Package in which it was imported, preserving the same Marks and Numbers, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all 1'uch Tobacco as shall be so carried or removed without such Certificate, and the Package containing the same as aforesaid, and also the Horses and Cattle, and Cans, Waggons, and other Carriages whatsoever, employed or any way made use of in the Removing, Carriage, or Conveyance of the same.

XX. Ail. And be it further enacted, That before any unmanufactured Tobacco shall be removed, carried or conveyed, by Land or by Water, as aforesaid, the Proprietor, Factor, or Agent thereof shall describe and inlert, on the Back of such Certificate, in a fair and legible Manner, the Names of each particular Package in which such Tobacco is contained, together with the particular Marks and Numbers set on each Package, and also the true and exact Weight of the Tobacco contained In each particular Package, and the Place from whence die fame is to be delivered, and to which the same is to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the Name of the Person to whom the Tobacco is consigned; and such Proprietor, P'actor, t>r Agent, shall subscribe his, her, or their Name or Names, and make Oath to the Truth thereof; and the Certificate so granted, if going by Land, shall express the Number of Days it shall continue in force, and shall accompany the Tobacco to such Place to which the lame is to be carried and conveyed; and upon its coming to such Place, the Person or Persons receiving the same, or to whom the "Tobacco belongs, fWI cause such Certificate to be delivered to the Chief Officer of the Customs, if any such there be; and in case there be no Officer of the Customs, then to the Officer of Excise of the Division whereunlo such Goods are carried and conveyed; and such Officer is hereby directed to examine the same with the Goods, and if fi.e/agree therewith, the Tobacco may be taken away and disposed of by the Person or Per foils to whom of K ght they belong or appertain, and such Officer is thereupon to enter such Certificate distinctly in a Book by him to be kept for^ that Purpose; and the Officer of the Customs or Excise receiving such Certificate shall from Time to Time transmit the same to the Officer now appointed, or the Officer or Officers hereafter to be appointed, by the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, (or keef ing such Accounts.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall import any To* bacco into Great Britain^ from any of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, islands, or Territories fin

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 761

America, or from the United States of America, and who shall in any wise manufacture the same, or any Part po;ih Tobacco thereof, upon his, her, or their own Account or Accounts, or cause or procure the same, or any Part thereof, to n int^cd he manufactured for his, her, or their own Account or Accounts, by apy other Person or Persons, (hill (before maQaf4dl, re<u the same, or any Part thereof, be manufactured by the importer or Importers, or by any other Person or Persons employed by the Importer or Importers, to be manufactured for the Account of such Importer or Importers) deliver, and they are hereby directed and required to deliver, to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Place or Port where such Tobacco was imported, an Account in Writing, containing the Plantation or Manifest Mark and Number of every Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case of Tobacco intended to be manufactured, with the Name of the Ship or Ships in which the same was or were* imported, and the Time when, and also the Landing Mark and Number set on each Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, at the Time of their Importation into Great Britain, and also the exact Weight of the Tobacco contained' in each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, at the Time of their being first landed in Great Britain, and the exact Weight the same were, at the Time of the Delivery thereof to be manufactured '

Which Account shall be signed by such Importer or Importers, or one of his, her, or their known Servants or Agents, and also by such Person or Persons to whom such Tobacco is delivered to be manufactured, or one of his, her, or their known Servants or Agents, with their several and respective Names and Places of Abode* and such Importer and Importers shall, at the Time of their delivering in such Accounts as aforesaid, write oft from the Entries made at the Time and Times the Tobacco contained in such Account was imported, and against each and every particular Ship in which the same was imported, the Weight of each particular Hogshead, Cask, Chelt, or Case, contained in such Account, of Tobacco intended to be manufactured as aforesaid, in the very same Manner and Form as if the said Tobacco had been delivered for Exportation; and in case aryy Importer or Importers of Tobacco shall neglect to give in such Account as Penaltiesoi*He-aforesaid, at the Time, and in such Manner and Form, in all Respects, to all Intents and Purposes, as is glea of giving, herein before directed and required, or in case such Account shall, at the Time the same is given in, or at lnin Account of any Time afterwards, appear to be false and fraudulent in any Respect whatsoever, he, she, or they, know- *enunu-ingly offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of thirty Pounds for every Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case of Tobacco, an Account of which is omitted to be given as be- fraudulent Ac-fore directed, or of which a wrong Account shall knowingly be given; and the Person or Persons to whom count thereof* such Tobacco shall have been delivered to be manufactured, neglecting by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their known Servant or Agent, to sign such Account as aforesaid, or knowingly signing any fraudulent Account, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of thirty Pounds for every such Hogshead, or other Package of Tobacco, of which no Account, or for which a fraudulent Account is knowingly given.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall import any To- When«nTm^ bacco into Great Britain, from any of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in porter fell* To-America, or in the United States of America, who shall sell the same, or any Part thereof, to any Person *cc0» \he

or Persons whatsoever, shall, within three Days after the Delivery thereof out of his Custody to the Purchaser or Puchafers thereof, or their Order, give and deliver to the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Delivery of iTc-Customs, at the Port or Place where such obacco was imported, an Account in Writing, containing the counts thereof Plantation or Manifest Mark and Number of every Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case of Tobacco fb fold or to be observeft delivered, with the Name of the Ship or Ships in which the same was imported, and the Times when, M.00 ExPoruu and also the Landing Mark and Number set on each Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, at the Time of their Importation into Great Britain, and also the exact Weight thereof at the Time of their Sale or Delivery to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, which Account shall be signed by such Importer, or one of his, herv or their known Servants or Agents, and also by such Person or Persons to whom such Tobacco is fold or delivered, or one of his, her, or their known Servants or Agents, with their several and respective Names and Places of Abode; and such Importer and Importers shall, at the Time of their delivering in such Accounts as aforesaid, writeoff from the Entries made at the Time and Times the Tobacco contained in such Account was imported, and against each and every particular Ship in which the same was imported, the Weight of each particular Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case of Tobacco contained in such Account, hi the same Manner and Form as it the said Tobacco had been delivered for Exportation; and in case any Importer or Importers of Tobacco shall neglect to give in such Account as aforesaid, at the Time, and in such Manner and Form in all Respects, to all Intents and Purposes, as herein before directed and required, or in case such Account shall, at the Time the same is given in, or at any Time afterwards, appear to be selfe or fraudulent, in any Respect: whatsoever, he, she, or they, knowingly offending in any or either of the cases, aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of thirty Pounds for every Hogshead or other Package of Tobacco, an Account of which is omitted to be given as before directed, or of which a wrong Account shall be knowingly given; and the Person or Persons to whom or to whole Order such Tobacco shall have been fold or delivered, neglecting by him, her, or themselves, or his, her, or their known Servant or Agent, to sign such Account as aforesaid, or knowingly signing any fraudulent Account, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of thirty Pounds for every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case of 1 obacco, of which no Account, or for which a fraudulent Account is knowingly given.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the iecond Purchaser of any entire Hogshead of unmnni:- SecondPimhafer fadured Tobacco shall and may be entitled to the Benefit of a Certificate on the Removal of any such To- <?t ur m*..uf*c-bacco, or of any Stalks shipped, or any Snutf or manufactured Tobacco made therefrom, by Land or by T»<bacco Water, in like Manneras Certificates by this Act are directed to be granted to the first Purclufcr from the Importer; and that in all such Certificates, so to be granted to such Second Purchaser of any entire Hog- crrtifiVtes I?* (head or Hogsheads of such Tobacco, the Name of the Importer or Importers, Seller or Seilers thereof, ftemt,*«u a* tht toay be fitted provided that the Seller to such second Purchaser shall have delivered to the Collector or first Purokafe*

I oilier

762

MamifaOured

Tobacco abcjrc six Pounds Weight,r?moved without t'cniti-< ne of the Duties having Leen fjid, isfoi feited*

Before Tobacco ierem*»ed, the Wtrifhf, &c. of each Package it to be written on the Back of the Certificate, and signed by the Prr^rictor.

Certificate to express the Number of Day* it is to continue in fb^ce, and to be drlivereJ to the Officer of the C'u/lorr.s on the Ar<ivj] of the Goods at I heir intended Place, &c.

NoT* bacco fluff be apain removed wi hour Certificate of i;s hiving been le-g. 11 y received at the former Place ol Removal.

Persons applying fjr Certificate* to describe on <he Back, and mjke Oaf h of the T utS there-, c»f, the Ptrfi-culKi ar«i WcigOt ^c.

Orfifiote to ex-

fwei* foe Nurn" l»er o’ Day’’ * u. continue in

C. 81. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 785.

other Chief Officer of the Port where such Tobacco shall have been imported, such and the Jike Account

as the Importer 01 Importers thereof are by this Act required to give.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no manufactured Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks, exceeding six Pounds Weight, or Snuff exceeding six Pounds Weight, shall, in any Form or Manner whatsoever, be removed, carried, or conveyed by Land or by Water, from any Port or Place whatsoever in Great Britain, to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, or from any Place whatsoever within the same Port or Place, to any other Place within the same, unless in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to lay,) If it be Tobacco-Stalks, or Snuff, or other manufactured Tobacco, which is to be carried by Land or by Water as aforesaid, the fameshall not be removed, carried, or conveyed, without a Certificate or Certificates, and Oath of the Importer (jn case the Importer applies for the fame) being first had and obtained as aforesaid, that such Stalks were Gripped or separated from, or such Snuff or other manufactured Tobacco wtis made from, one or more. Hogshead or Hogsheads of Tobacco for which the Duties were by him paid; and in case the Person applying for such Certificate or Certificates be a Purchaser, such Purchaser shall make Oath that such Stalks were strip^ ped or separated, or such Snuff, or other manufactured Tobacco, was made, from one or more Hogshead or Hogsheads of Tobacco which had been delivered and received according to the Directions of this Act (which said several Certificates such Officer and Officers are hereby required and directed to grant, and, after writing the same off their Books, to deliver to all and every Person or Persons who shall apply to him or them for the same, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever fc-r such Certificates or Oaths, on rain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Offence) upon Forfeiture of all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff, together with the Cask and Package containing the fame,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks* or Snuff, for which such refi>ective Certificate is so respectively granted, shall be removed or carried, by Land or by Water, as aforesaid the Proprietor, Factor, or Agent thereof, shall describe and insert, on the Back of such Certificate or Certificates, in a fair and legible Manner, the Names of each particular Package in which such Goods are contained, together with the particular Marks and Numbers set on each Package, and also the true and exact Weight of each particular Species of Goods contained in each particular Package, and the Place from whence the same are to be delivered, and to which they are to De carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the Name of the Person to whom the Goods are consigned; and such Proprietor, Factor, or Agent, shall subscribe his, her, or their Name or Names, and make Oath to the Truth thereof; and the Certificate or Certificates so granted, if going by Land, shall express the Number of Days they shall respectively continue in force, and shall accompany the Goods to such Place to which they are to hie carried and com eyed; and upon its coming to such Place, the Person or Persons receiving the same, Or to whom the Goods belong, shall cause such Certificate or Certificates to be delivered to the Chief Officer of the Customs, it any such there be, and in case there be no Officer of the Customs, then to the Officer of the Excise of the Division within which such Goods are carried and conveyed; and such refbedive Officer is hereby directed to examine the same with the Goods, and if they agree therewith, the CJoods maybe taken away, and disposed of, by the Person or Persons to whom of Right they belong or appertain, and such Officer is thereupon to enter such Certificate or Certificates distinctly, in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose; and the Officer of the Customs or Excise receiving such Certificate or Certificates shall, from'l'ime to Time, tran fin it the same to the Officer now appointed, or the Officer or Officers hereafter to be appointed, by the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for keeping such Accounts.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no unmanufactured Tobacco, or manufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, which shall have been removed1, carried, or conveyed, either by Land or by Water, from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place whatsoever in Great Britain, or which shall have been removed, carried, or conveyed from any one Place within any one Port or Place, to any other Place within the lame Port or Place, shall be afterwards removed, carried, or conveyed, either by Land or by Water, to any other Port or Place whatsoever within Great Britain, without a Certificate or Certificates being first had and obtained from the Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs, at the Port or Place from whence such Goods are intended to be removed; but if there is not any Officer of the Customs resident at such Place, then from the Officer of Excise for the Division with whom the former Certificate or Certificates was or were entered, that it appears to them, by the Entries of the Certificate or Certificates in their Books, upon the former Removal, that such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, had been received by legal Certificate, and also that the Person or Persons who shall apply to him or them for such Certificate or Certificates, had made Oath to the Truth thereof; and, before such Certificate or Certificates shall be granted, the Proprietor of such Tobacco, or the Factor or Agent applying for the same, shall describe and illicit on the Back of such Certificate or Certificates reflectively, in a fair and legible Manner, the Names of each particular Package in which such Goods are contained, together with the particular Marks and Numbers let on each Package, and also the true and exact Weight of Tobacco contained in each particular Package, and the Place from whence the same are to be delivered, and to which, and by what Carriage, they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the Name of the Person or Persons to whom the Goods are consigned, to which such Proprietor, Factor, or Agent, shall subscribe his, her, or their Name or Names, and make Oath to the Truth thereof; which several and respective Oaths herein before directed, the collector or Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, or the Officer of Excise, granting such respective Certificate or Certify ates, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer; and the Certificate or Certificates so respectively granted, if going by Land, shall express the Number of Days it or they shall continue in farce; and the Officer or Officers granting such Certificate or Certificates, after writ ng the same off their Books, in a Look to be kept by him or them for that Purpose, are hereby directed to deliver such Certificate or

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. 763

Certificates to the Person or Persons who shall apply to them for the same, without any Fee or Reward force* »r»of to*e whatsoever for such Certificate or Certificates, or for administering the Oaths hereby required, on Pain of deii*e:cd with-forfeiting twenty Pounds foi* every such Offence, and to transmit a Duplicate of such Certificate or Certi- 01,1 cc* Ac* ficates to the said Officer now appointed, or the Officer or Officers hereafter to be appointed, by the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for keeping such Accounts; and the said Certificate or Cer- Certificate* t*e tiftcates so granted, Shall accompany such Tobacco to the Place where, and be delivered to the Persons to ddi"ered whom, such Tobacco Shall be consigned, who, upon receiving the fame. Shall cause such Certificate or [k^Artirro/0* Certificates to be delivered to the Chief Officer of the Customs, if any such there be, and in case there be Good* ai° no Officer of the Customs, thert to the Officer of Excite of the Division within which such Goods are their intended carried and conveyed and such Officer is hereby directed to examine the same with the Goods, and if they Place, &c. agree therewith, the Goods may be taken away and difoofed of by the Person or Persons to whom of Right they belong; and which Officer is thereupon to enter such Certificate or Certificates distitwtly, in a Hook to be kept by him for that Purpose, and transmit the original Certificate or Certificates to the said Officer now appointed, or to the Officer or Officers hereafter to be appointed, by the High Treasurer, *or Commissioners of the Treasury, for keeping such Accounts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks, exceeding six Pounds Penaitin m re-Weight, or any Snuff, exceeding six Pounds Weight, Shall be found removing, either by Land or by unonng Tobacco Water, without having one or other of the Certificates herein before directed, all such Tobacco, Tobacco wT^without Stalks, and Snuff, and the Casks, Chests, cases, or other Package containing the same, together with the Cenffic^tr'^ni1 Horses, Cattle, Carts, Waggons, and all other Carriages whatsoever, employed or in anywise made use of on coumerftu-in the Removing, Carriage, or Conveyance of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, or any or either ing or altering of them. Shall be forfeited and lost, and the Carrier or other Person employed or intruded in the removing, Certificate*, carrying, or conveying such Goods, or any or either of them, Shall, besides the Lois of the Cattle and Carriages, be committed to the County Gaol for the Space of one Month, by any Justice of the Peace for the County where the Offence is committed, or the Offender Shall be found; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever Shall counterfeit, erase, or in any wise alter any such Certificate or Certificates, or Duplicate or Duplicates, as herein before is mentioned and described, or shall cause or procure the same, or any or either of them, to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered, in any Respect, he, she, or they, so offending, Shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco nor Tobacco Stalks, exceeding the Quantity of fix No Tobacco, Ac* Pounds Weight, nor Snuff, exceeding six Pounds Weight, Shall be conveyed or carried by Land or by be de-

water, from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, or from any moved without" Place within any Port in Great Britain to any other Place within the same Port, in any Hogshead, Cask, being marked on Chest, Case, or other Package, unless such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, Case, or other Package, be stamped the Package, or maiked on the Outside with the respective Words Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, in large Letters, not less than three Inches in Length, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snqff, with the Package thereof, and one Shilling for every Pound Weight thereof, to be paid by the Owner of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, unless it can be proved that the Goods so removing was without his, her, or their Knowledge.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no manufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, exceeding No manukAo-the Quantity of six Pounds Weight in the Whole, although in different Packages, Shall be removed, car- red To£a<£0» *r* ried, or conveyed, either by Land or by Water, at one and the same Time, by one and the same Carriage wdchi* though or Conveyance, and directed to one and the same Person, or to different Persons in one and the same Part- in different ncrShip in Trade, without a Certificate, as is herein before directed, being first had and obtained from the Col- Package?, shall lector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer or Officers of the Custom$Kor the Officer of Excise (if be removed at there be not any Officer of the Customs there) of the Port or Place from whence such Tobacco, Tobacco

Stalks, or Snutfe Shall be so removed, and to accompany the same to the Port or Place to which the same d'ffcrentVoJni is to be carried or conveyed, upon Forfeiture thereof. in Pjnne»/h»p,

i v without Certificate.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no unmanufactured Tobacco, manufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, which shall have been removed from the Port or Place of Importation in Great Britain, or from any other Port or Place in Great Britain, to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, Shall be again returned or lent back to such Port or Place from whence the same was or were before removed or lent, upon any Pretence whatsoever, without Leave being first had and obtained for that Purpose from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them for the Tims being, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them for the Time being, in Scotland, and for which a Special Certificate Shall be granted to accompany the same, in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners respectively Shall think proper, upon Forfeiture thereof, together with the Horses, Cattle, Carriages, and Boats made use of in the Removing, Carriage, or Conveyance of the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Tobacco is intended to be carried or conveyed from the Port or Place of Importation, or other Place, to the Mills of any Manufacturer of Tobacco, for the Purpose of grinding the same into Snuff, the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the Time being, respectively, are hereby authorised and required to direct proper Sufferances or Certificates to be granted to accompany such Tobacco to such Mills, in order to be manufactured, and after it has been so manufactured, other such like Sufferances or Certificates, to accompany the same from fcich Mills to the House of such Manufacturer, from whence the lame had been so lent, for the Purpose of Voi<. XIV. Part V, 5F being

No Tobacco which hat been once removed dull be returned back again <othe same Place without Leave from the Commissioners of the Custom*.

Tobacco conveying to and from Snuff Mills without a Certificate, to be forfeited, and the Owner and Remover thereof liable to Penalties,

764 C. 81. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

being so manufactured; and if any Tobacco or Snuff manufactured therefrom shall be found removing as aforesaid, without such Sufferance or Certificate as aforesaid, the same fhttl be forfeited, together with the Horfos, Cattle, and Carriages, made use of in the Removing, Carriage, or Conveyance of the same, and the Person or Persons to whom such Tobacco, or Snuff manufactured therefrom, shall belong, shall forfeit, and lose twenty Shillings for every Pound Weight of Tobacco or Snuff, and the Person employed in the Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance of the same, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Tobacco or Snuff*; unless it can be proved that the Tobacco or Snuff* so removing was without his, her, or their Knowledge.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Bond or Bonds so given as aforesaid, for securing the Duties upon any Quantity of Tobacco lb imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, shall be discharged and cancelled by the Debenture or Debentures respectively made out and passed in the usual Way, for the Quantity or Quantities of Tobacco, taken at the weighing thereof as aforesaid for Exportation, and

Dc create of Weight of Tobacco from lying in Warrhousef, to hr allowed in the Discharge of Bonds,

net1

Security to be given that manufactured Tobacco shipped for Exportation shall not be relanded in Great Britain or the Isle of Man,

Regulations for discharging such Security.

Tobacco setroyed by Fire in a Warehouse, to be allowed in Discharge of Binds.

Documents required by this and 24 Geo. z, c. 41, rebtive to Importation of i 0-bacco, to be tracfmitteo to such Person as shall be appointed by the treasury, who is to conform to the Regulations of Ivtmtr AC),

upon the Delivery of such Tobacco for Home Trade as aforesaid; and when the Whole of the Tobacco to which such respective Bond or Bonds shall apply and reflectively refer shall appear to have been so exported* and delivered for Home Trade as aforesaid, and it shall also appear that there is a Difference between the Weights of such Tobacco, taken as aforesaid at the Importation, and the Weights taken at the Delivery thereof as aforesaid for Home Trade and for Exportation, jointly or severally, by a Decrease in Weight, arising from Shrinkage by lying in the Warehouse, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers of the Customs for the respective Warehouse or Warehouses from which such Tobacco shall have been so delivered as aforesaid to certify the same, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required to grant the fame* and such Certificate shall go in Discharge of such Bond or Bonds lb given as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That at or before the shipping for Exportation of any manufactured Tobacco, the Exporter or Exporters, with one or more Person or Persons, of which the Matter* or othec Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Tobacco is intended to be exported, shall be one, shall give Security to the Customer, Collector, or Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port where the Warehouse or Warehouses out of which such Tobacco is to be exported is or are situate, in, the Penalty of double the Value of the said Tobacco (which Security the said Customer, Collector, or other. Chief Officer, is hereby directed and impowered to take in the Name of, and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), that such Tobacco so shipped, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on Shore again in any Port or Place ol Great Britain, or the Isle of Man; and such Security shall be discharged in the Manner herein alter mentioned; (that is to say,) For such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, or landed in the Kingdom of Ireland, the lilands of Guernsey, ferjey, Alderney, or Sark, the Condition of the Bond shall be, to bring in a Certificate in Discharge thereof within six Months from the Date of the Bond; and within eighteen Months for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for and landed in any of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Blands, or Territories in America or Africa; and within, thirty Months for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, and landed in any Port or Place at or beyond, the Cape of Good Hobc\ which said Certificate for such Tobacco as aforesaid as shall be landed in any Part, or PI ace where any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall be retident, shall be ligned by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs there, importing that such Tobacco was tilt re landed, testifying the landing thereof; and for such Tobacco as aforesaid as shall be entered for the Islands ol Guern-fy, Jt'tjey, Alderney, or Sark, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, if any such Officer or Officers shall be redid ing in these lilands respectively, and for Want of such Officers re-ftding the re, then by the Governor of thele lilands, or the Deputy Governor thereof respectively j and for such Tobacco as aforesaid as shall be entered for any other foreign Port or Place, to bring a Certificate under a Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate of such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of two known, British Merchants, then being at such Port or Place, that such Tobacco was there landed; or such Bond* or Bonds shall be discharged, upon Proof, in any or either of the said cases, that such Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Sea, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland for the Time being respectively: Provided always, That in case any Tobacco so put into the said Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid shall be burnt or destroyed by Fire, during the Time it shall remain in such Warehouse or Warehouses, the respective Bond or Bonds which shall have been given for Security of the Duties thereon, shall be discharged for so much Tobacco as shall have been so burnt or destroyed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That one of the Books of the Landing Waiters so appointed so the Delivery of every Ship or Vessel so importing Tobacco as aforesaid, under this Act, and every other Document and Documents in relation to Tobacco so imported, as is now required by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual jc curing the Duties upon Tobacco, to be transmitted or delivered to such Person as should be deputed and appointed by the High 7 re afore r, or Commissioners of the j rcafury for the Time being, to receive the same (on the Importation of Tobacco imported under the Regulation of that Act), shall, and are hereby chredted to be transmitted or delivered to such Person who now is deputed and appointed for the Purpose of that Act, or such other Person or Persons as shall hereafter be appointed to execute such Office; and such Person lb deputed, or such Person or Persons so to be deputed and appointed as aforesaid, shall do and perry Act and 'Filing, ia every Respect whatsoever, in regard to any Tobacco so imported i

into Great

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. 765

Officers fufp?&. ing Tobacc > to be lhi dt for Exportation (to Irelandcxcepfed) in VeiTeJi of left Burthen thin 70 Ten?, may detain them til) they are admeasured, to

15 Geo. 3. c. 7

Persons to be so deputed and appointed as aforesaid, by the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury For the Time being, shall be furnished with a!! and every Document and Documents from all and every proper Officer and Officers of the Customs who shall be possessed of the same, to enable such Person or Persons to be a competent Checque upon the Tobacco so imported as asure/aiJ being delivered for Exportation out of any of the respective Warehouses aforesaid, or delivered for Home Trade as aforesaid, out of fudi Tcfueclive Warehouses.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco, either manufactured or unmanufactured, shall be entered or shipped for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas (Ireland only excepted) in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be of the Burthen of seventy Tons, or upwards; and if any Officer or Officers of the Customs shall apprehend, or have Reason to believe, that any such Ship or Vessel botmd to foreign Parts, and having Tobacco on board her, shall not be of the Burthen of seventy Tons, or upwards, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to stop and detain such Ship or Vessel, and the whole Cargo laden on board her of Tobacco, and all other Goods, until he or they shall cause such Ship or Vessel to be admeasured according to the Admeasurement prescribed by an Act passed in a<imc the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better ofer tabling the Ton- agreeably 71 age and llarthi n of Ships and Iff Is importing and exporting Gilds into and from this Kingdom, or hovering if on the Cou/h thereof; for amending so much of an Act, made in the left Session of Parliament for lowering the Duty piyable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the Juing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby in flirted in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland \ for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bari, grafted by theft id fid \ and for obviating Doubts which have arisen with respect to toe a It: using the Drawback upon certain Caldcoes; and the Bounty upon British-w./T Cordage exported to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands; and if it shall appear by such Admeasurement that any such Ship or Vessel is of the Burthen of seventy To is, or upwards, the Officer or Officers so flopping and detaining her ?tnd her Cargo shall not be subject or liable to any Action for Da mages occasioned by such Stoppage and Detention; and if the Mailer or Commuuier of any Ship or Vessel outward bound to foreign Parts, having Tobacco on board her, shall enter and clear out such Ship or Vessel in the Collector’s Book at the Custom-house, as of the Burthen of seventy Tons, or upwards, and such Ship or Vessel shall not be of so great Burthen, according to the Admeasurement prescribed by the said Aift, he shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, under the Burthen of seventy Tons, coming or arriving from Foreign Parts, or having cleared outwards in Great Britain for Foreign Parts, and having on board one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco, or any Tobacco Stalks or Stems dripped from the Leaf, Hull be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coeds thereof, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits or Distance, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting (unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and Diitrcls of Weather, of which Necessity and Distress the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice, and make Proof before the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, of any Port within the Limits of which such Ship or Vessel shall be found, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel within the Limits of such Port), nil such Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks or Stems stripped from the Leaf, together with the Hogsheads, Bags,

Boxes, Casks, Chests, cases, or other Packages whatsoever containing the same, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost (whether Bulk shall then have been broken, or not), and the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lolc the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, of the Burthen of seventy T ons or upwards, having such Goods on board as aforesaid, either homeward bound or outward bound, shall be found at Anchor, or hovering as aforesaid, or shall be discovered not to be proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, and not any Distress shall happen as aforesaid, and Notice thereof be given as aforesaid, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every lucii Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bonds which shall be given for the several and respective Duties on Tobacco by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be due and payable immediately upon the Day mentioned in the Condition of the said respective Bond or Bonds for the Payment thereof; and that such interest shall be paid to the Crown oil all such Bonds as are directed by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty ftkjeen Ankk, intituled, A a Act for continuing an additional Sidfiiy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Du tbs of Jixcif; and for filling and tfahiishing a Fund thereby, and by other I Fays an I A leans, for Prey neat of Annuities, to be Jold for raifnrt a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the liar one thvuf.ind seven hundred and fx, and other Ujis therein mentioned', which interest shall be computed from the Day the Bond or Bonds shall respectively become due, to the Day whereon it or they shall be paid off in Muncy, or the Day the Searcher certifies upon the Debenture,.that the Tobacco was hipped for Exportation, notwithstanding such Tobacco doth or shall remain unexported; and no Inch Security ill all hereafter be vacated, until all such interest shall be paid thereon; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwitMLnding.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Ferlbn or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, in order tohaffeat any of the Purpu.es or Intents of this Act, crafe, cutout, burnout, blot out, or in anywise whatsoever alter, change, or deface any Mark or Number, or Marks or Numbers, wir.Ch

Penalty on entering Vessel of greater Burthen than they are.

Tobacco of more than ico Pounds Weight on board any Vdfel under yoTons, found hovering or at Anchor within certain Limits, to be forfeited*

Maflcr9 of Vessels found hovering or at Anchor in certain Limits forfeit tool*

B mds deemed to be due cn the

D*y mentioned in their Condi* lions, and Interest to be paid agueable to 4. Annx, c. 6.

Penalty on ci jiinj; M..tks on I’cckaaei*

was or were burnt in or let upon any Hogshead, Calk, Che ft, or Case whatsoever, of Tobacco, in his laid

5 F MajestyT

y66

Proprietor* to be a- the Expence and Risque of Mooring Vessels.

All Expences of

unshipping and of conveying to

and from Ware-houses to be borne by the Proprietors, except the Expences of Revenue Officers.

Expences of Gripping Kogf-heads from the Tobacco to be borne by the Proprietor.

If Ronds are not duly discharged, the Tobjco may be sold for Pa) ment*

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered tad applied.

Where Seixorea and Forfeitures are to be tried, and how to be applied.

Act 5^co. *'43-

C. Bt. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or in the United States of America, or which shall be set, stamped, or affixed thereon in Great Britain, upon the Importation or Landing thereof, or which was or were set or stamped, or affixed thereoq in Great Britain> upon the Exportation thereof from thence to Foreign Parts, he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit and Iole the Sum of twenty Pounds for each and every Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case whatsoever, of Tobacco, the Mark whereof shall bp so altered or defaced as aforesaid, ‘

LI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Proprietors of the Ships and Vessels which, shall be so respectively moored at the Places aforesaid, shall so moor, or cause the same to be so moored, at their sole Expence and Riique *, and they, and the Proprietors of the Cargoes on board such Ships respectively, and not the Crown, shall take the Risk of,' and bear every Damage that may happen respectively to such Ships and their Cargoes, while they shall remain at such Mooring Places.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Merchants, and not the Crown, shall respectively bear all the Charges and Expences incurred in any Way, by unshipping, bringing, carrying, or conveying any Tobacco as aforesaid from the several and respective Ships so importing the lame, to the several and respective Places of Landing, and from thence to the respective Warehouses as aforesaid, in which the same Tobacco^ is to be so deposited as aforesaid, or in the bringing, carrying, or conveying the Tobacco from such respective Warehouses to and on board the several and respective Ships, in which the same is or are to be respectively exported to Foreign Parts, save and except the Charges and Expences of paying the Revenue Officers, under whose especiai Care the said Tobacco shall be so respectively conveyed, either from the Ship to the Warehouse, on Importation, or from the Warehouse to the Ship, when for Exportation; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Proprietors of the Tobacco, so to be brought as aforesaid to the respective Warehouses before mentioned, shall be at the sole Expence of llripping or taking the Hogsheads in which the Tobacco shall be lo imported as aforesaid from the Tobacco, before the same shall be so weighed as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of such Tobacco as shall be deposited in such Warehouses as aforesaid, and for which Bond or Bonds shall have been given for the Payment of the Duties as aforesaid within eighteen Months, shall not, at or before the Expiration of such eighteen Months, forthwith, either by Debenture or Debentures on Exportation of such Tobacco, or by Payment of the several Duties for which his or their Bond or Bonds hath or have been respectively given as aforesaid, discharge his or their Obligation or Obligations, or any Part thereof, but that the Tobacco, or any Part thereof, shall continue and be (till remaining in the said Warehouses for Want of the Payment of the Duties due thereon^ in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or principal Officers of the Customs for the Time being, and who are hereby required and impowered so to do, to cause the said Tobacco so remaining to be publickly sold by Inch of Candle, first giving the Proprietor or Proprietors fourteen Days Notice, or leaving the same in Writing at the Place of his or their lait Abode; the Product thereof, after such Sale, first to be applied towards Payment of the Customs and Duties, and Charges that have been expended thereon, and the Overplus (if any) to be rendered and paid to the Proprietor, or other Person lawfully authorised to receive the same.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all the Goods, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages and Things forfeited by this Act, shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and that all the Penalties and Fines inflated by this Act shall and may be prosecuted and sued for, and the causes and Controversies tried, heard, and determined in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster (if the Offence shall be committed in England, or if the Offender or Offenders be in England at the Time of commencing the Prosecution), or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh (if the Offence shall be committed in Scotland, or it the Offender or Offenders be in Scotland at the Time of commencing the Prosecution), at the Election of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in that Part of the United Kingdom where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or n>ore than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and such. Penalties, or the Sums recovered, shall be paid and applied in the following Manner; (that is to say,) If such Prosecution shall be carried on at the Expence of the Officer, then one Moiety of whatever Penalty shall be recovered, either upon a Judgement obtained on such Prosecution, or upon a Composition made thereon, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer;, if such Prosecution shall be carried on under the Regulation made by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, by their Warrant, dated the twenty-seventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, then such Officer shall be entitled to and paid one Third of such Penalty or Composition^ and if such Prosecution shall be carried on at the Expence of the Ciown, then such Officer shall be entitled to and paid one Sixth of such Penalty or Composition; any Law, Custom, or Usege, to the contrary, notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Seizures made, and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall and may in like Manner be prosecuted, tried, heard, and determined iu any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively; and one Moiety of the Per Produce of such Seizures and Forfeitures, after deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale from the Whole, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers who shall inform, prosecute, or sue for the same; provided the Requisitions of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and further improvement

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81 - 83. 767

of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Ifie of Man; and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, 'the Produce and Manufattun of the said Ijhnd, under certain Krjiriflicns and Regulations \ be complied with by such Officer or Officers -9 but if the Conditions of the said recited Act shall not be* complied with, then such Officer and Officers shall, in each and every such Cale, in lieu and instead of such Moiety, be entitled to and allowed no more than one third Part of the net Produce arising by the Sale of such Seizure: Provided nevertheless, That all 4

Seizures of Hones, Cattle, Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages whatever, for being used in the Removing, Carriage, or Conveyance of any Goods contrary to this Act, shall and may be examined into, proceeded upon, heard, adjudged, and determined by and before any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace redding near to the Place where such Seizure shall be made, in such Manner, and by such and the like Rules, as the Seizure of any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, liable to Forfeiture for being used in removing, carrying, or conveying of any prohibited or run Goods, may be examined into and proceeded upon, heard, adjudged, and determined, by any justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of any Act of Parliament in force; and such Judgement which shall be given in pursuance of this Act is hereby declared to be taken and adjudged good, valid, and effectual in Law, and final, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and not liable to any Appeal, or any Writ or Writs of Certiorarif any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff, which shall be seized Condemned Ta-and condemned, shall be burnt and destroyed in the Presence of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs for the Port where such Tobacco shall hap peri to be at the Lime of such Condemnation, or in the the Officer who Pretence of such Officer as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose; and that all Rewards or Allow- fci*ed shall he ances to which the Officer or Officers who shall seize and prosecute the same are entitled by Law, shall be p»ufour of the paid by the Receivers General of the Customs at London or Edinburgh ‘respectively, or by the respevftive Incidental the Collectors in the Out Ports where such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Stutff was seized, and burnt or de- p^undof Toff my cd, to such Officer or Officers, out of any of the Duties or Revenues arising from the Customs bacco or Snufli applicable to Incidents \ (that is to say,) If it is Tobacco, or Tobacco Snuff, so burnt and deftroveJ, the and id. per fame shall be paid at and after the Rate and Proportion as if the said Tobacco, or Tobacco Snuff, had been P°nn(j bf To* fold on Condemnation for six Pence per Pound j and if it is Tobacco Stalks or damaged Tobacco, then the ^aJ^of Officer so icizing shall have and be entitled to one Penny per Pound for every Pound Weight of Tobacco Stalks, or damaged Tobacco, so condemned and burnt, in lieu of all other Allowances.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General blue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had General KTue» thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury (hill find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be noufuk-d. or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants mail and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases Treble CofU. by Law.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Trustees of Turnpike Roads in certain cases, and declaring their Proceedings valid.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for further postponing the Payment of the Sum of two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Conpany of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

Repayment of the Sum of 2,000,000l. to the Bank postponed to Jan. 5, 1787. Exchequer Bills to bear 3 Per Cent, Interest until that Period. Bills so issuei not to be received again m Payment of Taxes, noc exchanged, before Jan. 1787."

y68

Every Pdtl must commence, at the latest, the Day after it is demanded, unlef* it be Sunday, and must not continue more than i$ Days,

Return to be made at the Close of the Pell, or the Day after, un-Jess a Scrutiny is demanded.

Regulations for making Returns -in case of a Scrutiny*

Objectiong to Voters to be decided alternately.

Poll to be kept open [even Hours daily.

Within two Days after Receipt of the Writ, Proclamation to be made of the Election, which must be-p,i i between the joth and j6th Diy utter Pio-cldnution.

An Oath to be taken previous <; polling*

c. 84. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also for removing Difficulties which may arise for want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament.

FOR the better Regulation of Polls and Scrutinies, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand ('even bundled and eighty-five, every Poll which shall be demanded at any Election for a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, or other Place, within England, Wales, or for the Town of Berwick upon Tivaed, shall commence on the Day upon which the same shall be demanded, or upon the next Day at furthest (unlds it shall happen to be a Sunday, and then on the Day after); and shall be duly and regularly proceeded in from Day to Day (Sundays excepted) until the same be finished, but so as that no Poll for the Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament, shall continue more than fifteen Days at most (Sundays excepted); and if such Poll shall continue until the fifteenth Day, then the same shall be finally closed at or before the Hour of three in the Afternoon of the same Day; and the Returning OiErer or Officers at every such Election shall, immediately, or on the Day next alter the final Cloie of the Poll, truly, fairly, and publickly declare the Name or Names ot’ the Person or Persons who have the Majority of Votes on inch Poll, and shall forthwith make a Return of such Person or Persons, unless the Returning Officer or Officers, upon a Scrutiny being demanded by any Candidate, or any two or more Electors, shall deem it necessary to grant the fame; in which Case, it shall and may be lawful for hiiyi so to do, and4 to proceed thereupon, but so as that in all Cases of a General Election, every Returning Officer or Officers having the Return of a Writ, shall cause a Return of a Member or Members to be filed in the Crown Office on or before the Day on which such Writ is returnable; and every other Returning Officer or Officers, acting under a Precept or Mandate, shall make a Return of a Member or Members, in obedience to such Precept or Mandate, at least six Days before the Day of the Return of the Writ by virtue of which such Election has been made; and so that in case of any Election, upon a Writ issued during a Session or Prorogation of Parliament, and a Scrutiny being granted as aforesaid, then that a Return of a Member or Members shall be made within thirty Days after the Cloie of the Poll (or sooner, if the same can conveniently be done).

II. And be it enacted, That whenever a Scrutiny shall be granted as aforesaid, and there shall be more Parties than one objecting to Votes on such Scrutiny, the Returning Officer or Returning Officers shall decide alternately or by Turns on the Votes given for the different Candidates who shall be Parties to such Scrutiny, or against whom the same shall be carried 011.

III. And, in order that Electors may have full Time and Opportunity to poll, be it epnefed, That all and every Returning Officer and Officers, unlds prevented by any unavoidable Accident, AMI, during the Continuance of the Poll, on every Day subsequent to the Commencement of the same, cause the said Poll to be kept open for seven Hours at the least in each Day, between the Hours of eight in the Morning and eight at Night.

IV. And whereas Inconveniencies may arise from the Time allowed by the Laws now in being for proceeding to an Election of a Knight or Knights to serve in Parliament, for any County or Shire in England or Wales ;* be it enacted, 'l hat, immediately after the Receipt of the Writ for making any such Election, and indorsing on the Back thereof the Day of receiving the same, as by Law required, it shall and may be lawful (or the ohcrift of such County or Shire, and he is hereby required, within two Days after the Receipt thereof, to cause Proclamation to be made at the Place where the cniuing Election ought by Law to be holden, of a Special County Court to be there holden for the Purpose of such Election only, on any Day, Sunday excepted, not later from the Day of making such Proclamation than the sixteenth Day, nor sooner than the tenth Day and that he shall proceed in such Election, at such Special County Court, in the same Manner as if the said Election was to be held at a County Court, or at an adjourned County Court, according to the Laws now in being: Provided always, That the usual County Court for all other Pui-polts, or any Adjournment made thereof, shall take place, be held, and proceeded in, by the Sheriff, or his Deputy, and may from Time to Time be further adjourned and proceeded in, in such and the same Manner, and at the same Times and Places, as if the Writ for the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire liatl nut been received.

V. And whereas, although from the various and disputed Rights of Voting in Lvcral Cities, Boroughs,

and other Places, a positive Oath of Qualification cannot be required from the EkAors, yet it is a;yre- bended that unqualified Persons may be deterred from polling at such Elections, under fictitious Names or otuerwiie, by requiring from Electors previously to their polling, the Oath or Affirmation herein mentioned P be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of Annul one thou -fund Even hundred and eighty-five, upon every Election to be made, within that Part uf Great Bri'ant c*uEd L > 1 gland, or /> a!csy or 1 own of Berwick upon ;I weedf of any Member or A lumbers to serve in Parliament,

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 84. 769

liament, in all Cases where no Oath or Affirmation of Qualification, other than the Oaths or Affirmations

against Bribery, or of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, can now by Law be required, every Person claiming to give his Vote at the said Election, shall (if required by any Candidate, or any Person having a Right to vote at such Election), before he is admitted to poll, take the Oath (or, being one of the People calked fhiakers, make the sole am Affirmation) following; (that is to say,)

T DO swear, (or, being a gfcaker, do affirm), That my Name is A.B. and that I am The Oath,.

A [Specifying the Addition, Profejfim, or Trade of such Person], and that the Place of

my Abode is at in the County of [and if it is a Town coufijling

of more Streets than one, specifying what Street]; and that I have not before polled at this Election j and that I verily believe myiclf to be of the full Age of twenty-one Years.’

Which Oath, or solemn Affirmation, the Returning Officer or Officers at such Election, and his or their Deputies and Poll Clerks, is or are hereby authorised and required to administer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon every Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, or Place, within England or Wales, or for Berwick upon Tweed, it shall and may be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, if he or they fee Cause, and he and they are in such Case authorised, during the Continuance of any Scrutiny which shall have been granted as aforesaid, to administer an Oath to any Person whatsoever consenting to take the same, touching the Right of any Person having voted at lueh Election, or touching any other Matter or Thing material or necessary towards carrying on such Scrutiny.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that all Persons employed as Poll Clerks at Elections, should take an Oath for the faithful Diiek irge of their Office, but the same is not at present required or authorised by Law, except in Counties and other Places for which there are express Provisions made by Statute \ be it therefore further enabled. That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, at every Election of any Member or Members of Parliament for any City, Borough, or other place, within England or Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, every Person whom the Returning Officer o*Officers shall retain to act as a Clerk in taking the Poll shall, before beginning to take such Poll, be (worn by such Returning Officer or Officers truly and indifferently to take the said Poll, and to let down the Name of each Voter, and his Addition, Profession, or Trade, and the Place of his Abode, and for whom he shall poll; and to poll no Person who is not (worn or put to his Affirmation, where by this, or any other Statute, any Oath or Affirmation now is, or hereafter shall be required, which Oath of every such Poll Clerk the said Returning Officer or Officers is or are hereby authorised and required to administer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, in taking any Oath or Affirmation herein before appointed or authorised to be taken before any Returning Officer or Officers, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and be thereof convicted; or if any Person shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any other Person to take any such Oath or Affirmation, whereby he or she shall commit such wilful Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he or she so offending shall incur such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted in and by two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, (intituled, An Act for Punishment of such Persons as shall procure or commit any wilful Perjury); the other made in the second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing^ and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury; and to make it Felony to /leal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities for Payment of Money), for any Perjury or Subornation of Perjury, contrary to the said Acts.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act before contained shall extend to or in any-wise affect, alter, or regulate the Mode or Time of Proceeding at any Election of any Member or Members for any Place where particular Regulations, touching the Duration of Foils and Scrutinies, are specially enabled by Statute, but that every such Election shall be begun and carried on in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

X. And whereas an Act was passed in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted E id lions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament); and another Act was passed in the eleventh Year of his said Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending the said for- mer Act: And whereas no Provihon is made therein for the hearing and determining any Petition, unless the same shall complain of an undue Election or Return of Members to serve in Parliament f be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if upon any Writ or Writs to be iftaed for the Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament, no Return shall be made to the same on or before the Day on winch such Writ is made returnable; or if a Writ shall have been issued during any Session or Prorogation of Parliament, and no Return shall be made to the same within fifty-two Days alter the Day on which such Writ bears Date; or if the Return made in either of such Cases shall not be a Return of a Member or Members, according to the Requisition thereof, but contain (pedal Matters only concerning such Election; it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, having had, or claiming to have had, a Right to vote at such Election, or chiming to have had a Right to be returned as duly thbted thereat, who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved, to petition the House of Commons concerning the same; and upon such Petition being patented, a Day and Hour shall be appointed for taking the same into Consideratkm, and Notice thereof m Writing shall be

Returning OfH^ cert authorised to administer Oaths during.a* Scrutiny.

Pol! Clerks to take an Oath for (he faithful? Discharge of their Duty.

Persons taking, or I'iihorning others to take, a false Oath, liable to the Pains inflicted by 5 Elia, c. 9 $ and Geo. 2. c. 25.

Not to extend to Places where particular Regulations have been enacted by Statute.

Where Return* have not been duly made, a Selt£t Committee may be appointed, conformable so io Geo. 3. c. iC and 1 ( Cjc«. 3. c. 42.

77°

Notice of the Meeting of Corn-mil tees to be given to the Petitioner! end Returning Officer!.

Rrguhtioni of jo Geo 3. c. 16 j tnd 11 Geo. 3. c. 41, extended to this Act.

When Returning Officers cannot be found, or do not appear

at Committees, other Person! may be appointed to appear in their Stead, and where more than one Petition is presented, the House to deter* mine whether the Returning Officer is to

Returning Officers liable to Preferutiun for Offences against this Act.

Returning Officers may be iued for neglecting to return Person* duly elected.

Actions to be commenced within one Year after the Offence, or six Months after the Conclusion

Poll may be adjourned from Winchester to Newport in the Isle of Wight, dec.

0. 84, 85. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

forthwith given by the Speaker to the Petitioners, and to the Returning Officer or Officers by whom such Return ought to have been made, or shall have been made, accompanied with an Order to him or them to attend the House at the Time appointed, by himself or themselves, his or their Counsel or Agents; and a Select Committee shall be appointed, according to the Directions of the said two recited Acts, for regulating the Trial of controverted Elections; which Committee shall try and determine whether any, and which of the Person or Persons named in such Petition ought to have been returned, or whether a new Writ ought to issue; which Determination shall be final to all Intents and Purposes; and the House being informed thereof by the Chairman of the said Select Committee, shall order the same to be entered in their Journals, and give the necessary Directions for ordering a Return to be nude, or for altering the Return if made, or for the issuing a ne# Writ for a new Election, or for carrying the said Determination into Execution, as the Caic may require.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rules, Regulations, Authorities, and Powers, given or prescribetj by either of the said recited Acts for regulating the Trial of controverted Elections, with refbedl to Select Committees to be appointed by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, shall be in hill Force and Effect with respect to Select Committees to be appointed by virtue of this present Act, in as full and ample Manner as if the same were herein repeated and particularly and specially enacted concerning the same.

XII. Provided always, That if the Returning Officer or Officers, by whom such Return ought to have been made, or has been made, cannot be found so as to be served with the Notice or Order herein-before mentioned, or being served shall not appear by himself or themselves, his or their Counsel or Agents, at the Day or Time appointed for taking such Petition into Consideration, it shall and may be lawful for the House to permit or authorise any Person to appear in the Stead of him or them; and in calc there shall be more Petitions than one presented, complaining of such Return, or Omission of a Return, on distinct Interests, or complaining upon different Grounds, the House shall determine from the Nature of the Case whether the Returning Officer or Officers, or Person appearing in the Stead of him or them, shall, together with such Petitionors, be intitled to strike off from the Lift ot Members drawn by Lot, in the Manner directed by the said Act, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in the Case where ther^ shall be more than two Parties before the House, or whether such Lift shall be reduced by the Parties severally prefeming the said Petitions only.

(trike off from the Lift of Member! drawn by Lot*

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any Sheriff, or other Returning Officer or Officers, who shall presideat any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, or Place, shall wilfully offend against, or act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall be liable to be prosecuted by Information or Indictment in his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, or at any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions, or Gaol Delivery, for the County, City, Town or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, in which no Nolle profqui or CcJJit procejjus shall be granted; any Law- Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff or Returning Officer shall wilfully delay, neglect, or refuse duly to return any Person who ought to be returned to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, or Place within Great Britain, every such Person may, in case it shall have been determined by a Select Committee, appointed in the Manner herein before directed, that such Person was intitled to have been returned, fuc the Sheriff, or other Officer or Officers, having so wilfully delayed, neglected, orrefufed, duly to make such Return, and every or any of them, at his Election, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Session in Scotland; and shall recover double the Damages he shall sustain by reaifon thereof, together with full Costs of Suit.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Indictment, Information, or Action, for any Offence against this Act, shall be found, filed, or commenced within one Year after Commission of the Fad on which such indictment. Information, or Action shall be grounded, or within six Months alter the Conclusion of any Proceedings in the House of Commons relating to such Election.

of Proceedings in the House.

XVI. Provided always, That notwithstanding any Thing in this Act contained, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of the County of Southampton, and he is hereby required, after any Poll for the said County shall have closed at Winchester, and which shall always be closed within the Space of fifteen Days at the moll, in the Manner above required, to adjourn the Poll to Nnvport in the Isle of Wight, in case the same shall be required by one or more of the Candidates, so that every such adjourned Poll shall commence within four Days from the Close of the Poll at Winchester, and shall not continue longer than three Days at the most.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for paving the Footways in the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks; for better repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places in the said Borough; and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

A.D. 1785. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 86 - 97. 771

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for better watchings lighting, and cleansing such Parts of the Precinct of Saint Catharine near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, as are not included in the Provisions of certain Acts passed in the seventh and ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for extending the Dudley Canal to the Birmingham Canal, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for lighting and watching the Village of Clapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, in the County of Surrey.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, with Water.

CAP. XC.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein,

CAP. XCI.

An Act for taking down the Market House in the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and rebuilding the same, together with a Session or Court House, in a more convenient Situation; for removing the Shambles or Butcher Row; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Borough; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any new Houses or Buildings, within the said Borough, with Thatch.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for draining, preserving and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs in the several Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for the Removal and Rebuilding of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol, of the City of New Sarum; and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for repairing, new pewing, seating and erecting Galleries, and making other Alterations and Additions in and to the Parish Church of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Christ Church, otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the City of Bristol; and for widening the Streets adjacent thereto.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for amending two Acts of the eighth and sixteenth Years of his present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and such Part of Hog Lane as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to pull down the Poultry and Wood-street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City for the Purpose of rebuilding the same.

SG

77*

C. 98 - 100. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1785.

---

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings or Barracks, and Land adjoining thereto, and also of certain Ground contiguous to Tinmouth Castle, in the County of Northumberland, belonging to the Duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other Compensation as shall be a full Consideration for the same; and also to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazely, to make a navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath in the County of Stafford, to Fazely, in the said County; and for confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the said Trent and Mersey, the Oxford and the Coventry, Canal Navigation Companies.

CAP. C.

An Act for amending and improving the Navigation of the River Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said County; and for continuing and extending the Navigation of the said River Arun, from the said Wharf called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain Bridge, called New Bridge, situate in the Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex.

INDEX.

[Index removed.]

